YouTube, what is happening? Today, I have an exciting new video for you guys where we're gonna be going into a two-hour call with my students, all where I show you exactly how to use AI to create Facebook ad Creatives That Convert. We start off with all the research that goes into after I pick a random student's product, then exactly step-by-step of how I use AI to create the hooks, the scripts, the prompts I use, all of that good stuff.

And you can see it in this two-hour training. So I hope you guys enjoy. And this is exclusive for my Inner Circle students.

So if you're interested in the Inner Circle, click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. That being said, enjoy the training. All right, so we're gonna do something today that I haven't done in a while.

And last time we did it, it was just like, I don't know. I think y'all pretty much, I think like literally everyone stayed the full two and a half hours of took to do that particular call. I don't wanna do a two and a half hour call today, but we'll let it go as long as it needs to be for this to happen.

And, but today I'll be creating an ad for one of you guys today. I'll probably create a few different ones too, cause I'll probably go with like a few different ideas. So before we get started, a few rules real quick of how we're gonna do this.

Number one, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna have each one of y'all put a number in the chat. I'm gonna tell y'all the number in a second, but it might be each one of y'all put a number in a little bit. And the second thing is, is that if you put your number in the chat, you need to be here the whole call.

So if you have to like hop out in like five minutes or 10 minutes, don't put your number in the chat. And the last thing, and just the most obvious thing is that your product will be shown to everyone in the call. So if you're scared for whatever reason to show your product to everyone in the call, then don't put your number in the chat.

So don't put your number in the chat. If A, you don't want people to see your product or B, you basically don't want, you're not gonna be here for the full call. So Tyler, Tyler, you can hear us now?

All right. So just to repeat that real quick, I'm gonna be creating an ad for one of you guys today. I will have y'all post the number in the chat in a second.

The third thing is, if you don't want your product to be shown to people, don't put a number in the chat because the whole goal of this is I'm creating an ad for you. And then the last thing is, don't put your number in the chat if you're gonna leave in five to 10 minutes because the whole goal is to create this ad with you live to showcase y'all how I kind of go through that process. So let's see, we have about 15 different people in here.

So what I'm gonna do here is I'm gonna give y'all, hold up, let me pull up something real quick for y'all. I am gonna give y'all 30 seconds to put a number in the chat between one and 50. And y'all can begin now.

Here's y'all timer. Between one and 50. Okay.

Put a number in the chat between one and 50 right now if you want me to build an ad for you on today's call. All right. All numbers are in.

Everyone after Antoine, you are not in this contest or this particular drawing right here. So now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna share my screen. I'm gonna have Google pick me a number between one and 50.

Closest number. Long story short, you win. All right.

Y'all ready? It's gonna tell me immediately. So I wish I could, I wish I could have like a little more suspense or something like that.

All right. Two. Whoever got closest to two, we are building an ad for you today.

All right. We got, damn, we got Zach eight. Julia four.

Julie's winning. Fab, sorry. Andrea with two.

All right. I don't think anyone's gonna get closer to an Andrea. This will be a fun one.

I'm actually really excited for this one. I've also picked a more difficult one too, right? This is why I'm enjoying this one.

So what we'll do here, Andrea, can you drop your landing page in the chat where you're sending traffic to? Yeah. I'm testing a new one right now.

Should I drop the original one? That's the one that you're currently actively using and currently actively getting sales from. Let's do that one.

I'll do the one I've had for a long time. All right. Cool.

Sweet. Get some of this stuff rolling. Give me a new document opened up.

All right. Cool. And we just call this add built.

All right. Cool. So let me pull this landing page.

Just gonna gather everything. Landing page. Boom.

What is the offer here? Consult. Phone consult.

Free. Book consult for free. And then what are you selling here?

This is the coaching. So we only have one thing that we sell, which is the coaching subscription, weekly coaching sessions and digital tools. Okay.

And like this weekly coaching sessions for people that are like, you know, running Facebook ads. Who are you coaching for? For women in pregnancy and postpartum looking for mental health support.

Okay. So weekly coaching for women are posts. Is it pregnant women and postpartum?

Pregnant and postpartum. Yep. Okay.

Who's your dominant customer? Postpartum. Postpartum.

Those who run a Facebook ad agency, it's also great to kind of see how I kind of take in a new client. Cause there's a lot of things that we talk to, talk about with clients and stuff as we get in. All right.

We're coaching for postpartum women who need mental health support. Is that correct? Yeah.

Mostly they're looking for therapy, but yeah. So you can say therapy if you want it to be simple, more simple. Okay.

Therapy for women who just, is it just gay fur or is it from like a specific, like, you know, like six months to 20 months or is it literally like day one, two, who's your most common? In the first year, most commonly two months to one year postpartum, but, but in the first year, we have women who come, you know, five days after giving birth sometimes very soon. Cool.

Do you have, you have anyone that's a little bit biased to the other? Definitely more in the, I would say, sort of three to 10 month range postpartum. Perfect.

Cool. Sweet. That's good.

All right. Next thing we're going to look at is we're going to start going through our research and stuff like that. To be fair, the first thing, obviously, if I'm an agency owner and I'm talking to a client, I would sit here and drill Andrea for a little bit longer and kind of act like, all right, what are the problems and stuff like that?

Generally speaking, when you come up with a product idea, you should already kind of have a problem that people are experiencing and that's why you're creating this particular product to solve that problem right there. So I'm curious, Andrea, what was the problem you identified in the marketplace for you to create this product? What was the initial problem or like thing that you wanted to go feel with this particular service?

The technical term, perinatal mood and anxiety disorders or more commonly postpartum depression, postpartum anxiety. Okay. So mostly you saw pregnant women with postpartum anxiety and you wanted to go provide a service for them to basically help them out, right?

Yep. And it's focused on not medication but behavioral interventions. So more coping tools as opposed to medication.

So post-behavioral? So you can say, let's just put coping tools. Coping tools, that's so much easier.

Yeah. I have the language I use as a clinician and a researcher and then I have the language I try to use to communicate to the audience. So I'll use the audience language.

All right, cool. So you identify people, pregnant women with postpartum anxiety and depression. And that's going to be PP, I'm just going to call it PP.

Postpartum depression, postpartum anxiety. Coping tools and then you basically brought a service that does coping tools for dealing with the problem itself, correct? Right.

Correct. And then the next thing you were looking at is, so the actual offer itself, this is going to be, I know you said, what, a weekly call? Is that a group call?

One-on-one call? Weekly one-on-one video sessions. Okay.

And coping tools library as well. And then that's with a licensed therapist or? No, this is the thing that's a little bit unique.

It's, they're coaches. So we could say perinatal certified coaches. That's an interesting one.

Perinatal? Perinatal. So perinatal just means around natal, around labor and delivery.

Perinatal. So perinatal certified. Yeah.

Perinatal coach. Mm-hmm. Cool.

Anything else with this offer? Digital tools library. All right.

Sweet. All right. Cool.

Sweet. And is there any other solutions they'll commonly use for this? Medication.

Not, so therapists who don't specialize in postpartum. Anything else? Wait, wait, wait and see if it gets better.

I don't know if that counts here, but that's commonly an approach. Okay. It's more like, let's just wait.

Maybe it'll get better as my baby gets older. Yeah. Hope it gets better.

Cool. We'll start our research. Oh, and one more.

One more. A therapist that just provide a place to vent so they don't actually help solve the problem. All right.

Sweet. start our research. Get this started.

First thing I always, always like to do now, go to foreplay. Probably one of the easiest ways. And I want us to start looking at like building a foreplay dashboard.

I don't know if we're going to be able to go all the way down to like actual your specific type of coaching just because you're very niche down. but what I can at least do is I can start looking at how just bear pitch run ads, right? Just to see kind of the framework they use in the ad to get that lead, to get that you know, sell.

That's right there. That's the first thing I like to do just because it's such a quick and easy way for me to start to try to understand a little bit more. Let me also too, let me just do like mom therapy.

See if there's anything around that as well. I better look for uh, da, da, da, da. All right.

Booster wellness kit for you. Let's, oh, so this is like let me do mental health. See if there's anything around that.

Going to the pharmacy to pick up my antidepressants was always such a pain. Hmm. Okay.

This is a good example right here. Called out a different um, let's see. I don't know if y'all can actually hear my screen.

Let's see. Yeah, I can hear. Okay.

You can hear. All right, cool. The consultation and treatment recommendation only took a few days.

It was way faster than waiting weeks for an in-person appointment. And whether you have insurance or not, Nurex takes the best work out of medication prices. Get my medications delivered around.

It's time to make just going to the pharmacy to pick up my antidepressants was always okay. So this seems like to be just an offer for, um, what I would call, uh, medication service online. Let me just do a credit board real quick.

Let's just do student call. Andrea. Let's call Andrea.

not sure if any of you guys use foreplay, but it's one of my favorite tools to get started. All right, listen up. Here's things that we need therapy.

One, you're feeling isolated and alone. Two, you're feeling depressed. Ooh, this is a good one right here.

Teladoc is a massive player. Teladoc is the same as BetterHelp, um, which is probably the biggest sort of direct-to-consumer therapy platform. Okay.

Or not yourself. Three, you're purposefully avoiding. So, something I'm gonna do a little bit different this call is last time I did this with everyone, I did literally just like one ad.

I'm gonna try to pump you out a couple different ones. So, like, great example right here. If, you know, so in the beginning stages when I take on a new account, I like to first just replicate a lot of what's working really well already, but let's apply a little bit of that sophistication, apply a little bit of that, what makes us unique.

something like I would start off right away is, hey, look, this is a massive platform. It's been running for a while, which is good. That shows to me that it's working, right?

And it's still active. So, it's been running for a while and it's still active. I would literally take this whole script right here and just recreate it, but with moms.

That's what I would do. Really easy tool I like to do is go to cockatoo.com. And I can literally go to cockatoo.com and hold up one second.

I forgot which one I have. All right. And then inside of here, I can upload this.

And boom. View transcripts. All right.

I'll let that get a second while we kind of go through this. No, no, not to bother. Ask the millennials what they do for their mental health.

So, help me out here. Yeah, I actually could easily do exactly the same thing except asking moms. I don't have insurance.

Oh, how moms treat depression without insurance. That's a good one right there. Okay, so that also makes me think something else.

Solutions, they fell that. Maybe objections. I don't have enough money for this.

I don't know if we're going to solve that or not, but at least that's something that I've learned now from that. A big thing that we're solving that's much more affordable. what you see first reveals your depression level.

That's interesting. I've never seen an ad like that one. That's a good one.

I don't know if we're going to use it or not, but I'm going to save it. I wouldn't use that. Finding a look.

So I'm actually running one of these text doc ads right here for my personal brand, and it's actually working extremely well. So that's something for all y'all to try. You literally just open up the notes app in your phone, and you can literally just create it and screenshot it, and boom, that's your ad right there.

You don't need to do anything inside of Photoshop, Figma, or anything like that. Finding these. These are all decent ones.

I like these because they're all different angles too. Oh, your journey to feeling better. I like that.

this is good. So that's the other my ADHD planner all of this as well. All right.

So that's cool. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. And on top of that, you're having to adjust to like this thing screaming and crying multiple times throughout the night. So there's so much you have to adjust.

So I actually really like that. You deserve to feel supported and heard during this critical time. So Prospera is designed specifically for new moms, make it easy and convenient to get mental health care tailored to your unique postpartum needs with affordable virtual access professionals understand your journey.

Obviously, it's not gonna be completely tailored to yours. But then you can just come there and tweak from this range of service food therapy, nutrition, you know, goes along with the character of Prosperita. Okay, cool.

So let's see, let's see, like this. I'm going to do file, make a copy. So let's see, add ideas for Traya.

Yeah. There we go. And then we can always come back.

These are always gonna be like rough drafts right now. We can come back and tweak those. That's what I like to do.

As I'm working doing my research, getting ideas and stuff like to add all those rough drafts, and I'll have a big list of rough drafts that can go back and tweak a lot easier when you have to add an idea in the moment, then to like try to come up and formulate that later down the line. Okay, I think we're pretty much good with this because I really want to get into some of the other stuff. Do you know is it because the question in my mind is always like, are these ads good?

Like, how do we know if it's good? Is it sorted in any particular way? Yeah, so a couple things.

So one, you can see how long it's been running. So like this one right here has been running for a C 67 days. Let me double check this really quick.

Let's put it. Yeah, so time running is 67 days. If something's been running for 67 days, and it's still active.

Likelihood is probably good. Okay. But if I just did just mental health, for example, there's a lot on here like this one was running, you know, for 100 days, but it's currently off right now.

Like these are all off. So if they're off, likely, they're probably not working. Or they were working, but this they got turned off because they were no longer working or, you know, who knows, maybe the business got shut down, to be fair.

Yeah. So always like to do still running. And then that's going to give me my better what I would say, quality of ads from there.

And I'll typically look for ads that either a they catch my attention or be they they've been running for a long period of time. So long period of time and still running or be they're still running and just simply catch my attention. Like I like to create a format that they leverage right there.

So and if you look at this, there's a lot of different creative formats that were leveraged through this. And that's usually where I'll take our winning ad from there, like your current winning ad right now taking that and it will apply these different creative format types to it. That's what I'll be looking at as well.

All right, a little bit further. I want to go to take talk to talk to my favorite places for research, just because it's, it allows me to consume a lot of information really fast. Because there's tons of people making it making content around that.

I don't know why, but my tick tock just automatically saved the minnow belly because I spent like a long time doing research for minnow belly. So this is a great example. I see it open my tick tock every day or my show is minnow belly right away.

But what I'm gonna do is post, let's just do postpartum depression. Postpartum depression, and then we'll start from there. And then we'll kind of dive down.

Postpartum depression is going to be a little bit more problem aware, because that's the actual problem. Whereas like anxiety after erasing thoughts after birth is going to be more of a symptom. So that'll be more unaware right there.

And then obviously your solution where it's going to be, you know, therapists. So it's just going to go through some of these. Suppression also known as PPD.

Think of this as a more serious version of the baby blues. This affects about one in seven people who give birth, and that number may actually be higher if we're not diagnosing it in everybody. So it is super common.

Common symptoms with this are feelings of depression, fatigue. You don't want to get off the couch. You do not feel any sort of bond with your baby.

In fact, you don't maybe you don't even want to be around them. You may even have thoughts of harming yourself. Let's see.

So she is, this is just problem. In some symptoms. To be not.

To be. Yeah. Here, baby.

To be. To be. To be.

To be. To be. To be.

To be. To be. To be.

To be. To be. To be.

To be. Wonder's Wild pen COVID. To be.

To be. millisecond of doctor. To be.

Here. Next I'm looking at racism suddenly. Five.

And League of depression, scientists. You have really, really, really, really. Life and.

To be on the night. Yes. Thanks.

I mean, you have this. Once more. But however.

Mine started the night I gave birth. Also, this is a great example right here. You can actually see what people are like kind of agreeing.

A lot of people are liking it. A lot of people are kind of in agreement as well. Like, yeah, mine did too.

Also, I like the most terrifying time of my life. I like that. Let me go.

I'll just start copying stuff down as I go. Cool thing about foreplay too is foreplay, you can save all of these as well to your dashboard if you want, if you like anything in here. A lot more moms suffer from PPA.

So basically the anxiety side, which I think if you've already told me multiple times, Andrea, about the anxiety versus the actual depression side. It's a great question right here. People have had reoccurring miscarriages.

I don't know if you do any therapy around that. That's also something right there. It could just be a potential new avatar.

I wouldn't say that's like a new ad angle, but a whole avatar that you could satisfy. Yeah, that's one of our avatars for sure. Miscarriage.

Thank you. I'm struggling with this right now. All right.

Let's get through a couple more of these. A lot of people, it's probably like the second one that I've seen within like a, literally within the first week, basically, they're starting to build this. Mm-hmm.

I really like that. Yeah, it's a great example right there. Amin, they keep using the word struggling, might be useful for ad copy.

That's absolutely correct. That's a great shot to start. Oh, I didn't know who to talk to about.

I love that. That's a good one. Okay.

I made the mistake of thinking just because my postpartum experience, I made the mistake of thinking just because my postpartum experience at the beginning was so perfect that I had escaped postpartum depression. I had it really bad with my first child, and I was doing so well, and just got a little cocky. I wasn't prepared for the surge of hormones that hit.

It just feels really dark and really bad. I don't have a solution. I'm still not totally regulated.

I still feel messy, but here I am, and I hope that someone watching this sees themselves in me. I'm just going to get up and feed my baby. I'm going to go to the bathroom, drink a glass of water, and start from there.

We can do hard things, even though it doesn't feel like it. Andrea, this is a great example right here of like, I don't know about you, but like I almost want to give this lady a hug. Like, hey, it's going to be okay.

So, this is a great example right here of how much emotion was pouring through her in her voice as she was talking. Literally, as something as simple as like at the end of this, she started to go into how she started talking to like a person at Prospera. That would have been a phenomenal ad right there.

But the key thing there is the emotional aspect. If she was talking like how I'm talking right now, high energy, uplifting and stuff like that, people would be like, no, that she's not struggling at all. Like you can tell in just her voice and, you know, it's almost like she's kind of struggling to make some of the words form as she's talking about it.

Like, that's powerful right there. Like, I literally want to give this lady a hug after watching this. So, I'm going to save that one.

Oh, wait, it's not saving. All right, I'm just going to copy this. You don't even know how we're, I think right here.

ashamed to take the medication. Ah, that's a good one. So, for those who are watching right now, and basically the key thing I'm doing right here is I have no clue.

I mean, I have some context of what Andrea does and everything, but I have no clue really what our customers are like. So, this is just basically my ability right now to start learning a little bit more from our customers, what language they're using, what are they talking about, all of those key things right there. So, that way, when I actually go to put pen on paper, it's easy for me.

Because like right now, I really can't put pen on paper because I'm still gaining that context, right? And that's why when a lot of you guys ask me, Hey, Nick, how long do I need to do research for? It depends.

Depends on how complex the product is. If it was like writing an ad real quick for one of y'all with a t-shirt and hearing it, it'd be easy. But for more complex products, which I'm actually super glad that we got a complex product to do, because this is where the real learnings happen as a copywriter.

Okay. Getting a lot of people saying within literally one week, then the first week. So, that's also a big one for me.

Hmm. Hmm. Going into a dark place.

Okay. like almond said there's a lots of people saying struggling feeling lonely and draining let's say emotionally training going through this this girl right here as she talks you can tell she's emotionally drained in this creative actually i would love to do postpartum oh this is a good one right here i love this it's an ad right here andre because i remember i i've even told you to do this um you show someone emotionally upset um i know i've sent you an extreme example of this um but this is a really good one right here when you're trying to basically position yourself as an authority in the space this is a really good ad right here or a good concept from depression this is all right and this is also something else that i recently started doing new i learned this in um what you call it uh vid summit is start writing down key visuals so key visuals girl crying um girl holding baby i'm just writing down key things that i'm kind of seeing in this content as well this is a big deal it's also not rare it's thought that one in nine women may stop oh that's a good creative right there for a photo ad i'm sorry mom i didn't make you make you sad that's such a good one right there from um just say yeah take a photo ad right there do a split screen and something like that and then have your offer on the other side i like that you three years wow no support so there's a lot of people that are just talking about that support aspect which i love that because that's where andrea you come in from the support perspective nick there's a comment under uh megan right above the very bottom one i think that one's pretty cool where maybe there just isn't access or people don't know there's access oh no no one more one more yeah if you can uh right above the highlighted comment oh this one yeah yeah if you can get into the therapy oh that is a good one right there that's a good uh questions or objection just a question and i'll tell her what she means by get into therapy is it more of a um price particular thing or is it like health insurance approving it right there that's a good question right there there's weight the problems are wait lists so it's hard to sort of find someone doesn't have a wait list cost those are the biggest barriers it's a good one yeah that's what i was thinking when i pointed it out yeah oh i don't want to tell anymore because i don't want to be taken away from me yeah all right i think we're getting there i think we have some good stuff now all right so a couple things i'm seeing here is that just from a macro perspective i'm seeing a lot of symptoms i'm not really seeing many people actually talking about postpartum depression or postpartum anxiety um it's more just like i had all these symptoms after birth and that's it um a lot of this tick tock content is people actually like educating people on what these symptoms are so it's making people problem aware which problem aware is postpartum depression i have postpartum depression i have postpartum anxiety um i don't really see anyone to be fair that's talking about solutions they failed with um you know like hey i was a therapist or hey i went to like a medication i've seen like one comment now so far about medicine um i've seen one comment or two comments not about therapy but very very few likes very few things so it's showing me that people are not really completely resonating with those solutions right there um so i definitely don't see this as like a quote-unquote solution aware market um i would say i would be testing um problem aware ads calling out you know basically saying like hey do you have postpartum depression or postpartum anxiety um you know talk to a like here's the best way to get that support you need um that's one problem i'll be going after and then symptoms you have a lot of symptoms you have the symptoms of loneliness you have the symptoms of like literally feeling like you can't be trusted with your child um you have the symptom of you know consistent fatigue consistent emotional rain that this is happening on you right now um that's that's things right there that i'd be looking at more from like the system symptom side and then diagnosing them with that postpartum pressure anxiety um and then going into uh you know that hey we're here for you in that sense we're that outlet to talk to you talk with you and give you those coping tools you need so that's kind of what i'm starting to look for now can i start to diagnose the market and kind of diagnose the um be able to tell that story a little bit right there and that's kind of how i know it's not like enough to quote quote unquote start writing just a boy you don't understand so key visuals to girl crying girl holding baby girl crying holding baby another word i've seen a lot is drowning drowning okay drowning that's a good one yeah so let's see antoine yeah antoine said this is good um they don't seem to know what the solution is that's great so it means this is not a solution aware market this is also how i'm how i'm determining is this solution aware is this problem aware is this um you know unaware and all i'm seeing is a lot of unaware stuff um the videos are calling out the symptoms and in diagnosing with postpartum depression or anxiety and what is it the anxiety or depression that's more common anxiety i know we've seen it in a comment i just want to make sure 100 okay surrounded by people and still feel alone alone in a crowded room alone in a crowded room alone in a crowded room i would love to see that as like a key visual too All right. And then something else you'll start to notice in your research is once you start to kind of see the same things, appear over and over and over.

That's kind of when I feel like also on top of that, okay, I either need to change the platform I'm on or B, maybe I need to start looking at my research and actually start to look at, okay, what's the more specific question I'm looking for right now? So like right now, I'm just, my first question was, how do I better understand this market right now? That's my first goal.

Now that I'm starting to understand it a little bit more, I'm starting to understand the symptoms, I'm starting to understand the problem. Now I want to start looking at, okay, what am I missing to start writing? That's what I'd be looking at next.

Right now, I would say the main thing I'm looking for right now is almost kind of like seeing, like we're seeing the loneliness factor. We're seeing the, you know, that's a big one right there. We're seeing the emotional draining.

That's a big one right there. I would almost want to say like, if I had a clear day in my life, that would also make it like really easy for me. And I know there's definitely probably one or two of those on TikTok.

So I'm just kind of going through this a little bit more before I kind of do that actual search right there. Postpartum rage. That's an interesting.

Yeah, that's another persona we have. Yeah, Zach, a lot of people are prompted by their partner. So Zach says targeting the partner to get his help.

So a lot of people are prompted by their partner to get help. So that is a common trigger to start looking for options. Be interesting if you ran a creative exactly like this.

Two men, but to be fair, it's mostly women in there. Yeah. Darkest time of my life.

Let me guess Facebook. All right. That's an interesting one right there.

You have the entire world in your arms and feeling so alone, empty, and angry. So Andrea, something that you can do. I don't know if you're doing anything organic on TikTok, but I would 100% be doing this if I was you, is just go start organically posting on TikTok.

Find all of these videos and stitch them. Do the green screen stitch with all of them. And give your expert opinion.

And it's going to establish yourself as an expert in this space. And that's going to just give you some free traffic, basically. It's like what I do with my Instagram.

I have a lot of just me stitching people's stuff with Instagram and like compliance and our comments and stuff like that about Facebook ads. It really helps. that lonely is popping up a lot in our research i don't know have you tried a lot about lonely okay that's definitely something i'm looking to okay oh fog in your brain crippling anxiety and exhaustion oh she gave a really good comment i like that it's a little bit more descriptive let's take it real quick obviously cringling every day your your crippling anxiety they didn't just say anxiety they said crippling anxiety they didn't say fatigue they said exhaustion so sometimes your word choice also to just be able to learn descriptive sounds a lot more powerful remember my mom telling me before i had camp she was like i had postpartum depression so bad with you like that could never happen to me i could never not want my baby or like oh this is such a good one too from like the framing of it i just remember like sitting in the rocking chair one day and being like i am not okay yeah like i i like don't i've this is everything i've ever dreamt of and i don't like imagine that podcast style if like as she's going through the same that little podcast thing right there she would say like the only thing that's helped me was prosper and doing those calls and stuff like that like that's your that's your money shot right there basically of what you need like all these girls that are breaking down and clearly are like very emotional in this scene like you can literally feel their emotions that's the type of stuff that like if you've leveraged would work really well for you because one it's going to fill up more organic but two it's powerful at the same time so am i finding actors who would do that or like how do i then sort of create that this is where this is this is a tricky thing right here so what i would be looking at number one actors that specifically have gone through this because you know me just giving this to someone who like never ever had a kid whatever like they'll do a decent job but to really be able to be articulate about it um i would try to find more of like some of your superstar customers who can bring to life with this um that might be challenging due to the nature of the business and the privacy some of these people like but that would be the ultimate win the next ultimate win would be hey can i hire an actor that can go spend a week really understanding this and be able to break down and talk about this in front of the camera that'd be your next level literally the way i cried because you took the words from my mouth i was in such a dark place so people are resonating with this yeah all right all right cool let's start actually start looking at a couple other things now because this is this is a lot of good feedback like i'll literally spend like i think the other night i spent like four hours one night just one tiktok just doing this exact thing right here and i was able to identify like four or five customer avatars for a particular uh client and you're gonna get so much good useful information um again the reason why i love tiktok so much for research because if i go to like youtube and stuff like that um it's just gonna be longer form videos which are still good don't get me wrong about long form videos they're good but um it's it just takes so much longer to cut through the content it's quicker to cut through content on the uh instagram reels um and i mean look so far it's not really many like people bringing and talking about their personal experience it's just a lot of like more professional shot content on youtube so almost that amateur level of tiktok will also be a little bit more raw a little bit more real um and again it'll just differ per product there's some products that i would prefer youtube over uh you know tiktok for like research and stuff like that so um okay cool let's start looking at potentially start writing some of the first few ads i'm gonna get a decent amount of research done um what i like to try to do is write a story and i'll show you guys that what that looks like real quick not my story a story so in a sense of like hey my customer my customer just gave birth a week ago since we saw a lot of people say about literally between three to seven 11 days so we can even tend to uh split up your customer avatar not just post natal or postpartum it could also be like a ton different time frames a week three months 30 days 90 days you can actually try to extend that a little bit more and then this is where we start to look at what do they feel right um let's see if a week ago and they are all right and we'll start transitioning to so my customer just gave birth a week ago and they're starting to feel symptoms of postpartum anxiety they do not know it's postpartum anxiety but they feel the following symptoms crippling anxiety extreme loneliness emotional fatigue and struggling to get through the day they do not know who to talk to or what kind of support they need they feel helpless um all right now i can kind of like i don't know if you guys can like start to like mentally start to visualize this now uh now what i like to also start to do is start to push in the product as well notice i'll put start overcoming this in as little as one session i didn't say overcome this in one session but starting the journey of it in one session as well because i know it's multiple sessions it's not just a one and done all right we we talked about price real quick for this um is your solution cheaper than a therapist from the price perspective what is what is that it's a we use the phrase the fraction of the cost of traditional therapy and there are therapists who specialize in it but they're going to be typically at least 200 a session so that's kind of how we frame it like a therapy therapists who specialize in postpartum are going to be really expensive at least 200 a session ours is as little as 47 a session got it okay so it's not that they're not specialists but if you find a specialist they tend to be very expensive so this will kind of go against some of the ads that you created though where you said like hey like you know we're specialists when it comes down to this right there's so they're very hard to find they're few and far between which makes them expensive um so it's hard to find someone or hard to find someone who doesn't have a wait list or who's affordable and so we're sort of making it much easier to get access to that specialist okay let's see i'm gonna say weird yeah we're cheaper than a therapist how do you like to call yourself again postpartum coaches uh yeah i don't like network but that's a start team team through our team yeah that sounds a lot better all right my customer mom just gave birth a week ago and they're starting to feel symptoms of postpartum anxiety they do not know it's postpartum anxiety but they feel the following symptoms crippling anxiety extreme loneliness emotional fatigue and struggling to get through the day they do not know how to talk or they do not know who to talk to or what kind of support they need they feel helpless traditional postpartum therapists who specialize in this are often two times more expensive than a conventional therapist and have a long wait list our product prospera helps them overcome postpartum anxiety and makes them feel better this is through our team of postpartum coaches we give them the coping tools coping tools they need start overcoming this as little as one session i like they need i don't care very really all right awesome andrea is this kind of close to what uh you would you say this is kind of accurate right here yeah very accurate yeah very good cool oh all right let me just check the comments real quick all right um um you need a there you need a postpartum coach with a thick with thick skin that would be an interesting little um like image ad right there my reply here i just gave a one of our reviews to sort of offset the darkness of it that like we can we can really help um help women out of this so so i kind of had this question that one had about the it's like do do we want to talk about therapists here if we're focusing on that problem aware or even unaware market so for the therapist side that's where we're looking at solution aware right these people don't know these people don't know they need a therapist at all um these people don't even know what the problem is right it's a lot of just symptoms so but if you look at antoine i don't start talking about a therapist until later on in this little like little thing i just wrote right here um basically this is like me kind of technically like writing a story of someone going through this plus also starting to plug in my product like this would be a phenomenal ad right here for just someone to like basically ball out in front of the camera and ball out in terms of like a girl crying and literally talking about this right here i just gave i just gave birth a week ago and then you know little did i know i started experiencing symptoms of postpartum anxiety but i had no clue i had postpartum anxiety um but i was struggling with anxiety and tremolones like all the things like that like that would kind of be going into that like in an ad right there um that's one angle um i would also take as well so what i'm going to do with this is this is kind of like my information um this is like my biography that i'm gonna give chat gpt because again i don't recommend you using ai to write ads but i do recommend it from the perspective of i'm giving it the research like i don't want to use ai to do the research for me because let's just say for example we just started this call and i said all right cool chat gpt do the research for me you would not have been able to feel the emotions of these girls if you just had chat gpt do it for you and if you couldn't feel the emotions then you would have never been able to understand what's kind of like like yeah chat gpt is telling me you know um they're crying they're feeling lonely but i don't really know to the extent right are they telling me they're they feel lonely and like talking in this uh mindset like like i am right now or voice i am right now or are they telling me they feel lonely and crying in front of the camera like you're gonna you're gonna take and weight that in your mind in two different extremes so that's also why like i still personally like to do all the research manually because it doesn't really allow me to figure out where do i wait wait different things at so that's a couple things i like to look at um and then what we're going to do here is we're going to do something very basic um here is a bio on our customer please use this to create me uh hooks using the templates below template below boom and then put templates this is a little bit of a pain today all right so we go build less alone start seeing results in just one session get relief from postpartum anxiety as little as one session so that's that's this is a great example right here unaware is this problem aware is this half the cost note waitlist your postpartum support starts now with prosper that's definitely a lot more uh solution aware right here because they've actually checked out like other um she'd say like other things let prosper to lift the weight of postpartum anxiety off your shoulders oh that's a good one finally a solution that makes you feel heard understood and supported feeling overwhelmed just one session for prosperity coach can start turning things around so i would probably do instead of feeling overwhelmed i would just literally call it the fact that it's postpartum anxiety mm-hmm just one session yeah all right she thought she was just having a hard day until prosper to help her fill whole again i'd probably tweak that again to a little bit more like prosper or like postpartum anxiety um no more wait lists or high fees postpartum support is just one click away it's a good one thousands of moms trust prosper to get their lives back on track after your childbirth prosperity coaches gives you tools so this is a little leaning towards the more the solution aware side um here's what i'm gonna do these are all very good and i like these i'm not actually going to copy them because these are some there's some really good good ones in here but it's still leaning a little too solution aware but and nick the prompt there was use this bio to create hooks following this format and then you pasted the yeah the those hooks concepts okay so look let me just boom give all of this over to you once right after this are you learning a thing or two or is like i'm learning i'm learning i feel badly because i'm it's focused on my thing but hopefully there's some things oh hey you've won fair and square looks like the retention in the call is still pretty high too so i'm really hoping all y'all learning something too right now yeah drop like a one in the chat if uh you're learning something or you're sweet sweet there you go okay i don't feel i feel less guilty trust me they're learning so much more by using your product than if we did something like a t-shirt because yours is more complex and because of the complexity two of it that's that's how you become a better marketer is work on more complex projects so uh like if i just sold t-shirts for example it's very easy to compete in that niche but when i work on more complex projects that's where i have the most fun because that's what challenges my skill set it makes me start to like push my um that's how i grow essentially it's like if you go to the gym every day and just do the bar on bench press and it's like i'm really great at that but like this project right here is like doing like a bar plus two plates when you stop you know 135 pounds it's a little bit more weight but that's how i grow and become better in that sense you I mess up that word every time.

I mess up that word every time. I mess up that word every time. The second thing we also need to do is I also want to kind of make these a little bit more geared towards like first person point of view.

As I feel like that would do a little bit better if you decide to like any UGC videos and stuff like that. I do know you do a lot of graphics. So I'm also going to keep these because the graphics I find do a little bit better with straight selling headlines.

But these some first person point of views can work really good from like a UGC perspective if you would find a girl like this to film a video for you. If you can talk, you can start feeling better. I like that one.

That's a good one. The challenge is that you have to fit mental health. You have to fit postpartum.

And then you have to fit some part of the solution all in there. I think that's the biggest challenge. And that's also where your landing page comes in play.

So, you know, like this is where like I'm going to start off your editorial. Now, to be fair here, looking at this landing page now, I feel all that research. This just doesn't strike me anymore.

It's like, you know, I just did all this research. I got all this like kind of idea of what my ideal customer is. And I come here and I see your mental health isn't just about you anymore.

Yeah, we definitely have to make some tweaks on this too as well. So, let's all look at it. All right.

This is great. Please make sure. All right.

All right. All right. All right.

All right. All right. All right.

All right. All right. All right.

All right. All right. All right.

All right. Oh, for the first time since giving birth, I woke up feeling less anxious and more ready to face the day. After just one session with Prospera, I thought loneliness was just part of being a new mom and so prospered to help me feel connected again.

That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one.

I'm finally feeling less anxious after childbirth. I'm finally feeling less anxious after childbirth. All right.

All right. So, but what I would say just your static graphics you like to do. to do because I know you like to run a lot of like little static graphics of like headlines and hooks and you can test a bunch of those uh with this um and then from there start turning those into UGC videos it's not my like ideal go-to um but if you want to do a lot of testing really fast to find something decent that works really well um for you to do and then um from there you can uh start turning those UGC videos actually spending the money on that so okay let's actually start turning these now into some of these into a headline um or an actual story real quick a script because we got about 15 minutes left so first thing um sometimes what we have to do is we need to sort through the noise there's a lot of hooks here so um one way is just manually go through all these hooks which I 100% recommend um today I'll be lazy for a second and actually show you guys a lazy thing you can do too as well um if you were a marketing expert and needed to catch the attention of our ideal customer a new mom who is experiencing experiencing those symptoms what how would you organize these hooks from order uh most likely to convert versus least likely to convert all right if you're a marketing expert and need to catch the attention of our ideal customer a new mom who's experiencing those symptoms how would you organize these hooks from order most likely to convert to least likely to convert if you just had a baby and feel lonely or anxious prosperus can help you start feeling like yourself again I just had a baby why do I feel so lonely and anxious prosperus can help me start feeling better in just one session this is how you expertly write copy with chat cpt see the reason why AI gets so much hate for copywriting is because people literally go into chat cpt write me a facebook ad and then the first thing it pushes out they copy that and they launch it in facebook but I mean look we're we started this at 1 30 it's 2 48 now we're hour end of research about 15 minutes of organizing our thoughts and tossing some things in chat gpt then now we're starting to get some of those those hooks we can actually leverage there I really like these yeah these look really good one question about the lonely thing my concern is would that confuse them about what it is because when you say this will help you feel less lonely than you think like mom group it's a good question yeah so that is a good question right there um that's why we kind of try to add as much context as well with if you if you just had a baby and feel lonely or anxious so we're kind of also adding a little bit of context right there um i think the the aspect of adding the anxious aspect right there also helps out a lot but it's not just hey i feel lonely because you bring up a good point right there um also let's add the context of a girl crying kind of you know tears down her face when she's talking about this that's going to be a little bit different than just hey i needed a mom group support group from there all right let's just uh if you just had a baby and feel lonely or anxious person help you start feeling like yourself again all right so a couple things else too we're implying we're um we're doing everything from our like ideal audience but we're not intriguing curiosity and which is like basically if you just had a baby and feel lonely or anxious you need to watch this versus prosperity can help you start feeling yourself again um this this is losing that curiosity factor so this is also to where the next step of like okay hey like we need to add that curiosity factor to this so this is where i'll start doing kind of like my manual writing as well um so let's just go here let's just do pacify formatting if you just had a baby and feel lonely or anxious you need to watch this asap or you need to watch this um how to stop feeling lonely or anxious after giving birth um so key things here is what i'm doing here is i'm basically intriguing that curiosity to like actually want to go through and watch this um where if i just say in the hook um let's go back to our hook right there if you had a baby and feel lonely or anxious as far as can help you start feeling yourself again that's just a statement right there now to be fair here this statement works good on the image ad but for a video where i need to hook someone in and make them want to watch the video i need to kind of um to to kind of leave them hanging in the clip hanger here i don't want to just tell them everything in the hook because there's no reason to watch the video everything in the clip here i'm gonna copy that too as well you have a lot of headlines i like this something that's in the build up is something that's in the build up is looking for my stripping script my book by the way guys i go through all of this in my book you guys are just seeing a real time literally a real-time version of this all right there we go reinforced desire that's what i was looking for i don't know why the life of me i couldn't figure that out right now there we go becoming a mom is beautiful but no one could tell no one told you how lonely it could feel maybe you're feeling anxious most strain or struggling to get through the day it's not what you expected and you're just not sure where to turn you're not alone prosperity was great to help moms just like you give you giving you support tools you need to start feeling better fast start feeling yourself again in just one session just one session prosperity connects you with a certified postpartum coach who understands what you're going through no more feeling lost no more waiting for help prosperity supports just one quick away okay that's not bad i wouldn't say that's terrible at all um let's see let me do something real quick uh just give me voice over he just had a baby and fell lonely actually you need to watch this becoming a mom is beautiful no one told you how lonely it could feel that's a good one right there that's an objection a great objection one kind of like you're handling the objection before it starts because it's like that is something that probably no one's brought up you know in terms of like the pregnancy world um um this is amazing so this is great please read uh please strip them it's probably won't look at a little bit deep for the um for the script how did you prompt for the script the first time so i picked the book and just said hey great man okay All right.

If you just had a baby and feel lonely or anxious, you need to hear this. Becoming a mom is beautiful, but no one told you how overwhelming it could feel. The exhaustion, the anxiety, the loneliness, it can feel like there's no way out.

But what if you could start feeling like yourself again today? Prosperity is made to help you overcome these feelings, give you the confidence and peace you deserve. Imagine waking up tomorrow with more energy, less anxiety, and finally feeling connected again.

Prosperity makes that possible. One session of our certified postpartum coach can start making a difference right away. Not weeks from now, not months from now, today.

All right. This is way too long. So what I'll do is please shorten.

Double space each line. I just, I like it. Boom.

Almost like a tweet. Just easier to consume when you're doing the rough draft. Okay.

Okay. All right. Awesome.

It actually looks good. I like that. And I'll look, last thing I want to add, this is where I'm going to start kind of tweaking it now.

We have a pretty good base. Let's go to our ad ideas. Okay.

Okay. Okay. You just had a baby for loneliness.

You need to hear this. All right. So first things first, implied benefit, intrigue, curiosity, ideal audience.

Ideal audience, if you just had a baby. Implied benefit. So this is where instead of implied, a benefit can be escape danger or grow closer to pleasure.

That's how I'll look at it. So this is kind of one where it's like, hey, if you feel lonely or anxious and then you watch this, I'm hinting at the fact that you'll never feel that way again. Or I'm hinting at the fact that there's possibly something that could be put in there.

Right there. Becoming a mom is beautiful. No one told you how overwhelming it could feel.

Exhaustion, anxiety, the loneliness. It can feel like there's no way out. But what if you could start feeling yourself again today?

My spirit was made to help you overcome those feelings. Imagine waking up tomorrow with more energy and less anxiety. One thing that we didn't do too much research on is what is on the other side of postpartum depression, anxiety, all the symptoms and stuff.

Obviously, our audience wants to escape from it. But what do they visualize? Obviously, they want a normal momhood.

But what is a normal momhood to them? Is it the idea of being able to take their kids for a walk in the morning and not having to freak out on them or something like that or worry about the freak out or something? What are those different scenarios that they normally kind of mess up in right now?

And what do they visualize that they want to happen? A great example is one of my dogs right now, my newer dog. He's only 11 months old right now.

Every time I take him for a walk, originally, he was extremely bad on the leash. He would want to jump up, pull, yell, cry when I walk in my neighborhood. What I visualize of what I want is being able to just walk him in peace, just perfectly on the side of me, no problems at all.

That's what I want. So talking a little bit more about that in this script, which we didn't do too much research on because there's so much on the problem side with this and the symptoms side of this one. That would be one thing that I'd be looking to add a little bit more to it, you know, in terms of like tweaking, improving the script a little bit more.

Prosperity makes it possible. Once I have certified postpartum coaches, certified postpartum coaches can start making a difference right away. Now, weeks from now, today, you have a partner every step of the way.

No more waiting for an appointment. No more struggling in silence. Thousands of moms have already trusted Prosperity.

So if you'll experience personalized support from experts who understand exactly what you're going through, imagine a weight being lifted off your shoulders, the fall giving anxiety clearing. Prosperity helps you take control of your mental health. All right.

I don't like click below and start making your journey to feeling better. This is where I would kind of like book your first session free today almost where it's almost like kind of like first sessions free, which technically for Andrea is a consult. Because you have to kind of consult with them a little bit to see if they're a good fit, right?

Yeah. So you can kind of do that as like your first session today. I do this.

This works extremely well on my YouTube channel where I'll just like literally at the end of the video be like, hey, book a free strategy session below with me below if you're making at least $100,000 a month. And to be fair, we don't really talk much on that strategy call and they're like blown away by the value. So there's a certain level of when they feel understood on that call, that's going to make them feel really good on that call, even though it's not like a technically like a strategy session.

So and I know you're making them feel understood and giving them that hope. That's going to make them like super excited. Yeah.

So that's our main focus of that at that call. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. So I do like book your first free session today. Your first free session today.

That could be a good one right there. Let's see. Another thing I like to do is.

Honestly, I would probably just do that because we're leading off with mental health. And then when we get to your thing. You're talking about mental health.

So that would be a perfect segue to where to start at. And instead of consult, I would definitely try like strategy session or like book your first session for zero dollars. That might resonate with them a little bit better.

All right. Cool. And we're going to start wrapping this up.

Cool. Next thing from here is. Okay.

Okay. So a couple of different ways for this is now what you can do is take your script. We have a script now.

Is going ahead and actually putting that into chat GPT and adding B roll. There we go. B roll is technically kind of like what you visually show.

So a new mom sitting in a quiet room, holding her baby, looking tired and emotionally distant, gazing out a window. I mean, look, to be fair, one of our key visuals was a mom holding her baby. This is a mom holding her baby right here.

The only difference is I'll probably tweak this to maybe like a mom crying and holding her baby. Become a mom is beautiful. I told you shots of the same mom smiling at her baby, but quickly shifting moments of her looking stressed, rubbing her forehead and sighing.

The exhaustion, the anxiety, the loneliness, closeups of her trying to nap, but unable to fall asleep. Oh, I know exactly what visual we should do for that one. That one.

That would be a good one right there. Yes. Like that needs to be in there.

This needs to be in here. This needs to be in here for the, let's see, that one. Cool.

All right. Probably a better way we could do that. Okay.

Oh, that'd be cool. Or actually like a mom sitting down in front of the computer and then like holding her baby, talking to someone online. That'd be pretty cool.

Starting to showcase and paint that picture. That's really good. All right.

Split screen. One-on-one side. She's using her phone for virtual coasting session with Prosperita.

On the other side, she's calmly attending to her baby with a more confident, happy expression. Cool. All right.

So I like a lot of this. I'm going to copy this because there's one more thing we've got to do here before we're ready to submit this. There we go.

Cool. Over to B-roll. Tweet that.

That'd be the next thing. And then what we need here is we need. We have our three visual hooks.

Right now we have basically a mom sitting down holding her baby. So we could try two more different visual hooks. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Oh, the new mom sitting on her bed, holding her phone, scrolling through social media.

She sees posts of other moms with their baby smiling and connected while she looks isolated. Close up her face showing her eyes, well, you can put tears as she strolls past pictures. Baby's crying softly in the background.

She glances. That's an interesting one. That's a very interesting one right there.

You can do literally like a girl like scrolling through her phone and like just showing a bunch of babies on Facebook and she's just doing the angry face on a phone. That would be an interesting one. It'd be kind of close on the branding aspect and the mood we're trying to put people in, but that'd be one of those like offset ones I'd probably try.

Okay. Cool. Cool.

Yeah. That's like some other ones right there. Cool.

Yeah. That's like some other ones right there. Um, I'm not a fan of that one, but I like this one to an extent.

So what I would do is, um, visual hook number one. Um, it's just going to be basically the original right here. Um, there we go.

There we go. Two. Two.

I really want to do this one. Um, I really want to do this one. Um, and visual hook number three.

Three. There we go. So it's kind of like three different locations.

She's in one. She's in a room. It could be like, uh, sitting in a quiet room.

This could be like the, uh, sitting in the, uh, is it nurseries with moms call it. Mm-hmm. So now you have three different kinds of settings and here you go.

There we go. So you'd basically get them to film. Obviously the original visual hook is already in the script, but you would get them to, uh, to do that.

I don't like how chat GPT formatted this. Let me do. Okay.

Let's go. Okay. Let's go.

Okay. Oh, okay. Hold on.

Let's see. oh, There we go. That's all, that's how I.

I have it. Like formation. Oh, all tails.

so what i'll be doing next to andrea is here's one angle you're attacking this now and i gave you let me go all the way down to like the official the ordered ones let's see should i put the ordered ones i guess i didn't put the ordered ones in there i'll probably that for you but i basically be going now and looking at some of those other ones that i put in there and i'd be looking at um i'd be looking at putting those in your uh your list so my question is sort of what do i do next because like would you hire someone to create this because this is sort of beyond my my own i mean i can do some of the b-roll but i just have to rely on the you know the yes here this is usually where we'll go and hire someone now from like um instance for example or if you know someone i know you have like your own little connection as well yeah i think i get really um insecure about giving that direction of how to create the clip and just like i don't feel like i know how to direct them and then get what i want so i really don't do that i like procrastinate on that i never do that yeah yeah that's what that's that's super important right there yeah and look let me do is i'm gonna actually put this all the way up for you so so you got to see two different examples today you got to see us going literally just recreate an ad from a competitor um i know that was like hours ago but you got to see that aspect right there so that's one way and then the second way now come down to um actually going through that whole process of research using chat gpt using some of the tools you have at hand and being able to use those tools in a way that makes sense as well to get that high quality output that you're looking for um the next thing that you essentially do from here is is you would actually go and test obviously you test like this one for example and then you would also look at let me find that big ass list for you all right it's this one right here so like this is your big list of hooks um and what i would do is i would start going in like all right what are the ones that are the most different from each other and what are the ones that uh the reason why i say the most different because if they all seem similar guess what it's not going to create a new winning ad um and then also two what are ones that maybe you could just like you don't have to do a video ad for all of these you know you could easily go create a photo ad with one of these um let's see so like this one right here get relief from post form anxiety in one session all right here is my hook please create me five engaging facebook image mad ideas and let's just see what pops up right there there we go there we go and there we go and now we just have like five different image ads you can create off of this so something else that for the remaining of you that are on here a few of y'all in here is you'll also know like chat gpt has been having some really amazing outputs this whole call and that's because of that story we told chat gpt way at the beginning that's what like i like to look at as like your operating system for the computer you know when we load in the right operating system of how it should think then everything it makes in decisions based off now is based off that original operating system so cool thing now about for like you andrea is you have that operating system i just wrote for you and you can over time make this longer and more detailed too the more you understand and the more you learn i mean this is just from one research session you're literally in every single day so there's more you can expand on that story and that's also going to help you out as well and then this will just be those photo ads formatting will be a little crazy on the sheet but okay you got like seven different ads just right off of here that you can go create um first off quick questions from you andrea and then i'm just going to kind of do a general census real quick around the group just quick questions related today's lesson we're already like over time by far so we're not going to make it to q a today but uh at least specifically from what y'all learned today i mean i would love to be able to uh further um give to y'all um or like help y'all out understand anything that i did today that may be new or new learnings like that love to help you out so first off on very do you have any questions no i'll let others others go all right cool anyone have any questions specifically related to today's lesson did y'all learn anything new today hey nick hey jim i forgot i was on two devices um uh okay i missed a little bit of when i saw when you were in tick tock i guess directly for me if i'm researching other t-shirt brands um to like look in their comments and things like that like the way you did that i've never thought to do that i've only looked at my own comments um so for me would i just be looking for graphic tees and things like that or would i be looking beyond that when i'm doing my search on social oh so that's a really good one for you because to be fair other graphic tees are going to be the worst place of research for you i'm glad i asked do you know why you know because you're not competing on material you're not competing on fit you're not competing on comfort what are you competing having the best statement on there so being funny yeah and where do you find those statements at in like comedy videos there you go there you go you'll waste your time looking at other competitors because you're not competing on style fit or anything like that you're competing on who has the most interesting design yeah well that's good you got me together thanks nick all right um anyone got anything else specifically related today because yeah oh look hold up antoine just put a bunch of things um would you test this ad out when you've done so little research i would just think i haven't done enough research yet though i even understand what you wrote here why you wrote it seems like you don't overthink ad testing too much yeah look so i went to vid summit about i don't know two weeks ago in dallas that's that's where i went i'm trying to figure out where i went um and i got to talk to everyone i got to talk to people like mr beast's production team i got to talk to a bunch of other youtubers who are doing like a billion views a month like insane numbers and the key thing for them is that the more you overthink everything the less action you take so be okay with taking imperfect action in the beginning and developing your skill set as you go so if you commit to testing five ads every week even if it's the worst five ads you've ever made you're still gonna you're still gonna produce those five ads and as you're in the game and playing the game you're gonna get and develop your skill set better now key thing here is for like the the thing i learned was that the youtuber teams that are doing these crazy numbers like even mr beast's team they have an 85 percent good enough rating and as soon as a video hits 85 they upload it because if you're chasing perfection and this ad has to be a hundred percent perfect that might take you a year to do it might there will always be a little little thing that you have to constantly tweak so it's hey can i can as long as i got the 85 there then let's launch in this particular example yeah i only got to research about an hour um and to be fair i you know i think at least some of that looked pretty good not to toot my own horn but for the most part like that was the best i could write with that hour of research if i would consistently do this every day for the next five days you would see probably completely different ideas come from and that's just a thing of me being in the game for longer playing the game learning a little bit more and taking action um i've talked to thousands of women and what he came up with was was pretty pretty right on consistent with what i hear so yeah i mean there could be imagine if i was like a week straight you know it would be interesting um once you've had the ad right now if it fails in order to make the new one you just redo a different hook pattern iterate depends on the results or has this pretty confident touch right so um i'm assuming that i've never ever ran ads for andrea she's never read ads in her life and i just created the first ad today that's kind of how the assumption i went um that's actually a great idea i think for the next time i do this i'm gonna pick an ad in an account that's already doing good if we can try to iterate off of it um but i'm that's kind of how the assumption i went with today because i have no history on this account what i created today was the most confident thing i could create in that one um in that particular given time now if i was running ads for andrea for a week straight i've done like multiple of these videos and stuff like that and actually start to understand what's going on in the account then i can be like oh i have no confidence in this performing or oh i have confidence in this performing um based off what we saw on tick tock today that's what i'm basing all my confidence on so for example me seeing those girls crying that puts me makes me be like oh wait we need to put a girl crying in that video because it's making me more confident of that performing because of how many views and how many likes and comments those videos had i had confidence in the things we talked about in the script today based off the research today confidence stems from a repetition of things happening and getting the result and me seeing a repetition of those things in the comments and the visuals that's what gives me that confidence um and as far as if this thing didn't work um it really depend on okay why did it work did it get overall spin and it just didn't convert if it got overall spin and did convert well guess what i just need to go and prove the back end the hook was good i just need to improve the back end the rest of script didn't do good um if it didn't get any spin or barely got any spin that shows me the hook needs to be reworked and i'll probably work on that hook a little bit more and depending on how much i change that hook i may need to write a whole new script all right if this was your client how much more time would you normally spend on research before getting to where you ended today um i mean like look we all boarded a new client about i don't know a week ago and i spent like four hours on research um before i put anything together right it just depends right um i think if i was actually doing this one right as she signed on today i would probably spend another two three hours going through tick tock um and i would probably done a little bit more kind of prioritization of different key things that we said um and and that's where i've been like kind of like sorting a little bit more like certain symptoms a little higher than others things like that um but then also too i run an agency so i have to also have a certain level of like okay like we can we have to have that time set of like hey i need this ad by this day so and i still have to get these other things on my plate so like hey this is enough research but today to write this concept and as i write more concepts i have trust and faith in the uh the idea of me doing this research to produce better results as well all right uh tyler raise your hand yeah so with uh cbo you were saying like when you're testing and like if spend takes over on the creative but it doesn't have like a great cpa like it's not performing well you said the rest of the creative needs to be improved not the hook right correct and then so and that's also where i do one iteration so when i say iteration as in like i'm gonna try like that's my theory hey if you got a lot of spin that means it's engaging the hooks pulling people in so one i one of my hypotheses if i fix the rest of the video then it'll fix the rest of the ad how how would you if it doesn't work then i just cut that concept okay how would you because right now i'm running abos right so how obviously my spend's not going to get taken over by a creative how how would you come to that same conclusion with an abo or would you not that's where it's difficult i mean in that sense right there it's difficult to understand that because you're forcing spin to it um so it's it's i can't really come to that conclusion to be fair um do you look at like yeah like i could look at the average hook rate so the hook rate metric it's out of facebook i can look at that hook rate compared to the others and if that hook rate's really low then i could look at that being one of my uh reason things to fix it's you said the metrics called hook rate uh yeah if you go inside the course i i show you all how to set up the um the the hook rate the metrics if you go into like the course on their ad account management i think i have like uh my columns it's either columns or metrics as a lesson that'll show you how to set up hook rate okay all right and also for the other ideas for this first initial test would you continue going through tiktok looking for other ideas for ads right you wouldn't just create variations of this first ad you made um yeah that's correct i mean i would look at that's also where it's like it's taking the full thing into picture and what are the different kind of desires concepts and stuff like that that we can create those larger swings is what i like to say um so like let's say for example uh anxious and loneliness versus um self-harm right there's like one or two uh comments i saw about self-harm right so one mom is feeling self-harm another mom is feeling lonely and anxious another mom is feeling um uh it was where you like you wouldn't bond with the baby right so these are all different types of symptoms that are very like large swings from each other uh so there's some other stuff i would test within that cool any last questions about today's lesson one more one more thing nick so um would would you ever recommend like creating that whole script with the b-roll descriptions and everything and then and then sort of having an agency or something create the the video itself like is that uh yeah i mean it's it's like i don't think you need an agency i think you can easily do like instance first um agency you're looking at start spending a couple thousand dollars to get that produced um but start simple start who do i have in my network that i could leverage then okay i don't have anyone where can i go hire talent cheap um you know you can even test like five or two five or you can hire people for one-off videos i recommend incense because it's just so happy to be the best platform for ugc we've ever worked with um but uh yeah there's also like some modeling agencies too and acting agencies you can reach out to i know some people do that they do uh i think it's backdoor i could be completely wrong but i think it's called backdoor uh where they find that okay cool cool all right any last questions based off what we did today um yeah i just have one quick question um so what we went over today was like creating the first test for a specific concept right for whatever that service or product is for me since i'm kind of ready taking existing content and testing the different concepts like i i'm kind of ready past that point right if i have winning creatives then i just want to focus on iterations and then variations once i find my my best messaging and hook and everything is that right yeah so once you find your winning um i don't say hook but yeah you find your winning hook kind of like the concept that you want that's when you can do some iterations on that concept um change the hook or like just tweak the hook uh do different visual hooks um and then also another thing you can do is kind of maybe tweak the script a little bit and then that's also where you can do the variations right variations is you're saying the same thing but in completely new ways okay so like what filming or what using new visuals on a different uh act like actor i guess would that be an iteration or variation new visuals with the same actor or same actor with new visuals or like just filming filming a new location with a new actor um so what i would be looking at from there is uh that'd be an iteration because as long as everything else stays the same it's just new visuals everything stays the same though okay all right cool any last questions for about specifically related to today's lesson all right awesome i'll post the recording here um give me about an hour or two recording the up great call um i'll make sure to make a note and we can do another one like this except the next time we do this what we'll do is we'll do a call on um iterations and variations where we'll hop in someone's ad account we'll take their highest performing ad and then we'll iterate on that and we'll hop in their account and do the lowest performing ad as well and iterate based off of that as well so uh y'all have yourselves a good weekend and we'll be back here next friday i'll take care have a good one