What is the difference between an amateur media buyer and an advanced media buyer, aka Facebook advertiser, people who are actually running Facebook ads, making marketing decisions for businesses. And today, I'm actually going to dive into five different levels that go from amateur to advanced and kind of a few things about the conversations at each level after my own personal experience of being at those levels, as well as simply just, you know, what would you expect from each of those particular people right there? So before we get started, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency. We help brands scale the six and seven figures a month. We've done somewhere around over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads.

We do high level of, you know, basically consumer psychology and really able to scale accounts up like that. So create all this content completely for free for you guys. Nothing to sell you except if you like what you see and you want us to run your ads, click the link below that says, have Nick run your ads or click the link below that says, have Nick coach you if you would like to be coached by me from a consulting perspective.

So that being said, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into the video. So amateur media buyer versus advanced media buyer.

And like I said, we're going to go over five different stages. Novice, advanced beginner, competent, proficient, and expert. This is like the five levels to mastery or five levels to being an expert.

Just kind of Googled it online, to be honest. Nothing sexy like that. Okay.

But I personally had experience at... Good Lord. I personally had experience at all of these levels as I'm someone who was once a novice.

And now, you know, I categorize myself as an expert, but I still have more room to grow. But at that level right there, this stuff is some high level decisions that we can make. And I'm going to share those with you guys today.

So stage one, novice. Okay. This is simply someone who can log into a Facebook ad account.

And if I give them a list of instructions to follow, they can simply do it. If I give them some creative, give them some copy and tell them I want, you know, a CBO campaign set up this exact way, they could literally just go ahead and boom and do that. Okay.

That's essentially how I started. I recently trained a media buyer from literally zero media buying knowledge to now running and managing all of our ad spend on a monthly basis within 12 months. And that's how it started off.

It was me just giving him three creatives, some copies, tell him that I want a CBO campaign, tell him I want this specific ad set with this specific targeting, and then tell him what the budget I want, stuff like that. And he could simply just go ahead and take that and then copy and paste it into the ad account. Okay.

Essentially, all it was doing was saving me the time of actually going in the ad account, you know, spending time with like uploading ad creatives to the account, you know, the little delay and stuff like that. It allowed me to kind of outsource some of the tasks in that perspective. This is a novice media buyer right here.

Again, very absolute bottom of the pay scale, you know, and I'm going to talk about the pay scale a little bit towards the end where I'm actually going to give you real references of what you could make at each level. Okay. So some of the conversations you might have with this particular person is just, hey, tell me what to do and I'll do it.

Okay. Very simple, straightforward. Again, they can't operate on their own yet, but they can do with something that if you tell them to do something.

Okay. Now, next one is stage two. This is an advanced beginner.

Okay. An advanced beginner can start to identify trends in the ad accounts. Okay.

Just based off what works, what doesn't. And yeah, you'll have typically have some conversations with this particular person, something along the lines of, hey, when we use this video performance works really well. When we use this ad copy, it works really well.

Very, very small talk of just, hey, I noticed this copy works. I know this video works. Okay.

They won't, they can't tell you why though. Okay. Just very important there.

They cannot tell you why it works or what makes them believe it works. They just know that when they put this copy in this, with this particular video or this video in the ad account, it works. That's it.

Now they also can't tell you what concepts either. They just know this video. That's it.

Okay. When I was managing Facebook ads back in 2019, one of my second clients, I found this one particular ad copy that just, every time we use it, it works. So I just kept using it over and over and over to where we like literally had like a hundred ads running with the exact same copy.

Okay. So very straightforward. So advanced beginner, they can also start to navigate the account a little bit more frequent.

I can also give them a little less information now. Now I can just tell them, hey, I want a CBO campaign set up, which is, you know, the usual targeting, blah, blah, blah. And they kind of got a good understanding of the account in that perspective right there.

Okay. Yeah. Advanced beginner.

It's a stage two right there. All right. Now stage three, this is where we're going to get a little bit more competent.

Okay. So now they can start making suggestions about what ads to run based on competitor research. Okay.

So now they're, you know, they, they still taking orders from me and that perspective. They're still taking orders from me. They can tell me what works in the account with videos, with copyworks and stuff like that.

And now they know how to start doing a little bit of research from a competitor standpoint. Okay. Now they can actively go in the market.

They can look at for competitors and they can simply just look and see what's the general theme and trend across the market. Just like they're looking at our account right here. Hey, competitors running UGC.

They're following this flow. They're, you know, putting the product up on the screen in the first three seconds and they're going over a few benefits. Very small talk, but they're starting to get a neck for different, like, you know, key things that's going into creative benefits, testimonials, social proof.

They're starting to understand at a low level, the importance of creative and copy in the account and how it has an overall effect on performance. Okay. Now it's no longer, Hey, it's CBO campaign or ABO campaign.

It's a little bit, Hey, we know the campaign structure does not affect performance and that the performance that we're following is essentially just having winning creatives and winning copy in the account. Okay. Here's what competitors are running.

Here's some things that client, we think you should be running an account as well. This is a competent media buyer right here. Okay.

Just be clear on that. Now stage four is proficient. Okay.

So again, they've been able to start doing some market research. They've been able to do some levels of, you know, understanding what works in the ad account, what doesn't, but now they start to understand what variables about an ad make the ad work. Okay.

So now it's not just this copy works. This copy works because, you know, we're really hitting on this specific problem that shares a mass desire across the market. Okay.

You also start to develop a sense of product positioning against competitors and realize how important a product is. Okay. So something right there is that a lot of media buyers on this channel, I talk a lot about how if you have a shit product, your ads are going to suck.

Okay. So let's see a lot of media buyers on here. Well, how do I tell a client that that's not my job?

Well, yeah, that's the reason why it's not your job is because that's why you're making 20 to $30,000 less than other media buyers that do talk about that shit. Okay. So you can actively now start to understand that, you know, through competitor research and market research, how our product stamps stacks up against other products.

Okay. So you might have a conversation more like this with that particular media buyer. Hey, this ad works better than others because it leverages this messaging.

From my research, a large amount of people share this exact same problem. And that's what allows it to, you know, have such a good, you know, you know, like resonation with the market. And these specific benefits that work really well.

Okay. Also, our competitors are selling an iPhone 14 and we're selling the iPhone 10. We should look at a product upgrades to improve.

So if everyone wants an iPhone 14 and we're selling iPhone 10, we can do all the advertising we want, but it just, it's going against the mass desire of what people want. We're going to be severely limited. Okay.

So what we need to do here is we need to obviously keep improving our messaging just like we're doing now, but we also need to start looking at product upgrades. Okay. So you see, that's the kind of, that's a proficient media buyer right there.

That's, that's someone that's going to be able to start making recommendations on messaging. We use, start making recommendations kind of just in general, like what we're lacking from a product standpoint right there. Okay.

That's a proficient media buyer. Okay. Now this is stage five is an expert.

Okay. And an expert right here. This is someone who's basically taken all these kinds of different, you know, from a proficient to an expert.

You're really just that next level of fully understanding ad psychology, consumer psychology. Okay. So you have a high level of advertising knowledge around consumer psychology.

Okay. This is purely developed through going over a couple hundred ads a year. Okay.

A couple thousand ads a year and creating a ton of them and consistently understanding what works, what doesn't and what makes those variables work and what makes those variables not work. Okay. You also have a higher rate success.

Each ad concept you test, you know, maybe a novice might get one out of 40 ad concepts a test work. We might want to get two or three out of 10 work. Okay.

This also allows you to reach more people and spend more than competitors because we have a higher understanding of consumer psychology. So we can reach more people, spend more than competitors, and just overall do much better than competitors. Okay.

From an ad perspective. Okay. This is the type of conversation you'll have with them.

It'll actually sound a lot like kind of like what I'm talking about in a lot of my videos. You'll watch my last video called, you know, like stage five or how this strategy did $50 million for us. Five stages of market awareness.

Talk very like a, just an expert would in this specific sense right here. Hey, our ads do not fit with the current masses out across the market. Our clients want to lose weight to attract a better partner.

Yet we're not hitting on that. We're also too product aware, which limits our reach plus spend because our product aware audience is much smaller than what I'm about to say next, which is problemware audience. Okay.

We need to create problemware ads and also better tailor the identity to our target customer. Ah, identity is also something to an expert we'll be talking about is that when you're creating an ad, you're also selling a character role or achievement role. Okay.

So you're creating an ad that's selling people the new identity they're stepping into when they are purchasing our product. Okay. So let me give you an example real quick about identity.

That's also another thing too. Expert and proficient can give a lot of examples like this. Okay.

Cause they're very proficient and expert with their craft. Okay. So give me an example for an expert positioning.

I bought my MacBook pro. I bought a MacBook pro because I've seen so many Instagram posts of entrepreneurs, digital nomads and stuff, leveraging a MacBook pro. It became an icon for me personally, as a young entrepreneur, as someone who wants to share an identity with someone who's very successful.

So I was also purchasing a level of success, a level of, you know, I'm doing well in life by purchasing my MacBook, my MacBook pro based off how I was seeing it advertised without Apple advertising it, but just what housing and advertised and Instagram influencers and stuff like that. Sharecasing the digital nomad life. Okay.

So that's just something right there to really give you guys some insight of like how an expert would talk. Okay. Now of all these stages right here, what does the pay scale look like?

Cause I've been at literally every single stage. So I want to share with you guys really quick. Okay.

So stage one novice, and this is also very difficult to price this because if you were running Facebook ads for clients, that's going to be a different story than if you're doing Facebook ads under an agency. Okay. So it kind of bounces back and forth.

Okay. So a novice look, if you're doing it just starting out, you know, if you get picked up by an agency, you can immediately start off at $24,000 a year. If you're starting out from scratch and you're going after clients, you're going to be at zero for a while.

Okay. That's a novice. Now an advanced beginner, you might want to pick up one or two clients, but I'll do about 24 K a year from a, from an advanced beginner, from a client perspective of acquiring clients, all the way up to about 60 grand a year at an agency.

Okay. And it bounces back and forth between 24 to 60 grand a year. Okay.

At this point right here, like a novice, we're spending a lot of time training you up. So it's honestly costing me more money than I'm paying you. All right.

Advanced beginner. You can start taking levels task off my plate and I can pay you anywhere from $2,000 to 5K a month. Okay.

Now competent. Okay. Now, again, what is a competent competent is someone who can start making suggestions about what has to run based off just a little bit of competitive research.

Okay. So now you actually start to bring some ideas to the table that me as an agency owner might start to value or me as a brand owner might start to value. Okay.

We'll pay you a little bit more because now you're taking some of the high level thinking off my plate. Again, you were paid based off of your level of thinking you can bring to the table. If you look at from an expert level, all the way to novice, much level, much different levels of conversation and much different levels, like just knowledge they bring to the table.

Okay. Now let's go back to that pay scale. So competent, 60 to 100K a year.

Now proficient. Ah, proficient anywhere from $100,000 a year to $250,000 a year. Okay.

Again, what is proficient? These are people that can start to make really good suggestions around like what variables of an ad work. Not super deep, but surface level suggestions of general concepts at work, these problems, these benefits, things like that.

And they also can do some research and they're also able to make product kind of suggestions and stuff like that. All right. Agency owner, you should be able to do about 100K a year, a meat buyer, like 100K a year, all the way up to, you know, like I would almost put this flipped because like you're not gonna make 250K a year as a meat buyer for an agency.

So, um, you know, this is where this starts to flip to where, Hey, 60K a year, you know, for like an agency, but like 24K a year, if you're like, you know, 60K a year for like you working at agents or working for an agency, whereas 24K a year for like an advanced beginner for essentially, um, doing it yourself. Whereas this flips to where now it's, you know, from agency owner to working for an agency to now working for an agency to about agency owner to, you know, working for an agency to like agency owner in that perspective right there. You can easily do about 250K a year running a few couple of accounts, being a professional media buyer, um, but then there's expert, which, you know, you're going to easily do over $250,000 per year.

And, you know, this is kind of based off personal experience and you can easily do 250K or more per year. And me personally, I also have mentors making a million dollars per month at this level. Just clear transparency with you on that.

Okay. There's really no cap once you go to the expert level. Okay.

Because you might get a hundred K paycheck just to literally go ahead and like create concept. Okay. Like some of these huge brands.

If you look at people like, um, Eugene sports, like for example, like for breakthrough advertising, stuff like that, Frank Kern or something like that. Brands will literally pay him like 250K, a hundred K a month, just to do a few hours of consulting. Okay.

Because they can bring a level of expertise to the table that dramatically helps out performance. Okay. You're not getting paid anymore for hourly work.

You're not getting paid anymore for, you know, like project basis. You're getting paid essentially for, Hey, you made us a couple extra million dollars this year. So we'll give you a hundred K check.

Okay. And you have five or 10 clients like that. You can easily make 500K to a million dollars a year, all the way up to, you know, 10 clients paying you a hundred thousand dollars a month, which is a million dollars per month at this level.

Okay. I personally have made around almost a 60K just from one client in one month. It's easily able to be doing to do this at this level.

Okay. Because again, you're paying paid based off percentage of performance and percentages of projects and stuff like that. And again, it's, it's a really awesome level of B, but again, to get to an expert, you have to go through a proficient stage.

To get to proficient, you have to go through a competent stage to be an advanced beginner. You have to go through the novice stage. Okay.

You have to go through all of these stages. Me personally, I've gone through all of them. I've been running Facebook ads since 2015, 2022.

I'm consistently studying, consistently advancing and investing into my skill sets and stuff like that. You know, that's also why I launched my mentorship circle. So like, if you want to learn more about like this higher level stuff, click me below to have Nick mentor you.

And I literally like, that's how you can get, you know, literally for $600 a month, 24, seven access to me, weekly Q and a calls, all of the SOPs we use inside of our agency, immediate access. So you get to all this. Um, and, um, you can cancel anytime, 30 days, stuff like that.

I'm a plug myself really quick, but just because I personally don't have other people I could recommend it to you. That's less than that. All my mentors, I pay like two to $3,000 per month just for one mentor.

So that's like the cheapest option right there. Okay. And just one hour of my time is $500 an hour.

So, you know, even if you want to just purchase an hour of my time, the mentorship circle is still better value because you get four weekly calls with me and you get a 24, seven group chat and you get the SOPs in the agency. Okay. A lot of juicy stuff there.

Okay. But yeah. So whether you work with me or anyone, just find someone that is at the level that you want to be or better.

Okay. Do not work with someone who, Hey, I'm a novice. Well, I'm an advanced beginner.

I can show you a few things. Try to go up to like something a little bit deeper. Um, I can really drastically help you out with your, um, advertising stuff like that.

So yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. Uh, again, click the link below. If you're curious about anything, I do have Nick Terry run your ads or have Nick Terry, Terry, mentor you.

Thank you all for watching. Make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, I'll talk to you guys later.

My name is Nick Terry. Peace out.