Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today, I have an exciting video for you guys. I posted a post the other day, uh, like essentially, Hey, what's some questions you have around Facebook ads and stuff like that. And I'll create a YouTube video around that's kind of answering all of them.

So I got roughly like 10 comments, um, go through right now and answer them for you guys. So a little Q and a session with jam session real quick. So, uh, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into it. I'll be sipping on a little, little 3d as well. Um, there's this is a 3d alpha land, uh, version, which is actually pretty good.

3d is pretty good. I think my favorite one right now is glitch energy though, glitch energy. And I just didn't have my sugar cup.

So I just picked this up, but glitch energy, uh, you can use code NT 20, uh, Nick Terrio for a 20% off. Um, and I drink that every single day. So I'll do another video.

I'll do on that soon. So, but anyway, let's hop into the very first questions. Very first question comes from flying with flying with anything.

27, who is the best hires for creative creation? Like what people compose this team? So I don't really know where you're at right now.

So I don't really know, like I could tell you, Hey, go hire, you know, a visual director, go hire a copywriter, go hire a video editor and go hire a team of actors. And that might cost you 50 grand a month right there. And just in expenses, but you also might only be making a thousand dollars a month and you need something very low ticket.

So I'm going to give you kind of the hybrid route. What I would do is go to no limit creatives.com, go to the limit creatives, use their, um, unlimited design service. It's two different packages.

There's one like for $400 a month for just video one for just photo for a 400 bucks a month. So you have two options, or you can do like an $800 version a month and you get both unlimited video and unlimited photo per month. Now, again, these are just editors.

These are just, this is just a tool. So if you use the tool incorrectly, it's not their fault. You use it incorrectly.

Okay. So that's a really good tool. You can also leverage something like incense or billow.

I've done videos on both, um, both UGC platforms to where you can send them a brief. And again, it's a tool. So if you send them the wrong brief, you mess up the brief, then you're not going to see the results you want.

So cinnamon brief, you can create a bunch of different briefs and figure out which one perverts, converts the best in the ad accounts. And then from there, just keep using that same brief. Okay.

So you got that. That's a really great way. And then you're just a strategist creating briefs, sending to billow billow sends you it back.

You take that video, create a little briefs, since it's no limit creatives, they can edit the video and boom, that's it. There you go. You got a small little creative production team now, um, more for an agency side, what goes into it.

Usually you have your strategist, which your strategist is basically the person that's like, Hey, we need a UGC video. Let's hit on the angle of, you know, people unboxing it. Okay.

And then the copywriter go right on the copy or like the, the intro copy, um, the, the titles and stuff like that. That's going to like, basically be seen across the video. And then from there, they'll send it off to like, you know, the UGC person to film it.

And then what we'll do is, is we'll have a video editor right there. Go ahead and edit the video, following that brief right there. So same things.

It's just, you're using, you're leveraging, um, people versus like companies and stuff like that. So, so yeah, so hopefully that works out. That's two different ways.

Um, so, you know, you can either do services for copy and video, um, editing, or you can use people, which again, the people's more expensive. You're paying anywhere from $3,000 to $5,000 per head per month. So that's going to obviously raise your expenses right there.

So next question from Shivani Corwell. I hope I'm saying that correctly. Really?

I am the testing, scaling, and add reviving process. So when you first test audiences and creatives, how you scale them by stacking and separate new campaigns. And once those campaigns died down, how you revive them by refreshing creatives and just overall process and how these three link with one another in terms of steps and out of count structures as in testing and scaling campaigns, existing at once and structures.

If you refresh creatives, the same campaigns are new ones. Okay. Very, very simple.

One campaign are two campaigns. One's your scaling campaign. Okay.

Scaling campaign. You have one ad set in it broad age, gender, location us. Um, I'm targeting men 18 to 64 in USA.

Okay, cool. One ad set, one campaign, boom broad. I don't know, maybe pop a dollar a day, CBO, whatever, whatever you start now.

Okay. You have all your winning ads in that one ad set. Boom.

Clear. Okay. You're cruising at that.

Starts to see performance dip. Okay. You grow aster and die down.

So you need to test new ads. Okay. So what you do is you create a second campaign called creative testing.

Okay. Take your broad ad set and put it at like $50 or $20 USD daily. Okay.

Test three new ads in it. Doesn't work. Kill that ad set.

Test three new ads, three more new ads and a new ad set. Boom. So you just keep creating ad set, new ad set, three new ads.

Boom. Doesn't work. New ad set, three ads in it.

Boom. Doesn't work. Boom.

Until you find that winner. Might have to test 50 ads before you find a winner. Once you find a winner, you simply copy that ad and you paste it in your ad set.

That's already live in your scaling campaign. Simple as that. Testing one campaign, paste them into your other.

That's it. That's the reviving process. I'm not creating a new campaign for each new ads.

I'm not, I'm not creating new ad sets. I'm leveraging one campaign, one asset winning ads. Simple as that.

So there's nothing confusing about it. It's fairly easy. I have videos on how I do my creative testing process.

Um, explains that whole structure right there. I also have videos on how I keep things simple. Basically have two videos that covers both of those things that just recently imposed.

If you go on my channel. All right, next one, Noah Clark, um, add storyboarding. I want to be more effect, efficiently communicate with both my clients, my contractors concepts for creative angles.

We need to test. All right. So Nick Shackelford, uh, just did geek out San Diego.

Um, I want to say it was San Diego and yeah, or Dubai. I'm not sure yet, but everyone said that the biggest thing that, um, he learned or like one of his biggest takeaways was your quality of your creative brief dictates the results you would get with your Facebook ads. Okay.

So if you do a very poor creative brief and send it over to incense or billow, or you give a very poor brief to no limit craps, which one would do with these ads, you're going to get a poor quality ad and it's not their fault. It's your fault because you've done a poor job at briefing the team of what you need done. Okay.

So great way for, um, add storyboarding. I have a video on that where I just basically break it down. Like here's scene one, but I want scene one to look like here's the second scene, yada, yada, yada.

Okay. So I have a video on that very easy. Um, it's like call it like how to create Facebook ad creatives that convert.

Okay. So I have that on that storyboarding side. Now, when it comes to the brief side, what I find that works amazing is finding an ad or creative that you, some other companies running.

Okay. So let's say it's a UGC video, like, um, athletic green system, amazing UGC video. So I, I ripped a bunch of them and then I basically use those as an example when I want my creative team to create some new ads.

So UGC ads. So if I want that same style, UGC, I'll send that like ad over and be like, Hey, can you replicate this ad, but in our branding and our tone of voice, um, and obviously with our product and they'll just replicate it. That's probably one of the most easiest and most efficient ways starting off.

Cause you can send that ad over to the actors of what they need to do. You can also send that act that ad over to your editors. So when they get that footage back from those actors, they know what to edit.

And then you can just say something simple as like, use our branding, use our colors for the actors, use our tone of voice, those things like that, that helps. But yeah, you're the level of your brief dictates the quality of results you're going to get. And one of the easiest ways to increase your brief is by just providing visual examples.

Okay. Emulate and replicate ads first, before you so go out there and trying to like freehand them yourself. Let's just, that's probably one of the best pieces of advice that can give to you on that perspective right there.

All right, next one defined when testing creatives, as you demonstrate in your most recent video, if the CTR is low below 1.5, for example, should you kill the ad before it reaches 3x CPA or 1x AOV? Okay. So if we launched a new set of ads and their soft stats are looking really bad in terms of CPC and CTR, it kind of depends.

Okay. It's a tough question. So let's say for example, as a baseline, we know, and every count will be different in this perspective right there.

So like one account, we might see a 1% CTR and a $1 CPC as the average for a good ad. Okay. And right off the bat, we launched some new ads and we see a 0.5 and a $3 cost per click.

Okay. We know that it's probably won't get the results that we want. Okay.

Some accounts, you know, vice versa. So it just depends in that situation. It depends on how well, you know, the accounts, if you know, if I give you a bunch of successful ads on an account, you're selling well, and you launch a set of ads and you know that, Hey, if it doesn't have a better than 1% and $1, it's gonna be a bad ad, then just cut it.

Like just call it a day. Okay. So it just depends.

Honestly, it's whether you should cut it or not early. Now, obviously like if you have a 1% and a $1 and you see that the CTR is like 0.3% and your CPC is like $4, like obviously you're going to want to cut that as well. So yeah, I'll look for extreme cases.

That's the only time that I'll, I'll cut it early for CTR and CPC is if it's extremely bad, then I'll cut it early. If it's somewhat lower than normal, but still like in a reasonable area, like within the ballpark, then I'll just let it run for the full three X CPA or one X AOV, whatever you're, you're looking at that's it right there. All right.

Purpose. What about high, high ticket e-com $1,000 plus products? How would you go about that?

I'd first sell a low ticket product and then upsell the high ticket product one, but I would like to hear how would you do it and how would that funnel be? Would you upsell it before they check out a squeeze page or would you send them to clicking page after they check out? Will you send them to collection page or would you send them, let's see, send them directly to a specific product, a funnel review where you go through the lane page, click the pages would be insightful.

Okay. So for high ticket e-com, it just depends on what you're selling right there. So let's say for example, I need a treadmill.

Okay. Or not even a treadmill, like this desk I'm sitting at right here. When I needed this desk, I didn't sit there.

Oh, let me go through a funnel for a little, I don't know. Let's say something related to this desk, a mouse pad. Okay.

It wasn't like a mouse pad. I got a mouse pad that I clicked on and then I was like, Oh, do you want this desk? No, like I needed the desk.

So I went out there and I looked at desk and then I saw it. I got hit, started hitting a bunch of ads. Um, and that's how I discovered autonomous because I was in the market for another desk.

I did buy a Thomas's stuff. I love their ads. They did a very good job, their branding and all that good stuff right there.

And ultimately I purchased from them. So, um, high ticket e-com number one challenge you're going to have is attribution. So if you're not using, um, triple L or wicked reports, stuff like that, you're gonna, you're gonna be in a really big problem spot because with Facebook, anything out of a seven day window doesn't track anymore.

So that's where you really need, um, a third party attribution software now. And that's because the sell cycle might be two weeks, three weeks, you know, it took me two weeks of seeing ads from a Thomas before I finally pulled the trigger. Okay.

So that's the first thing. Second thing, like if you do a low ticket product first, like it just depends, like usually high ticket e-com you're in the market for that low ticket product. First, the problem I have with selling a low ticket product than a high ticket product or like, Hey, or here's a product that you don't even want.

So buy this first, before I show you what I really have, like the problem I have with that is that I may attract the wrong crowd and to the people who are ready to buy right now, are not going to want to buy a little product first or get upsell or something like that. They just want the main product. So me personally, if a brand came to me, cause I don't have any high ticket, like e-com stores right now.

If a brand came to me and said, Hey, I want to do high ticket. The first thing I'm going to do right there is just start articulating a bunch of ads, creating some really good creatives. Like your, your creative for high ticket e-com has to be spot on.

Like if Gucci and Louis Vuitton were taking videos and photos with their iPhone six, they would get slaughtered in terms of their performance, but they use some very high, um, piece, you know, some DSLR camera, stuff like that, that we use for this. So create some really good creatives and really pinpoint who's buying your audience. Who's your audience purchasing.

When I was looking at autonomous, they had some very high quality creatives. Uh, they were really articulating to me all the benefits and features of the product very well. They're also showing you many different desk setups and stuff like that.

So that people have built over time and I loved it. Um, so yeah, that's what really, and their creative and their messaging and their branding all spoke to me rather and none, I see none of it was even a hundred dollars off. I didn't get one discount ad for a Thomas and I purchased because discounts are pretty much limiting beliefs in your mind.

Cause you're like, oh, I wouldn't, I wouldn't spend that, you know, that's a whole nother video. Don't want to talk about that right now. Long story short, high ticket e-com just focus straight on the product and just come up with a shitload of high quality creative farts and keep testing.

And the only thing you're going to want to change is your testing process. So if our CPA for a thousand dollar product or AOV is a thousand dollars, I don't want to spend a thousand dollars on an ad before I figure out if it's bad or good. I'm probably going to want to look at a different metric, like maybe add to cart.

So if I know, all right, a thousand dollar product is an, you know, if we're going to spend a thousand dollars to determine ad works or not, because a thousand dollars is one extra AOV then. All right. What's our add to cart?

Our add to cart rates 50 bucks. I might spend like 150, 200 bucks. And if it doesn't get an ads cart, I'm gonna turn it off.

So I might just use a different metric like that, combined with like CTR and CPC and like others metrics and stuff like that. So, but I would just send it straight forward. I make a really bad-ass landing page for it, consistently optimize that landing page product, just directly adds to product.

A lot of, lot of content and creative around it to really articulate to people why they need this product. So that's all I would do right there for that JD. What would you do creative wise or Facebook ads?

If you had access to images, but not any video content, that's a very easy one. I would take those images and turn them into videos. So I've seen this a lot with, uh, a few different like brands online.

I've seen it, right? Let's take this photo, like maybe just a 3d bottle right here. Okay.

Take a photo of it. You just got this 3d bottle. Well, you can crop me out and you just have a plain white background now of this 3d bottle.

Well, I could animate it to kind of come across the screen now as a video, doing this using that photo. I can, you know, I don't really know what the flavor is, but let's just pretend it's, um, lemons, like a lemon flavor. I can have a bunch of lemons and fruits and stuff, like lemons and stuff like that around it.

I would a yellow background and I can make a really good ad with just an image. You don't necessarily need a video, but you can create some powerful stuff with images, uh, with just really good video editing. You need to find a motion graphic designer is what you need.

Motion graphic designer specializes in things like that. Animating things with 2d elements and that's perspective right there, specifically someone that's experienced with at least four or five years in Adobe after effects. Um, and that's going to allow you to create some really powerful video content and yeah, that's simple as that.

So, um, and sometimes even images like still crush it. Like we still use a lot of images. Um, I personally prefer video and it's mostly just because I can, I can hit on a lot of key elements in that one video versus a photo, but I still see photos slaughtering it sometimes on certain products.

So it's nothing wrong. If you just can do images, um, you can turn images into products, just get creative with it. All right.

AAB Facebook creative versus Tik Tok creative. All right. So I've talked to this before.

I tell us all the time to our clients, your Facebook creative will not work on Tik Tok 90% of the time or 80% of the time. I say that every time we try to Facebook creative on Tik Tok, it didn't work and except a few exceptions here and there now Tik Tok, we've had Tik Toks carry over to Facebook and actually worked well. Okay.

So the difference between Tik Tok and Facebook is that Facebook's more ads like your standard structure of ads, but Tik Tok is more content marketing. Okay. If you could like, for my example, is that YouTube right here, YouTube is content marketing heavy.

Okay. I create a lot of content building trust with you guys, relationship with you guys and showing you guys, demonstrating you guys how to do what I do. And I have brands that reach out to me all the time to work with me.

That's how I get all my clients from agency. Okay. So if I would just do an ad, let me run your ads.

You know, here's why you need to run my ads. Like you guys wouldn't watch it. No one really would want to watch it, but people would love to watch a video on how to create Facebook ads that convert and demonstrate to you how it, how to do that.

And then they're like, oh, wow. Okay. Well, that's a lot of work.

I don't want to do it myself. This guy seems like he knows there's the one I'm going to work with them. So Tik Tok in the sense of is a lot more content marketing in that example of putting a clever way of here's my day today.

Like, no, here's my day today. I start every morning with, you know, 3d energy drinks, and then you can grab your own 3d from going 3d energy drinks.com and then continue on with the story. So telling a story, what's your product placed in it.

I know that's a big trend. The second thing is you need to replicate trends on Tik Tok. So Tik Tok, you can go to the Tik Tok ads library or something like that.

You can find up and coming trends and you want to replicate the trends that are currently active on Tik Tok. And I know the sun is whole, it's like really bad right now, but one more comment to get throughout this. So you want to replicate Tik Tok trends or you want to create ads or create stories with the product we've into it.

So that's what we're noticing on Tik Tok, whereas Facebook, you can create your standard ad of grabbing attention, yada, yada, yada. And I mean, story ads always work well on Facebook. It's just slightly different on Tik Tok.

So do research, really look at your niche and stuff like that. Look what people are creating and then replicate it for you and launch that for Tik Tok. All right.

Horshi. I see his name so bad. Um, I'm so sorry.

If you're watching this video, if a creative has performed well for three weeks and it's suddenly rush drops, why does this happen? Is there any way to fix it? Okay.

Essentially your creative is not performing anymore. You need new creative like easiest way to explain. Okay.

So when you launch an ad, Facebook, you know, targets your audience. So like, let's say for example, like you have a million people in your audience. Okay.

Of your million people, only 10% of those people are a purchase conversions. So like, let's say for example, you target a lookalike 1% purchase, yada, yada, yada. Facebook shows a potential reach of 1 million people.

Okay. Just doing this for example, easy math. That's 1 million people.

But when you target and select that little conversion option, and we select purchase, when you select that purchase conversion, Facebook then takes that million people and, and figures out who are those people that are going to fit in that conversion purchase bucket. That might be 10%. So 100,000 people.

Okay. So Facebook has a hundred thousand people to target. Well, out of those a hundred thousand people each day, Facebook has to feed out that ad on their platform, on their phones.

Okay. And with one person out of a hundred thousand people don't check their phone all day, except one minute of night. Okay.

That's a super competitive spot right there for that particular person for an ad perspective versus somebody who's on their phone all day, who gets served multiple different ads all day. So you gotta look at something like that. So, you know, ads, Facebook already has a difficult problem with feeding out your ads, all those people.

So you'll start to notice that it might start target some of the same people that's already targeted. This is why we do not do retargeting campaigns anymore. Cause we're noticing in our top of our, like our top of funnel campaigns is that Facebook, if you look at reach, purchase impressions, reaches unique people, we reach and impressions is how many times they've seen that ad.

So like, let's say, for example, we might have a reach of one, reach one person, but impressions of four, we know that's a frequency of four because we've served that person. We've hit that person four times with impressions. Okay.

Might reach a hundred people and have 200 impressions. So we know that we have a frequency of two X cause we reached a hundred unique people, but we serve 200 impressions. So two, 200 unique hits.

So long story short, that's how creative fatigue drops down. Facebook is struggling to find people with that particular ad. So we create a new ad and we create a whole new ad or a whole new creative.

And we push that out and when we push that out, it reaches either new people or the same people, but it reaches those same people. And it kind of also like in a way retargets them in a sense, and reminds them to come purchase. And also too, it might answer objections and questions they might have.

And it might also even appeal to them in a different way that the first ad didn't. You also, let's say for example, out of, I don't know, let's just say out of a hundred people, 50 of them, like add one and the other 50, like add two. Well, add one got the attention of those hundred people or those 50 people.

And then add two got the attention of those other 50 people. So you reach new eyeballs with new ads as well, cause it appeals to new people. So that's why I like when we're scaling, like it might involve just different ethnicities in the ads that are in the ads, um, different colors, different things like that, different genders, different age groups, all of that helps with overall scale because it allows Facebook to serve those people, those respective, um, genders, ethnicities, and races and things like that.

So, so yeah. So basically your ads dropping, um, your performance is dropping because of ads, your performance is dropping because of creative fatigue, and you simply just need new ads. Don't start audience testing.

Don't start retargeting. Don't mess up your ad account at all. Just test new ads, find a new ad and let things pick back up.

That's why I stress testing three new ads every single week. All right, guys. Hope y'all enjoyed this little Q and a definitely fun.

So really hope you all guys liked it. Thank you all so much for watching. Make sure that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And, uh, I'll make another post every now and then I'll probably drop a post. Just, Hey, Q and a, what you guys want to see. Um, and you guys can put a bunch of comments on it.

Um, but yeah, thank you all so much for watching. My name is Nick Sario. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.