The first question I ask is, do you have a creative brief together? And it's gonna be one of two things, either yes or no. And if it's no, it's like you're a seven-figure brand or you're an eight-figure brand and you don't have a creative brief yet, which then it tells me everything about how easy it's gonna be to get them to scale.

Yo guys, welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have a very special treat for you guys. I have one of my good friends today who has written copy for Jordan Belford, multiple seven and eight-figure variety of different e-com info product brands and has done over $25 million in revenue, specifically with copywriting.

Guys, I want to introduce you to the only Nick Verge. Nick, what's going on, man? I'm doing well, bro.

I'm happy that we got the Nick dynamic, Nick, Nick, Nick at night, but it's Nick during the day. We're not at night just yet. Oh, when it's Nick at night, it's like a few whiskeys deep and everything.

We were talking about that. It would be one more button unbuttoned. It would be if it was Nick at night with a few whiskeys.

Yeah. Solid, dude. I'm excited.

I got some gold bombs I'm gonna lay down here. Awesome, man. Yeah, today we're gonna be talking about three specific tips to, or three specific mistakes that likely a lot of you guys are making with copywriting.

Nick and I'll just introduce you to everything. If there's anything else you want to add to introduce yourself to the channel, please go ahead. Nah, that's a pretty good way to explain it, man.

I mean, I've written for people like Jordan Belfort, written for people like Alex Jones, Beatrice Cullian, a couple other controversial characters that I just usually leave out of the title just because it's like, if you want to know, you'll reach out to me. But yeah, I've worked with a lot of the info product people. And then on e-commerce brands, I mean, I've worked with people like Sierra Madre by Sammy Ryan, which is like a clothing brand.

You know, Makiage is like a skincare brand. So I've worked with quite a few of the seven and eight figure e-com brands as well. But the thing that I've realized is like, a lot of times the things that copywriters do is they shoot themselves in the foot by saying, well, I only specialize in info products.

No, dude, you need to specialize in copywriting. And a good copywriter should be able to write for whatever. It doesn't matter because what we're doing is we're selling.

It's like telling a salesperson, like a really good salesperson can sell anything. It doesn't matter what it is. Like, sell me this pen.

It's a famous one, not to like go back to Wolf of Wall Street. But like, that's one of the famous ones that sell me this pen. And it's because a really good salesperson knows how to sell anything.

A really good copywriter knows how to write copy for anything because you're just going through the same process as before, which is kind of what we're gonna be talking about today. Yeah. So tell us a little bit about what you prepared for us today because I'm very curious about this.

This is something that I've been waiting for to chat with you about. Yeah, man. So it's interesting because when a brand brings me in and they're like, hey, we'd like consulting or we'd like for you to just kind of look at our overall creative messaging, everything like that.

The problem a lot of times is that I kind of have to roast their stuff because it's very, very disorganized. And when I come in and the first question I ask, and I'll just go through, it's three things really that we're gonna talk about. The first question I ask is, do you have a creative brief together?

And it's gonna be one of two things, either yes or no. And if it's no, it's like you're a seven figure brand or you're an eight figure brand and you don't have a creative brief yet, which then it tells me everything about how easy it's gonna be to get them to scale. If it's yes, I tell them to send it over to me.

And it's usually like a one page doc, like here's what we do. Here's what we sell. Here's how much money we've made.

And they don't really understand like a full creative brief, what it is. So I really wanna dive in. This is probably gonna be the longest part of the video for the problems, but the creative brief, this is the main problem that I see most people having inside of their business is they are so disorganized in their creative efforts.

Creativity is beautiful because it's chaos. It's this thing that you have to pull from the ethereal and bring and actually crystallize into writing, crystallize into creative. But that doesn't mean it's disorganized because when you understand that really what creative is, it's the argument for your product and why your product is bomb and why it works.

You have to keep your argument structured, just like a lawyer. I mean, how often, if you have a really good lawyer, are they ever slipping up on their points or no, they got everything. Like they know every single point of the case to the point where they can just rattle out statistics.

Like look at Ben Shapiro as an example. God forbid you get a statistic wrong around Ben Shapiro. Like he's just gonna go on you.

He's just gonna nail on you. Yeah, just go, well, actually. And then he'll just go down the list.

So a creative brief, what a really good creative brief does is it takes all the chaos of your creative and organizes it. And why this is useful is a ton of different reasons. But just to start, let's say you go and hire, you hire Nick for, you know, your actual media buying.

To be able to hand Nick a creative brief, here's our company's creative brief. You just made his team so much easier. And I think the problem a lot of people have with hiring agencies is they just expect the agency, I'll hire them and then I'll get successful results.

That's how it goes. A lot of it is dependent on how you onboard them or how you're onboarded, how much effort you give to giving them the information they need, how much you're kind of going back and forth with the team. It's not just take care of my brand.

Because if it was that, well then give Nick 50% of your brand. That's not how it works. You need to be able to kind of look at them as a strategic partner inside of your business.

So a creative brief, which I'll dive into like kind of what a setup of a creative brief looks like in a moment. But first of all, whoever you hire from, if you hire a sales rep, let's say you're an info product business. If you hire Nick as a media buying agency, an email agency, someone to do your design, someone to come in and help you with your branding, you're trying to get on like a news channel or whatever, it doesn't matter what it is.

A creative brief just explains everything about your business from front to back to the point where the person's like, okay, this makes sense. Like I understand this. It is a very, very in-depth look at the creative behind or what goes into the creative inside of your business.

That's the first thing. The second thing is it actually makes your advertising organized. So I see this a lot where someone will run an ad for a product and then it'll work.

Like let's say they ran four different ads. I'm using very basic numbers here just for math because I'm not a huge math guy, but four basic ads, okay? And one works.

The other three fail, okay? So that one ad that worked, they're like, okay, awesome. This worked.

It's gonna die. It will die. You know, like the ad's gonna fatigue and they don't know why the ad worked.

And a lot of that is because they haven't organized their selling points. So they just wrote up whatever piece of copy and they're like, maybe it's the creative, maybe it's the copy, maybe it's the discount, maybe it's the season. Like they don't really know what caused the fricking product to work or the ad to work.

And when you have a creative brief, it removes that problem because you're making ads towards the specific parts of the creative brief. And so you know, oh, hey, ad A worked. Well, that goes to this part of our creative brief.

So we know let's make 10 more ads about this part of the creative brief. And again, I'll touch on that here in a moment. So I would say those are probably the two main benefits of the creative brief is it being organized.

But then also like when it comes down to a copywriter, I know that brand owners and like agency owners and they have their copywriters, they kind of are just like, you know, it's the same thing. Hey, you're a copywriter, just figure it out. But you should care about the copywriter in a sense that you should give them everything they need to be successful.

Just like if you're hiring an agency, you should give the agency everything they need to be successful, not just figure it out stupid. Like you want to give them everything they need. And really, it's the copywriter's responsibility to make out the creative brief.

But when they don't have that, maybe people who aren't doing copy don't understand. But it is kind of stressful to just sit down. I'm sure you can relate, bro.

Just sit down in front of a blank Google Doc and just like, all right. And then you're just like sitting there, like ready to go. And you don't know.

The biggest mistake. Yeah. You just don't know what to write.

I think back to that episode of SpongeBob where it was like him, the, like he just writes out and it's just the, the top of the page is all he writes after hours. So when you, when you have that creative brief, not only does it allow like an agency to know what they need to run. Hey, okay.

We know which demographics we need to run. And we know exactly which audiences we got to hit right here. And all these keywords, we know everything we got to do.

But then the other side for your copywriters, they know exactly what to write. And it's the point where they can sit down and they can write down, okay, pain point A, B, C, D, E, boom. And now I'm going to go and write four ads for each.

You're going to improve the efficiency of it too. I learned this from my main mentor, Ron Lynch. So Ron, I mean, if you guys know like OxyClean, Sonicare Toothbrush, GoPro, like all these massive D2C brands, this dude was a creative genius behind all of them.

I mean, the guy's done like $4 billion in infomercial sales. And he's just, he's a G. Like Ron's the big G.

And so he understands marketing basically better than anyone else. And this is the main thing that was a really big revelation for me was that before I even start writing copy for anything, creative brief. Because you're writing the copy ahead of time, honestly.

So creative brief looks like this. To start what you do is, so it's just like a Google doc. You can write it out.

And I can even provide a template to you guys if you want to have it afterwards. So the first part is what's the problem? Because I don't even know how many times when I go into a company and I'm just like, okay, what's the main problem you guys solve?

SaaS businesses are the worst at this. Well, we, and then they give a super complicated explanation. And I'm like, no, English, what's the problem?

Like, what's the main problem you solve? Mine's like the PayPal one. Or if you look like the PayPal or like they used to describe it, like we're an encrypted network, yada, yada, yada.

What is that? We send money over internet. And then, well.

Yeah, yeah. It's exactly that. So people have a tendency to overcomplicate it.

But what you really need to look at the problem is, it's not just something as simple as like, oh, like people struggle to send money over the internet. Right? Like really expand into the problems that people are having here.

And this is where, what I tell people to do, especially with like D2C products and overall just e-com products, go to like Amazon and find similar products to that. Go to the product, go to reviews, go to one-star reviews and read a bunch of Karen reviews and a bunch of angry people who are just, you know, they're going on and on and on about their issues with the product. And you will start to see what the problems are and also read the five-star reviews because they'll outline their problems that they had before the product as well.

When you really, really dive into those problems there. And so you have it where what's the problem and you have a nice little, let's say two, three paragraphs explaining the problem and how your customers solve that problem or how your product solves that problem. And then you have it where there's just bullets of all the problems that person's encountering on a day-to-day basis.

Let's say for, I'm going to use a couple of different examples throughout for these three areas, but let's just say a skincare brand. So what are the problems these people are having? They either have super oily skin and it's to the point where, you know, even just a slight change in their diet where they have a little bit more fat in their diet than normal causes them to break out.

They have very dry skin to the point where they're like, they're just getting itchy and shit. They're having like these like little dry patches and everything like that. Or, you know, it's the point where they've tried a bunch of skincare creams and it doesn't really work on their skin because they have very sensitive skin.

Like we could just go on and on and on and on and on with all the problems these people are experiencing. So that alone, if you were to get a list of, here's all the problems and it's organized out, here's paragraphs explaining our customer demographic and what the problem is that they're experiencing. And here's kind of what a lot of people also forget is that you probably have multiple demographics for your product.

It's not just one and we only work with this person and that's it. You probably have a couple. They have a couple different problems as well.

But if you then list out all the problems and then you go and you list out all of those different, you know, the three different paragraphs that just explain the problems itself. Well, now what you've given your copywriter or the copywriter when they're able to actually go and write from that, they know, okay, well, if I'm going to write an ad, why don't I write an ad that starts off with the problem itself and just directly states the problem out loud? They now, what they can go and do, let's say they have, you wrote out 10 problems, okay, that your product solves and then you go and you write out your ad copies and you do, let's just say 10 different ads, okay?

And ad one is problem one. Ad two is problem two. Ad three, so on and so forth all the way through.

Now, when you go and test, ad three worked, ad seven worked. All the others flopped completely. Well, if ad three and ad seven worked, that means those problems hit way hard.

They just had to hit at home where the other ones don't. It means it just hit harder for the audience. So now you're starting to see kind of like the organization of it.

You can see, okay, this is way better. Another part of a creative brief would be features and benefits. So I like that a lot of people go into when they're trying to sell a product, they go into features and they think features are benefits.

They're not, they're not really. So let's use, let's use again, let's use the acne cream or like the acne protocol kind of thing. So they're saying like the salicylic acid, AHA, BHA formula soothes your skin.

The soothes your skin part is the benefit, but we can expand outward on that as well. So let's say that we had the features. So it's a, it's salicylic acid, it's BHA, it's AHA, it's PHA.

And then we can go in and we can expand on the benefits of why salicylic acid works really well for your skin. Okay. It helps you blank.

So you can blank. It helps you just go into that. That's the formula for benefits helps you blank.

So you can blank. So, um, washes away the impurities on your skin so you can have cleaner, more brighter, more vivid looking skin. And then, you know, your audience, your demographic, which we'll talk about that kind of on the third point, but they may have different, you know, things that they want for their benefits.

So a 60 year old mother grandmother at that point, almost 60 year old grandmother at that point has a very different benefits. She likes for her skincare routine versus a 25 year old girl who's still in her like hot girl summer phase. So those two different areas like that, let's just say it gives you a glow so you can pop off on Instagram, pop that sis, you know, that's your kind of, that's the way you're talking to them versus like have that beautiful, elegant look two very different ways of communicating in the same message.

I don't want to get too off track here. I want to go into that third part when we get to that third part right there of the different demographics, different messaging. But when you talk about features and benefits like feature, let's just use again, I'm going to use a completely different product now on this part.

Let's say feature. Let's say you have like a coaching program that works around like how to scale your agency. Okay.

Feature, like we give you a list of leads every single month, 500 leads every single month for you to go and run targeted towards your audience. Okay. Boom.

Benefit. Save time so you don't have to go hunting for leads and have qualified customers literally coming to you and you're ready to dial right away so you don't have to waste time. Benefit.

Features, benefits. The simplest way to think about it is like this. This is the funniest story that I remember Ron telling me.

This is when it clicked for him and it clicked for me at that moment too is he was at a food convention and he had to pitch this food processor and it was making guacamole and it was like really good guacamole and they figured out the best pitch for the food processor was do you want great guacamole and they would just hand them the chip with the guacamole and the person would try but that's really good and then what they would dive into after that is like people are literally going to want to come over to your house just for the guacamole. Benefit. Feature makes, you know, the features, the processing and all the type of stuff.

Benefit makes great guacamole. There's a benefit behind the benefit as well. You make great guacamole.

Well then here's all that. So that's the part that I think a lot of people need to realize. There's features, there's benefits and then there's benefits behind the benefits.

So let's go back to the skincare example. Feature. It's salicylic acid inside of it.

Benefit. Clears out impurities. Cool.

Why do they want to clear out impurities? This is where I think most copywriters, the main mistake they make and this is with all areas of life. When you're first starting out and you're a beginner you don't really understand it all that well.

It doesn't matter what it is. You're thinking on a surface level. So for guys, I go to the gym because I want to get girls.

That's the surface level versus I go to the gym to really focus on myself and to really worship the throne of my body and worship the temple of my body. Really give it what it needs. It's a much more deeper explanation of it.

So same thing there. Most people think only of the direct benefit. Oh, it clears out impurities.

There is a benefit behind the benefit. This is thinking two layers deeper and this is where you really dive into your demographic and why do they want that? Why does a 60-year-old mother want it that it clears out the impurities?

Why does a 25-year-old Instagram influencer want it that it clears out the impurities? Very, very different ways of thinking right there. I don't see a lot of copywriters thinking at that level when they're writing.

What they're doing is they're just going and they're looking at what are the competitors doing and let me just copy that. And don't get me wrong, that can work. But if you're really trying to get it to the point where I mean, we're in a different market now where ads are fatiguing faster than ever, you have to really be on top of your stuff.

You need to be organized. You need to understand the features, benefits. You need to have those dialed in so you can write ads targeted to those things.

Is that making sense so far? Yeah, it's definitely making more sense, especially too on what you said about the deeper on the why. I really love that too because that's something that another one my mentors have told me about.

And it definitely improves from connecting people in that deeper level from an emotional connection towards your ads, which is really cool too as well. Absolutely. So another section of the creative brief that I think just it further drives home a sale is reasons to believe.

If you put someone on the spot, like take your copywriter and you just tell them, why should I believe anything you just wrote in this copy right there? Most of the time they're just going to because they don't really know how to do that. I want everyone to kind of think back to that example I gave with Ben Shapiro.

I mean, we all know who he is for the most part. If I say, well, why is that the case? Well, actually 67% of 30% of 30, like he can just rattle out statistics like crazy that just prove his point right away.

Your copywriter needs to be able to do that for your product. So why should I buy creatine monohydrate that's pure and not from a synthetic source that comes directly from proteins? Why should I buy that right there?

That copywriter needs to know from start to finish all the statistics, all the stuff around it, the fact that 90% of all the different alternatives on the market actually are synthetic even though they say they're pure, they're not because they're not derived from proteins. And so they need to be able to understand these things because what it does then is it's the logos behind your actual argument. The logos, the logic of like, hey, you can't deny the logic.

And if you start off an ad with just the pure logic here, 76% of whatever, you just, you rattle off a statistic on it, you're going to appeal to an audience that really likes logos. And this kind of goes into, again, I don't want to go too much into number three, but different audiences like different arguments. And your ad copy is just an argument.

So some audiences like a pathos-based or pathos-based argument, which is all emotion. And this is going to be stories, which is the next one we're going to be talking about. Next one is an ethos-based one.

This is authority. Influencers, people having brand authority, testimonials, stuff like that. Last part's logos.

This is logic. These are your like, think of lawyers, think of doctors, think of accountants, think of very analytical. They need proof and they need logical proof for it.

I would say that, I mean, every market's different, but just by baseline, you should think that every single market is 33% all around on those different ones because people are pretty consistent on that. Everyone's different. When it comes down to the logic, having reasons to believe just set up for you makes your copywriter's job a lot easier because then instead of them always having to dig for it, let's say they're writing a piece of copy.

How do I prove that? Oh, reasons to believe. Boom, copy, paste.

Now we're improving their workflow. They can pump out more copy. They can be more organized.

They can split test with it as well. Hey, what happens if we, this ad's working. What if we swap out this statistic right here with a different one that we found?

Does it work better? Again, we're organized. We're keeping this thing like really, really pumping.

So I'll give a template for a creative brief. I'm going to send one over to you. I'll give the one I did for Jordan Belfort and then I'll also dive into, I'll give them just like a blank template that they can go through on that and they can go and make their own creative brief.

I don't want to spend, here's every single part of the creative brief because that would be the whole video. We're just going to go through that. But I wanted to just touch on that.

And so people can see, oh, if I really organize my selling points, I can pump out way more creative or way more effective copywriting because it's all about organization to start. Everyone thinks that this is like, I'm Hunter S. Thompson and I'm going to do cocaine three times before I write copy and that's what's going to crank out good copy.

Because I mean, to be fair, a lot of copywriters are kind of mentally ill. Like the more I meet them, the more I'm like, fuck, I think I may be one of the few mentally sane ones, even though I am. I'm a weird guy.

I'm not like, I'm not off the rails all the time. But it is a organized craft. The really good ones, all the really good copywriters I've met, all the genius marketers I've met are extremely organized.

And just like with media buyers, they are so organized on like, here's how we're organizing out every single ad campaign, every single ad set. They are extremely organized with their efforts. Good copywriters are extremely organized in their ability to produce creative because all their points are on one location where they can go to.

Yeah. I love that. And I can attest to that as well too because we've seen the biggest impact in our agency for our copywriters.

Well, once we started, even our creative guy too as well, once we started putting together a proper brief before and really hitting on specifically what you said, those specific key points as well. And I'm even digging a little bit too in the desire and sophistication awareness as well, which is, and my copywriter was like, yo, I love this so much because it allows me to focus my thoughts going into writing copy versus just, hey, I'm writing copy. Yeah.

Well, and that part right there where they're saying, you know, hey, I have to like think about it. You know, for a lot of times what the copywriter is thinking when they first get on board on that project and they don't even have anything given to them, they just have to figure out where's this market at? Like, I don't even know anything about this market.

A lot of times they're kind of new to it. So when you can just hand them, hey, actually, here's the market sophistication, like what you said, here's where we're at. We're probably at a level four right now.

We're kind of competing on mechanisms. So what we need is just a better mechanism or, hey, we're at level five right now, meaning we've tried just about everything and the market really understands our product. So I think we need to try some new and improved different arguments that may be influencer campaigns.

I mean, there's a ton of different ways to do it, but understanding that level of just being so detail orientated on that creativity side of things and not letting the creative process be chaotic, it's going to help you a lot. I mean, I wish I could tell someone it's like, here's this one line that gets you 50% more response rate or this one style of ad copy that gets you, that's like, that's hogwash. That doesn't work no more.

It's a false dream right there. It's a dream we all dream of, but a reality and none of us will live. Amen, dude.

It doesn't work. So that's the first part is it's the number one mistake I see people making is the creative brief. It's that they don't have one together.

I mean, God, dude, if I had, if I had $100 for every single time I walked into a company and I was like, can I see you guys as creative brief and they don't have one? I'd be a millionaire by now. It's just like, it's ridiculous.

So that's number one. Number two. Let's talk into it.

Number two would be that people focus. I talked about the features and benefits thing and those ads work. Like we've all seen, I'm sure you've seen the thousand times.

Features and benefits work really, really well. So if you were just to say, let's go back to that skincare kind of example. So with a proprietary salicylic acid blend, this clears out impurities, allowing you to have brighter, glowier, better looking skin.

And then there'll be like, use promo code blank at checkout. And then, I mean, hey, those ads work. Like, don't get me wrong.

They work. But I think a lot of times what happens is people focus that like, oh, this is working. I'm only going to do this.

Well, what happens when that stops working? Because eventually that's what happens. It's just with these ads, they die out and you need to try new things.

And also, especially in the market of where we're at, is that the second that you start doing that, so let's say you created a features benefit ad that worked really well and it's like, oh, okay, this is solid. Your competitors are watching you. They're not going to steal your crap.

Of course, they're going to steal your stuff. They hand that to their copywriter and they're like, okay, let me literally just copy and paste what they said basically on it. Let me tweak a couple words with it.

Our proprietary AHA formula and then boom, like it's the exact same thing. And so eventually your market sees it enough times to the point where they're like, I don't really want to buy this anymore. Or I'm just seeing the same thing everywhere.

So stories to me, I think are way more effective than features and benefits because you can include features and benefits in your stories. And this works really well with, because I know a lot of people that work with you. You're mainly an e-com agency, right?

Yeah, we do primary e-com and we also do, you know, a little bit of lead generation and info products as well. Nice. Yeah.

So I mean, with the e-com people, you know, if you're using, let's say, an influencer campaign, let that influencer tell their story. Like you're hiring this person for a reason. And I remember it was, it was a skincare brand that I was working with.

And I'm using this example because it's just top of mind for me. And they had this influencer campaign. They were trying to use stories.

And I was like, that's not her story. And they were like, why? How can you tell?

I'm like, that's so clear that a man wrote that story. And they laughed and they're like, it is a man that wrote that story. I said, okay, let's get in contact with the influencer and ask for her story.

And they were like, huh, we hadn't thought of doing that. They just look at the influencers, the pretty, the pretty face and 70,000 followers or a hundred thousand followers. They don't think, hey, we're actually collabing with this person.

Like, let's actually get their story. So we called the influencer, got them to give us their story. And overall, like, hey, have you seen this happen?

Well, no, I haven't really seen that happen, but I have seen this happen. And it was, she doesn't have dry skin. She had more oily skin.

And so she was explaining that she's like, she really tries to take control of her fitness. And she had it to the point where if she would just increase her fats, just like a little bit, she would start breaking out and everything. And so she had to figure out like, what is it?

And she realized it was because her skincare regimen wasn't really structured at all. So she was like all structured with her fitness, but wasn't super structured with her self-care on it. And so to the point where her face is breaking out.

And so I was like, here's a whole demographic of your guys' audience. These fitness girls who are really focused on that, but it's, the skincare routine's not working or they're not, they don't really have it in place. And so, you know, talking about a little bit of a change in a diet can cause your skin to break out.

A girl, all of a sudden, she's like, oh, I never thought of that. That I added a little bit more fat to my diet. And now all of a sudden my skin's breaking out.

And so we go and we write like an actual piece of ad copy. She didn't write the ad copy, but we did it based off of her experience on it. And it was like, oh, this was working way better than the other.

Of course it is because it's the truth. Not just something that someone wrote up in like a, you know, corner of the office and just got it together. I'm imagining like this typewriter and everything, but no, like it's the truth.

So stories to me, they just sell way more effectively because what it allows the audience to do is to see it from that perspective and put themselves in that perspective. So I gave an example with an influencer campaign. I want to give an example with more of just, let's say the product telling the story.

So I'm going to use the X3 bar as an example because I'm actually talking with that guy, John Jacquees. Have you seen that before? The X3 bar?

Oh, I haven't actually. You have it? Me too.

Look at that. We're both believers of the product right there. It's a good product.

Whenever you got to get a quick pump in, if you ain't got time, solid. It's a solid thing. If you guys don't know what it is, look it up.

X3, like literally just the letter X3 bar. I think it's x3bar.com even they got that real estate. I have to check this out.

Yeah, just see if they got that. I mean, buy it. It's a great product.

So I don't really see them telling stories on their campaigns. So a proper story for that, and you have to, again, this is the next part. We'll talk about demographics, but a proper story for that for me would be how many times have you seen this happen?

You go to the gym, every single piece of equipment that you want to use is being used. It is packed in that gym. You have to wait around.

You have to try different workouts. It's all of a sudden you're in the gym for an hour, two hours just to get work done. You're not really seeing steady progress in your gains.

It's not really working. What if I told you that? And then we go into the contrast of things.

The common way that everyone's falling for fitness is actually completely wrong. And this is exactly what Jaquish talks about inside of his product. And he has all the statistics inside of his book where he, you know, explains why conventional weightlifting is bad.

Now I'll just be real. I love conventional weightlifting. I love, I just got done deadlifting before this.

There's nothing that makes me more satisfied than just like a solid deadlift session. So, but that story versus like, hey, get quicker, better, more effective workouts than with the X3 bar versus telling the story of, yeah, I have had that happen when I go to the gym and every single machine is being used. And this is literally me like two days ago.

And I was thinking about this. I'm like, God, I gotta like figure out a different time to go to the gym. But I'm like, thank God I have flexibility in my schedule.

Because imagine if you're the guy who gets off at four and you only have really an hour and a half for the gym because you have kids at home, you know, they don't have flexibility. They can't, they're not, what are they going to do, get up at 2 a.m. to go to the gym?

No, they don't want to do that. So explaining the story of your customer and their experience and then kind of putting in those features and benefits into that, it just, it makes it so much more effective and you can see which style of story actually helps. And this is where I think a lot of copywriters, they feel like they're in a, they're not in a creative role.

They feel like, oh, it's marketing. You know, I'm not, it's not really like creative. No, be creative.

It's okay. This is what gives the brand the actual voice behind it. You have to realize who you're writing for.

Like, you know, you're not going to write like a badass entrepreneur to like 25 year old women. Like that doesn't, that doesn't really work. The, the Sean Whalen and Garrett White voice doesn't work for them.

You know, it doesn't work there. But this is where you need to be creative. You need to think outside the box and think about, okay, how would I tell this story of it?

If you can't think of it on your own, meaning like, you know, let's say you're writing for a turmeric supplement or something like that. And, you know, you don't have bad joints. Go on Amazon, go to the products, read the reviews and just go through it.

You will be shocked how many people list out their entire life story on an Amazon review of like, I started when I was 30 because I got in a car accident and this, this and this and it's only gotten worse and my father doesn't love me and like all these different little examples. They'll just like use it as therapy almost. But you can see these people's stories and you will start to see consistent ones.

Now there's always the odd one out where it's like the person's like, I actually fell out of a plane and that's not a common story for someone. But like for these types of supplements that suppress joint pain, tons of these, you know, testimonials are people saying, hey, I was a weightlifter for years and I'd really pushed myself to the limit where all of a sudden now I just couldn't really hit it hard in the gym anymore. That is a consistent story.

Tell that story. Stories sell. Stories are the number one thing that sell.

And so I think a lot of copywriters are so used to just, oh, I'm going to do features and benefits or they're just looking for a mechanism that they can throw in our unique proprietary blank mechanism or blank method or blank, whatever it is. That's great. Those things work.

We want to do more things that work though because I also don't like when people are like, that doesn't work. What is the number one thing? They're dead.

X is dead. Email is dead. It doesn't work anymore.

It's dead. Facebook's dead. Yeah.

I'm solid. Yes. One of the largest ad platforms of all time is dead.

Makes sense. I literally had this conversation just before this call with like a humongous tequila brand that's interested in us running their ads. Oh, Facebook is dead now.

Have you tried Tripwell? Attribution? No, we just rely on Facebook ad reporting now.

I'm like, oh, that's the number one mistake you're making. 100%. They don't get it.

So it's like the intricacies they don't understand. Well, same thing with these techniques. I don't like when people say things like features and benefits ads don't work or like, you know, the standard templatized ads don't work.

Those work. These are like everything can work, guys, but you need to look at how can I do more things that work because this is when you really like think about it from a perspective of diversifying your assets. You're diversifying your marketing across many different experiences and then also think about it that like the way I look at it sometimes when people do it is just imagine that like here's how I do it is imagine someone came to your door, okay, knocked on your door.

Hey, you want pest control? No, I don't need pest control. I'm all good and they leave and then next day they come back bang on your door.

Hey, do you want pest control? Dude, I told you yesterday I don't need pest control. They leave next day.

Same thing over, over. Eventually, you're going to like call the cops on the guy because it's bad. People do this with their advertising where they retarget with the same messaging over and over again, the same benefits over and over again, the same style of ad over and over again and the prospects just worn out.

They're like, I already know this. Like, I don't care that I get 50% more effective workouts. I don't care that whatever, you know, they don't really care about that all that much.

You have to try different styles and try different retargeting strategies with those styles because you never know that that story that you told about, let's just say for the turmeric supplement of it suppressing the guy's ability to really be able to go hard in the gym. That's what sold the guy. Not seeing, oh, you know, your joints hurt, whatever.

Seeing that, yeah, I can't go past 50s anymore. I used to be the badass pumping out 70s on shoulder press. And he's like, you know what?

I do need to do that. And he buys it from there because you told the story that's his life. So number two mistake I see is people getting too comfortable on just these direct selling ads, these direct selling style of just features, benefits.

You got to get creative. You got to tell stories. And this is where you got to let the copywriter flex their creative, bone a little bit.

If they don't have it, their creative muscles, you can't flex a bone. Their creative muscles a little bit. This is where there has to be a little bit of that meet Wendy.

Wendy, and then just tell Wendy's story. Those things are what really people relate on. I don't see it really being focused on as much anymore.

I see a lot of, when I look at D2C goods, I see a lot of just feature, you know, just feature benefit ads. When I look at info product ones, it's problem, benefit, solution ads. You know, people are just running through the same formulas.

Whereas when I see story ads, that's what I actually read when it's immediately my story. And I'm like, I have that problem right away. Like the first line, it's the start of a story.

You know, it just works right away. Words to me are like spells. And think about like down back to childhood when you were a kid.

Let me tell you a story. You got so excited when it was story time. When your parents are about to read stories to you.

Stories sell. So starting with, let me tell you a story about why blank happened. And that's the main problem of your product solves.

Now the person's like, let me read this story real quick of what happened. I mean, you just, you see it everywhere. So that's the second thing is copywriters not really trying to work on stories because it's a little bit too much outside of their creative realm, but stories work very, very well.

This is why, I mean, you look at it with like ClickBank products, for instance, these wild stories that just, oh my goodness, like they appeal to probably like the lowest IQ of the population, but they sell. They sell really well because stories work, guys. Like I would 100% say that that's the, that's a huge issue I see a lot of copywriters not wanting to focus on.

I'm sure you've seen that in your own internal teams and then on stuff that you're taking on where it's just all the same style of ad. There's no really like diversification of the style they're telling the story or whatever. Yeah, diversification is huge.

It helps a lot with just overall ad fatigue as well too. It comes down to your ad campaigns and everything. 100%.

Alrighty. So that's number one. That's number two.

How am I doing so far? Doing solid, man. I think you're dropping some absolutely amazing value on this channel right now.

Those who agree with that, make sure you hit that like button and drop a comment below too what so far you've been enjoying. And subscribe. And subscribe.

Do that man, that subscription. You can't miss the subscribe button. So, number one, we had the creative brief, building better creative brief.

Number two, telling more stories. And number three, let you dive into it. So, number three is understanding that I think a lot of people dive into this thing where it's like I have one demographic.

It's very rare that I find a product that has one demographic. Okay. So, different demographics mean different messaging.

Okay. And a lot of times what happens is an error is that someone's demographic is here but their messaging is here. And so, it doesn't hit this and then their pricing is also up here.

So, the people are never buying it because the messaging's here. I'm going to give a practical example of this because right now we're in theory land. And as much as I love theory land, I need to get down to like actual like logic and logos land of here's how this actually works.

is the belief you have to show you guys. So, I came into a dating company and they were doing a it was just dating coaching offer. Think about the guys that they've tried like every single PUA program and it's just weird for people who don't know it's a pickup artist thing.

It's just like walking up to girls and trying to get their number and it's these weird little scammy tactics that they teach these guys. And some of them are good but most of them are just they make you come off as a weirdo. So, I came into this program and the product they were selling was at 5k.

Okay. But the messaging was basically for a hundred dollar product. So, their messaging was and we're going to get a little PG-13 maybe a little bit R rated on this channel but their messaging was date as many with date every single woman possible sleep with every single woman possible.

This is the most effective program. You'll be able to woo like you'll be able to tap into what was it her attraction mechanism was the thing. Just these unbelievable claims.

So, you have to understand that really what marketing is is it's creativity for the writing it's economics for the advertising and then it's markets and markets kind of tie into creativity but markets are I would say a little bit separate. Understanding the market is what really ties into the economics. Okay.

So, if I'm selling a 5k product right now this may be I saved the best for last. This is the big thing that I see people fucking up and just messing up in general but if I'm selling a can I cuss on the channel? Is that fine?

Yeah, you're good to go. I do all the time. I may have to separate but that's good.

All right, good. So, if you're selling a 5k product but your messaging is appealing to the dumbest of the dumb like very low IQ individuals you need to think about those people that are low IQ individuals what is their common IQ like what's their common salary at? So, if that person if their common salary is like 50k I think the average salary is 60k a year so if it's 60k a year so 12, 5k a month you expect someone to spend their entire months earning on your product but your messaging is tailored towards them but your pricing is all the way up here.

It doesn't match. So, this is the same thing we were seeing inside of that dating company is that their messaging was this like just scammy and you got to think about it like what guy is really going to believe that that I could like say one thing that makes the girl like listen to me I mean come on man like we all know that's not real you got to be like anyone that's actually sophisticated enough knows I need to have my income on point I need to have my body on point I need to have my overall mindset on point my house everything like if I want to get a top level girl I need to be a top level man it's not difficult for a man to understand but those guys are at the bottom of the rung those guys at the bottom they believe there's some sort of hack that they can access and so what I started to do when I came into this company was I looked through their applications and I actually you know I actually got a pretty good analysis of these guys because we have what's your occupation how much money do you make a year all this to answer these questions and everything like that the messaging what it was bringing in and this is instantly what made me realize okay we're just messing this area up it was a very simple fix I looked at the applications we had deli workers we had bus drivers we had I think there was one guy who was on welfare that I saw which was interesting and he was like trying to buy it it seemed like right like it's strange I don't think that's what you gotta worry about bro is dating but like all these very base level applications like warehouse workers stuff like that just guys who are like at the bottom of like the value pyramid like they're just working minimum wage jobs and stuff like that I'm like well no wonder the messaging is appealing to them because this is what these guys believe so I was like we need to change the messaging entirely man so what it was is I stopped focusing on these guys I got rid of all the slimy dirty stuff I was like this is why you guys can't scale past 100k a month it's because it's like you're just you're selling this like slimy stuff and you're gonna get your ad account shut down I'm shocked that it hasn't happened yet so let's just kind of change this now before it's too late so the messaging then became okay we're selling a 5k product who's gonna be able to buy a 5k product probably someone making around I would say upwards of 120 100 above 120k a year because they're making upwards of 8k a month they probably have a little bit saved up and it may be a little bit more okay busy professionals and entrepreneurs are the ones in that category I thought about no shit people like you people like my friends that run agencies people that whatever sales reps guys like that guys who are busy professionals or entrepreneurs those guys because they actually have that side of their life together they're not dummies so we don't talk to them like dummies we tell them the truth hey you're a great guy you just don't know what you're doing when it comes to women we want to give you a simple blueprint strategy that you can follow with women that's easy and repeatable saves you time makes it simple for you to understand exactly what to say to a woman so you can be able to get one new date a week that was the other thing is they were saying five to seven new dates a week that sounds like a headache to me any guy who's actually busy with busy leads to income five to seven dates a week sounds like there's no way I can do that I need to be retired a little bit much a little bit much but that's every week every day every day sometimes you need to do two a day if you're really going to get into it because you have to maybe you have a day where you can't go on a date but my god they were just like adamant on that's the messaging just imagine the quality of that it was awful I think they were averaging like 1.1 ROAS on it and sometimes even some months I remember looking it was like 0.3 on the ROAS yeah of course because look at what you're doing so and just to circle back for everyone that's listening they were doing a 1.1 0.3 ROAS and this is just on the landing page and like their VSL side that you adjust a lot of this copy I mean I know it was probably on both sides but yeah I mean that was the only offer they had and it was like you know everything after that that we went for was the audience that we already had and I mean dude it was a whole story but the strategy that I'm laying out took them from 1.1 ROAS to 3.64 ROAS so I changed the messaging on the VSL on the ads on the landing page on everything just total messaging it was no longer attraction mechanism blah blah blah appealing it no very specific this blueprint helps busy professionals and entrepreneurs benefit benefit I can't remember my exact headline that I used for it but then the entire thing was just explaining to them hey like you're a lot of guys think that something's wrong with them and so they go back into this cycle of I just need to hit the gym or I just need to make more money dude I'm telling you right now you could be with an absolute stunner you could be with someone that just makes you go wow it makes you feel amazing you don't have to go to bed alone at night thinking about you know just oh what could have happened and everything like that there's a way for you to take advantage of it the only thing that's holding you back it's not your looks it's not your money it's not anything like that it is your ability to know what to say and I want to show you a system that gives you the exact thing to say very replicatable system a very replicatable process that'll help you actually crush in your dating life and 3.64 ROAS so it's like wait is it 6 3.64 ROAS 3.64 ROAS that is insane 3.64 ROAS so it's like wow the thing that changed it though was that we're speaking to people who can actually afford the freaking product and we're actually talking to their core desire their core desire was not like those guys does not sleep with every single one maybe some of them is but for the most part you know what those guys want they just want a girlfriend bro they just want to meet they just want to meet that special lady you know they just want to have that they want to feel validated they're like I'm doing all this work and I can't even get a girl like you have to really insert yourself in the market it happened to be very convenient for me because I was a part of that market at one point and also when I was reading through some of these guys' stories again doing my research Reddit Amazon all these different things reading through it same consistent story again and again and again they would start like doing work on their dating life RSD all these different products and then they would see no results and then so they'd go back to money muscle game and they would be like oh I'm gonna go red pill I need to read more red pill books I need to lift more I need to make more money and everything like that and then when they finally had enough free time they would go and do it and again they go back what they're not understanding is that they're really bad at communicating with women they don't really understand that it's actually very simple it's very easy to communicate with a woman you just need to indicate as a high value guy like I was at I was at dinner the other day with a friend and the server was gorgeous and I was just in the middle of it she was like checking someone out at the little POS thing and I just walked up to her and just talked to her and got her number I came back and said did you really just do that just now and I was like it's not hard it's very simple I'm like this guy's a multi-millionaire that I'm talking to and he doesn't understand how simple it is they don't get it they think it's this very complicated thing so it just shows me the whole market is like that for the most part I don't want to dive into that but that's one example of it where people's messaging sometimes does not match the demographic they're going after I see this so much with high ticket coaching where they're selling like a 5k product but their messaging is more so for a low ticket buyer your low ticket buyer like those are your 0 to 1 people these are the people who are starting at 0 they don't even have like I would say that a low ticket product like the dating market would just be like introducing them to the concept of self-development and that's it these are the guys like those deli workers bus drivers those are those guys they're a low ticket buyer the high ticket buyer they're at a different sophistication level so your messaging needs to appeal to that person right there and their understanding of the market is they're not dummies you know at that point they've seen a lot of it they've done the work they've read on it they've watched courses they've done this whatever it is in a case of econ products they've bought multiple products that maybe haven't worked for them so like let's let's take this for instance with go back to the skincare example I just like that one because I've worked with them and it's pretty easy but a skincare example so again when I was talking about the different demographics different messaging 60 year old woman versus 25 year old woman okay the 25 year old woman is more concerned with the fact like let's go even back to number two where I was talking about stories let's say we had an ad where it starts off with you wake up at the morning in the morning look in the mirror and there it is again girl sees that first line she's like what is that what's the thing that I've seen again a nice big red pimple smack center in the forehead and it's just the girl's like yes I've had that every single human being ever has had that it's a cold read it's like if I were to tell you I think you have a scar on your knee yeah because most kids most people have scars on their knees because when they were kids they fell scraped their knee like how many kids do you see walk around with a big old scab on their knee so it's a cold read so you see a zit on your head all of a sudden you realize that dinner that you're going tonight to you can't take the picture with all the girls you're gonna have to put on makeup you're gonna have to figure out something to do should you pop it should you leave it like I'm just walking through the conversation that's going on in their head and that messaging a 60 year old woman a 60 year old woman she's not even really getting acne at that point it's more about dry skin and aging skin and stuff like that but that girl doesn't understand that the reason why she got the acne was because her skin was too oily but when she went to bed and so she needed to put something on her face that's going to reduce the oil a little bit while she sleeps because you're you're eight hours you're sitting in that oily state like yes you're gonna get all of a sudden it's gonna go right there and then you're gonna have a zit right there it's gonna happen so that different demographic requires different messaging now imagine that what I'm really going after now it's a different level of income on it okay so let's say that it's I'm going after these 25 year old girls but maybe I'm going after actually I have a little bit pricier skincare package it's like a $400 $500 thing the 25 year old girls probably aren't gonna be the best ones to go after for that because are they gonna use daddy's credit card and everything on that no a lot of them are not gonna be the one for that so we need to go for a little bit of an older audience okay we need to go after a little bit of a 30 year old audience probably those girls maybe we've got their career pumping a little bit or they're married or something like that so maybe then what I would do is in the ad is talking about you know having to hide the cream on the date with your husband later tonight okay different audience different messaging I'm appealing to that person that person has that ability to pay for that okay so I look at this a lot where people have a price point let's say you're selling a very high ticket product but then the the price does not match the audience you're talking to in your messaging same thing reverse is that like you have a low ticket product but then you're talking to this like very sophisticated very like advanced market they're just gonna look at it as a scam and I don't even care about it so understanding this this fine game of go back and forth back and forth of like understanding okay where's my messaging at where's my market at where's my demographic at what's the price point at how do I appeal to that price point on it am I maybe talking the wrong demographic here it's another big mistake that I see copywriters making I mean I think they took a crack at three different VSLs before I came in in that dating company every single one of those copywriters did not understand that because what are they doing they're just like let me make a little bit of a tweak to the last one or let me just look at what the market's doing but they don't understand that there's a a dynamic difference in the price point the demographic the understanding of the market itself you have to understand the market inside and out and if you don't already know it because sometimes I come into it and I'm like someone's doing weight loss and it's lifting and everything like that I know that market that's easy for me if I'm dating I know that market that's easy for me but like turmeric I don't have joint pain just yet so what do I do Amazon Reddit stuff I'm doing you need to understand the market really really well this is what allows you to understand the messaging that's going to match the demographic to the point where and here's here's the nuke here's the nuke all you're trying to get the person to say is I've had that experience that's it if you can get your prospect to say that they're sold because then they know your product solves that problem for them I've had that experience that's what you're trying to do in your ads that's what you're trying to do in your landing pages that's what you're trying to do in your messaging overall is get people to say I've had that exact experience and that's what really gets people to buy right there is it's like hey yeah I have that I want that problem solved so those are my three things it's creative brief first thing second one is stories and features the features and benefits they're great all these different things but writing more stories those are great those are really what's going to help I think sell and tell the story behind your brand tell the story behind and I didn't even touch on that inside of stories it's like not just story of your product but like how did your brand come to be okay some of you it was just a drop shipping product you didn't really care but others of you you know it's a dog food product and you were really sick and tired of sourcing the same dog food from the place and it was like dried up and your dog didn't like it and they wouldn't eat it and they weren't getting the proper nutrition so you started making this and then all of a sudden your friends started asking for it it's a great story to tell your audience wants to know about that it's brand education on it so that's the second part is the stories and the third one is understanding your different demographics require different messaging making sure you're not messing that up with the price plan I don't even know how to distill that down into a title because it's a very complicated topic that a lot of times I have to come into the brand and like I have to read surveys of people that are coming through I need to look at oh hey yeah you're just selling to the wrong audience or your price point is for the wrong audience or your messaging is for the wrong audience right there so that's the main three that I see as massive problems inside the market yeah dude I am shocked right now this is absolutely massive amount of value so I hope you guys who are watching this right now those guys who stuck through for this whole video you're in for a real treat because all of these things I can attest to they've been massive helps in our campaign some of these things we've just done subconsciously while even like you know having a specific step-by-step process and Nick brought it down broke it down perfectly so yeah definitely recommend implementing all of these I guarantee you will see amazing results with this but Nick so for those who currently went through this whole thing and was like all right wow this is really amazing a lot of value how do I implement this and I know you know some of you guys are going to take this and run it try to do it yourself and some of you guys who are probably wondering you know hey you know what's some of the next steps like what do you recommend so go hire a copywriter you don't have one if it's just you doing it like hire someone that's a professional on it is that me maybe depends but a lot of the times what I see is that it's a brand or it's an agency and they already have an in-house copywriter and they're working on that but the in-house copywriter this is again like understanding demographics on it someone that takes an in-house role is not a super advanced a very skilled copywriter because like I look at myself why would I limit myself to one client and because it's a lot of work as an in-house copywriter why would I limit myself to my income and if I know like it's like a sales rep I my income is boundless I can make as much as I want why would I limit myself to that so you have to understand it's a beginner copywriter right there so what I recently rolled out this is basically an in-house copywriter training program and if you need to place a copywriter we can definitely have you go through a couple of my different people that I know and get you a placed copywriter inside of your team but it's a coaching program where we take your copywriter and every single week they're getting on calls with me they're going to be working on your campaigns your landing pages your emails whatever the heck it is and if you're an agency it's for your clients and all that and what we're going to do is every single week they're going to have a call with me twice a week and I'm going to be going through and coaching them just think about what I've talked about here hey we have a skincare brand Nick I need help with this and I'm going to help them structure the campaign hey here's what I would do for the copy they need review for their copy the reason why I'm really excited for this and I think this is awesome is I don't see anyone offering this really specifically for in-house copywriters and the thing is that like you look at a sales rep a sales rep needs coaching they need someone to role play with and they need someone to be able to help them improve their selling ability they need to listen to their calls and everything like that but nobody thinks to do this with their copywriters and so they just go through copywriter after copywriter not thinking I can probably improve the copywriter I have right now and that's really what my program does it helps improve that copywriter and supercharge your team so I have a little special promo for anyone that's watching this that comes from Nick's channel so there's going to be a link I'm guessing in the bio or something like that I don't know right below this video so on that page there's a quick little four minute video that explains exactly what I do and how this program works and everything like that link for you to book a call if you book a call mention Nick on the call that Nick not me Nick you mention Nick on the call then what we're going to do is we're actually going to give you a month free of the Voxer voice message support for your team the reason why that is super badass is that so we're going to have two calls a week at the start at the end of the week and between that time though your copywriter may have questions maybe you're the copywriter watching this or you're the media buyer watching this and you're like I need that I want that this program well you know you have those like days in between you're going to be able to get constant access to me just throughout the day hey I'm going to drop you a voice note just going to pop in real quick drop you a voice note on hey Nick I'm not too sure on this headline right here what do you think of this right here and just send it over to me boom I actually think you should tweak it right here and here that you're going to get a full month of that $1,000 a month on the bolt-on for that but you're going to get that for free and say hey you actually sent me I watched it from this YouTube video I'm going to throw that in for free for you so it's a nice little promo I had to do a nice little promo for the team Nick was like maybe do like 10% off I'm like we can make it better than that we can make it easier than that we don't need it we got to sweeten up the deal for you guys but yeah guys if you don't know how powerful that is because yeah you can go implement all this yourself you'll see really amazing results but also too if you do work with someone that's a marketing genius copywriting genius like Nick that does help your advantage with your ads and stuff like that because a lot of you guys do know that I'm a big advocate for testing new ads on a weekly basis improve that messaging find winners way faster find winners faster it'll increase to a lot you'll spend more make more with your brand yeah 100% I think that for the most part if you really want to understand this market in general like especially just where the state as doesn't matter whether you're an agency doesn't matter whether you're a info product doesn't matter whether you're an e-com brand we talked about market sophistication we touched on it very lightly here there are limited I honestly can't even name any of market sophistication level one or level two which is like first to market second to market almost everything is in the stage of mechanisms mechanisms competing and everything has been tried and now the market like I mean most markets are level four or five the way you get past that is exactly what Nick said right here you have to test new stuff someone has to come in and just change the messaging entirely when I look at the campaign that I built out for that dating company copywriter after copywriter try the same thing let's just do this talk about this talk about that no one ever thought to just hey why don't we talk directly to guys experience and just talk about the fact that maybe they just want a girlfriend they don't want to have seven dates a week or anything like that it's just outside eyes sometimes people are a little bit too close to their company and that's what causes them to stay stuck with the creative absolutely I think that's probably the biggest thing that we've been able to help our clients succeed it's just outside source different perspective bringing in those new ideas and really allows you to change things up with someone that literally specializes this as a living versus hey I'm trying to grow a business let me try to do ads let me try to do inventory let me try to do all this other stuff like that so but look Nick this has been absolutely impressive and I'm very happy you came on because you know you're also a good friend in real life but also to just you provide a lot of value and you have one hell of a story as well too which we didn't get to into well that's a whole other video so if you guys do want Nick to come back on board let's get this like at least 50 likes on this video and maybe we can drop another part two with a little bit more into Nick's copywriting career but Nick before we hop off is there any places that people can follow you so Instagram and Twitter is the man if you go on there there's a link to my sub stack as well I send out emails every single day I'm actually about to write one up after this call those are the main places where I'm producing content on a I got to step up the YouTube game you crush these YouTube videos every single week I'm just like it's just another platform to add to the carousel of platforms man you know everything starts it's honestly easier to be on YouTube and branch out to other platforms and to be on other platforms and branch out to YouTube because YouTube is 10 times more work but I can explain more after we drop 50 likes below we'll have more any questions or anything like that drop it below too as well we'll be happy to answer it make sure that like button drop a comment below and hit that subscribe for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday thanks again Nick for coming on and we'll chat with you guys later peace