So you're getting bad performance with your Facebook ads, and you're curious of Nick, how do I fix this bad performance? Well, today I'll be showing you guys an account that we literally took from an $83, $90 cost per acquisition all the way down to a $28 cost per acquisition. And we'll continue to actually like lower this even further, but just to show you guys like a real life example of, oh shit, Nick fucked up, bad performance, and how Nick fixes that bad performance.

So let's dive into the video. So this is an account right here that we're working on, and you can see right now we're getting a $28 cost per purchase. Now, this is a brand new account.

Like this is all brand new. We only have one campaign. There's no like sorted campaigns where it only shows this campaign.

Like this is it. We launched this account sometime early, like July. I wanna say it was like the 25th we launched it, 26th we launched it, right?

And we start off, I think like $50 a day. We start with this campaign, and literally from the first launch all the way to, I don't know, let's just say like the first week, Friday to Friday. First week it was active.

We spent $316 and got $158 cost per purchase. And I wanna show you guys how exactly we lowered this. So we started off, very bad cost per purchase.

This is where people would literally have shut this store down and completely just been like, I give up on trying to start a Shopify store and like logged off and never touched this account again. Well, this is where we thrive. This is where we're like, hey, no, keep spending.

Even though you're losing money, keep spending. And this is why I tell people, hey, pick a budget that you can afford to spend for at least 30 days every day at a complete loss. Because this gives us time in the market to let Facebook optimize.

And it also gives us time to start testing creatives. So this account right here, we started off and I'm just gonna kind of play like a week by week case for you guys. So we started off end of July and I think we literally ran this for like three whole weeks before we actually got the second round of ads in this account.

And that was just because there was a couple of technical issues with influencers and content creators that we had to sort out. Also too, when I first launched an account, I like to let it run for a couple of days, a couple of weeks, you know, to kind of get optimized first. So we were dealing with like a, basically at this given time right here, about $106 cost per purchase for the first 25-ish days, that was active.

30 days was active, $94 cost per purchase in this account. And then just to like give you guys more context, like every one of these ad sets have a different round of creatives in it. And this is all through research and positioning and strengthening the headline desires, all of that good stuff that I teach in my ebook below, adsetscalebook.com, where I'll give you a step-by-step instruction manual on exactly how to do all of this in terms of the creative creation.

And, you know, week by week, we're going on with this account, not really seeing too much success. We start testing new creatives and just to kind of show you here, just another boom, another round of creatives. Cool.

We're still about that $103 mark and you can see right there, like there's more creative ad sets starting to get some spin, but not seeing success. And at this given point now, we're a little over a muffin with this account. Go about another couple weeks in.

All right, cool. We're about five weeks in now. We have 103 takes off.

So you look right here, Monday to Monday, we have 102 still getting all the spin. 103 was launched. And then we look at the second through the 8th of September.

You know, we have 103 come in place. So we have finally a new winning creative and we go from like a $95 CPA down to a $69 CPA. So we got CPA down by literally $20.

Now we're still not in the clear. We need to be about $10 to $15 for this account. So let's keep pushing.

We do a whole nother week of creative testing. We try some other creatives, still not really seeing any success. Then this week, we test some more creatives, still not seeing success.

And then I was Friday the 20th where we launched 109 right here. And this particular one starts to expand. And we look at Friday, a little bit of spin.

Saturday, we get a little bit more spin. Sunday, we get a little bit more spin. Monday, we get a little bit more spin.

And we drop cost purchase all the way down to about $15 that Monday. Just to show you Friday the 20th. So like basically the last week of September, we ran cost per purchase down to $29.

Again, still not exactly where we want to be, but you'll see how CPA literally went from $90 to $75 all the way down to $29. But we kept finding new winning ads to take over this account. And then pretty much from Friday the 20th, Tuesday the 30th, we're sitting at a $28 CPA.

So we were able to reduce CPA by over 60% for this account. And again, that's just every ad set. Like each one of these ad sets is a flexible set of creatives.

Just go look at my video of how to use flexible creative. And I'll go over all of that good stuff there. But yeah, just to show you kind of more of how this account is structured, how we were having bad performance, how we were able to lower it, and then how we're going to continue to lower it to hit that goal of where we can actually start, really start to spend more.

We're kind of at a break-even level at this $30 where we're like, we're not really like losing money, but we're not really making money. And so that's why the next thing we want to do now is we want to start looking at now how we bring it a little bit lower. And then we also want to look at how can we improve AOV as well?

So that way we have a little bit more profit per order and then also retention as well. So that way we also have more customers coming back and purchase again. So really hope this guys helped us out.

If you want to learn more about like actually how to create creatives and how to like do like your creative testing and stuff like that in your ad account, then click the link below to ads.scalebook.com where I literally go over step-by-step our ad creation process. It's more of an instruction manual from start to finish of how to create an ad, like what to say in the ad, how to position your product in the ad, how to target your customer avatar, all of those good things that you need to do when it comes down to creating creatives that scale. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name's Nick Terrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.