So what does all of these case studies right here in front of me have in common? All of these stores that some of these clients we've helped scale to multiple million dollars a month with Facebook ads and some literally from a couple thousand dollars a month to a couple hundred thousand dollars a month. And that is all of these clients use one audience.

They all use the same exact audience inside of Facebook. And I'm going to show you that audience. I'm going to reveal it today in today's video for you guys to leverage as well.

Now, this particular audience right here, is it an interest audience? Is it a custom audience? Is it a lookalike audience?

Well, this audience itself actually that we leverage is called broad targeting. Now, broad targeting is essentially where you go and you use age, gender, and location. That's the only thing you adjust inside of the ad account.

Now, the reason why I personally love broad targeting is because it eliminates extra decisions you have to make in the ad account. Like I can't stand like going and starting to test new creatives inside of the account and then like a creative not work and then have to be like, oh, what was the audience? Or is it the ad creative?

It's just like, cool. The ad creative didn't work. We move on.

I don't sit there and have like test interest and things like that. So that's personally why I like broad targeting. I also like broad targeting because all of our clients that we've been able to scale and we've scaled clients literally from $0 a month to $30,000 a month for broad targeting.

We have clients that we've scaled from 100k to two and a half, $3 million a month with broad targeting. And my favorite thing about is it works at all levels. There's less decisions you have to make and it's purely relying on the creative to do all the work, which, you know, if we just take a step back and think about it, it's like, you know, my YouTube channel, a lot of all these other organic influencers that are crushing it all.

It's all because of the content itself. The content is what creates the likes, the contents, recreates the comments, the shares, followers and everything. And that's the same thing with Facebook ads, the content you put in that ad, that creative, whether it's a video and a photo and exactly what you say in that video, where it's filmed.

All of those key things plays a huge impact of the type of people that are targeted by your Facebook ads. So let's just kind of take a step back for a quick second. Let me just show you guys what broad targeting is.

If you go ahead, create a campaign, let's just do sales really quick. You can click on manual sales campaign, advantage shopping campaign. That's I don't really use those.

I don't care for them. I don't like advantage plus audience. And I have videos on that in the channel.

And that's just another topic to be discussed outside of this video. Let me just click off this. And then we're going to do this.

And we're going to do this. Boom. And then let's go click on next.

And we're actually going to get to our ad set level. Now click on website. And this works with lead generation.

This works with e-com, with purchases and stuff. We've used this for one of our e-com or one of our legion clients specifically. In fact, let me actually just scroll up right here.

We literally spent $9 million on broad targeting. And over the course of two years right there, that's literally $4.5 million a year on broad targeting. That's what somewhere around $400,000 I'm off on broad targeting.

So we've done this with lead generation. And we've also done this with e-com for a variety of just different industries and different products. So yeah, this go ahead and select your data set, which is AKA your pixel purchase event.

Boom. That's what I want. I'm optimizing for purchases here.

And then obviously like, you know, I use flexible creative, so I'm not going to turn on dynamic creative. And then here, we're going to go to your audience controls. Now here, you want to make sure you click on, it's going to be C, it's going to be the manual audience, which is right here, switch to original audience options.

Now this is your quote unquote broad targeting. Now again, it's age, gender, location. This particular ad account is my personal ad account.

It's my digital products, my lead generation for the agency and my mentorship, my inner circle. So I'm technically going after a USA, I can do anyone 18 to 65 for this particular program. So I'm not going to change the age.

And for genders, I have a mix of genders in it. I have men and I have girls. So I'm not going to select anything here.

There's no need for me to select anything specifically here. Now from here, I'll just simply go ahead, click on next. And that's when I load in my creatives inside of the account and, you know, go ahead and create my creatives and stuff like that.

Now, this is where you have to understand that your creatives create the audience. What you put in that creative, what you say, who you show in that creative, where the ads filmed, all of this plays a significant impact in your performance and who is targeted by that creative right there. AI is powerful, you know, and let's just take a step back.

Like for the people that are crushing it on organic, that's watching this video and stuff right now. There is no such thing as like, oh, I upload an organic reel. I need to go make sure I target these specific people.

No, you just upload the content and boom, meta does its job of targeting your reel from the right people. Same thing here with an ad. It's you upload that creative, Facebook analyzes it.

It will literally, if it's a video, it'll sit there and analyze every single little thing from that video. If it's a photo, it'll analyze everything. It'll, it'll take the script from it.

It'll analyze the words in it. It does all that and pulls all those keywords after it uses his AI analysis of that creative right there. And then it goes find people that are, you know, interested in those things right there.

And then what it'll do categorizes those people. And then it starts putting your ad in front of people, literally every single person it puts your ad in front of, it'll, it'll either be like, yeah, this person likes it or no, this person hates it. And what Facebook will do is every time someone dislikes it, it doesn't put people that add in front of those people anymore.

And it puts it more in front of these people. And it'll just keep doing that with every impression over and over and over and over and over. And it'll consistently do that.

And it, there's no such thing as like a, like for me, like I don't look at it as learning phase. I don't look at it as learning. I just look at it as like Facebook's always optimizing to find the right people consistently 24 seven inside of the ad account.

So this is just something right here that I want to show you real quick. And then here's just more proof in the pudding. This is for one of our clients.

This client's actually running app installs right here. And the reason why I say that is because this is broad targeting on app installs, you know, again, just another completely different niche industry, all that, that's also crushing far. And this particular one right here, this both same ad set, same creative.

The only thing different here is that one is a female golfer in it and one's a male golfer in it. Now this male golfer one right here, we had $600 spin on female and $9,400 spin on male. Now, again, this is letting the algorithm do its own job.

We're not actually doing anything right there of manipulating that data. So yeah. So because we put a male golfer in it, female golfers are not really, you know, clicking on that.

They're swiping past that. So Facebook serving less to female. Now for male $9,400, because again, the men were interested in this one, more men are interested, less girls were interested.

Guess what? It pushed more on men. Now here's an interesting one.

This is a twofold right here. This is a female golfer in this particular creative. Again, both roughly spent about the same 10 K spin, 11 K spin.

So both roughly about the same amount. Now this particular creative right here spent $7,600 on female, 10 times more on female. Was it because, Oh, this product is more geared towards female?

No, we created an ad creative that could actually target a female. Cause again, both of these 18 plus USA broad targeting. And then we also did spend a good amount of men.

Now to be fair, it's why I said it's a twofold because there was a lot of men that swiped on this because it was a attractive female golfer. So this is where it's a twofold. Now to be fair here, overall ad stats, this female golfer ad crushed it.

Why? Cause it was serving the female audience and it was serving the male audience. Now to be fair here, I wouldn't, I wouldn't specifically put someone of attractiveness to do something like that.

But again, it was just a by-product of this particular ad right here. And again, this one crushed it. So we have this ad right here, that's crushing it, serving a large portion of female.

And then this ad right here is serving a large portion of male. Um, and we're able to hit both of those audiences, but we, you, you, you see right here, we didn't just go in target female with this ad. We didn't go specifically saying, Hey, we want to reach more female.

Let's go in like, boom, change the ad sets of female. No, we specifically made an ad creative to appeal to female. And we let Facebook do its thing.

Now there is quote unquote, some, what I would say exceptions to this, right? Like that particular product could satisfy both men and women. This particular product that I'm about to promote, you know, my quote unquote inner circle program, it satisfies both men and women.

Now let's say for example, I was running a female clothing boutique specifically only for females. 90% of the year, it's only going to be females buying, you know, from our brand. So I'm only going to target women.

The only time I'll target men is I'll create a separate campaign for men and I'll separately target men specifically around like Christmas time and mother's day. So that way we can persuade them to buy our product as a gift. So that's about the only time.

Also, maybe if we're running a men's clothing brand, same thing right there. It's only for men, boom. So that's the only time I would do only men or only women.

Now locations, the last thing I want to cover because I'm only targeting USA here. I personally only, only recommend one location per campaign. And let me go over a couple of scenarios here because that kind of confuses people sometimes.

So let's say for example, this product, I can serve anyone, anywhere in the world. I have people that are all over the world in my inner circle program. So if I was launching ads for this product, I would only target USA getting started or, or I would only target the location that the dominant amount of people, I'd say probably like 50% of the people in the group is USA and probably 40% of the group of people from like the Netherlands, for example.

So I would only target kind of the dominant location that bring me a lot of sales without first campaign. Once I started scaling that campaign up, I'll create additional campaigns for other countries we want to target. That's perfectly fine.

That's not going to create auction overlap because they're all targeting separate locations. Now the next one to look at is, well, Nick, what if I'm running local ads? And then in that example right there, then sure, I'd only be targeting that little local city.

Let's say for example, for one of our insurance clients, they have multiple different agents in multiple different cities. So we have a different campaign for each one of those cities. So that way we can throttle ad spin relative to how busy or how slow that particular agent is.

So we can kind of have more control over their schedule. So that's where like those unique scenarios come in play. But overall, you know, it's always one location.

Most of the time it's all gender. And then most of the time it's age. And in fact, we'll talk on age real quick.

We have one particular product. It's like an alcohol related product. We have to target 21 plus.

So we specifically target 21 plus. We have insurance related product that's only for people 60 plus. So guess what?

We only target 60 plus. Now, most of the time in general, we target 18 plus unless there's a specific regulation to our product like the alcohol product or the insurance product where we have to target one of those specifically. Now, if there is a scenario where we are targeting 18 plus and we see a significant amount of ads, again, significant amount of ad spin going to a particular age group with significantly poor results, then we'll look at, you know, editing that age gap and actually removing that age gap right there to where it's only targeting the more profitable.

But most of the time, it's not a ad set setting. It's that, hey, you're simply creating creatives. That's only appealing to that group.

And that's why Facebook is spending significant amounts on it right there. So you just have to be kind of cautious about that right there in terms of, you know, when you're looking at it from that perspective. Now, just a couple of the last things real quick about broad targeting, just other objections I've gotten before brand new accounts.

That's probably the biggest one I consistently get over and over and over broad targeting is brand new accounts. Look, go on my YouTube channel. I have a video called zero 30 K and I literally show you week by week by week of the exact creatives we ran week by week of us scaling an account from zero to 30 K a month using broad targeting right there.

So yes, it does work for brand new accounts. Another common objection I get to broad targeting, it's lower quality people. And that's actually completely false.

Broad targeting doesn't serve your audience to lower tier people. It serves your people to exactly what you want, which is purchases or leads or ads or carts or view content, whatever you're optimizing that ad set for. That's what it's focusing on.

If you're getting low quality people, it's not the ad set optimization. It's your creative. It's what you're putting in that creative.

That's what's attracting low tier people or just simply your website or your product is not, you know, correctly calibrated. And there's something more deeper on the back inside right there. So that's probably the main things I get with broad targeting.

Um, but yeah, it's the audience only audience we use. It's the only audience we've done to make some amazing case studies and hope you all enjoyed this video. Hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Terrier, run your Facebook ads. And if you want me to mentor you, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you.

Thank you all so much for watching. Y'all have a good rest of your day. Peace out.