These are the best Facebook ads to run if you want to hit a million dollars a month with Facebook ads. We've taken a few brands now to a million dollars a month, such as clothing brands, wall art brands, sports ball brands, even some lead generation clients. And today we're going to be going over the exact Facebook ad creatives that we've used in some of these accounts that's helped us hit a million dollars plus in a month with Facebook ads.

So we're going to start off with a story Facebook ad. And this is basically where you go and you take a problem or a desire or a symptom across the marketplace. And you can't get to sell my car with it.

Here's an account right here where we wrote a story about, you know, use car dealerships and getting a quote for your car and how, you know, we basically just kind of create this whole story around someone going to a dealership, getting a quote, it was really bad and then using our product, which just made it so much easier for them to get this, what I would say, like to sell their vehicle. So we took what they wanted and we just showed a better solution around that. But we told it as a story.

People love stories. People invest in stories. People love telling stories.

And it's a lot more entertaining and engaging than just your simple, regular, direct response style ad. But we still take consideration of awareness, sophistication, desire, and all these fundamentals we teach. But we still take all that into consideration when we're writing these story ads.

Here's another really good example right here, which I know you have already seen on the YouTube channel before. This is for my girl. For the girls night angle.

And all we did was just told a story of how a girl recently did this on a girls night and how much she loved it and how fun it was and all of those good things. And again, just leveraging that story example. So next one I like to call is the exaggeration ad.

And basically what you do is you take what people desire and you just simply exaggerate the benefits of it. Hey, if people desire to make money, I'm going to exaggerate how much money people are going to make. Exaggerate how fast they'll make the money.

Exaggerate the things they'll buy with that money. We see that very common in the guru space. Now here I focus on the example of exaggeration for a hemp product.

Going over just exaggerating the high they will get with it. We showcase her eyes really red. We showcase literally that's it.

We literally showcase her eyes being really red. The product, how the product is taken. And that's it.

It was a very simple ad. And that ad literally dropped our cost per acquisition from $100 to $27 for that particular client right there. Now the next one is before and after.

But we know before and afters will get you banned. So what can we do to make before and afters that are ethical for Facebook or Facebook compliance? And you cannot showcase money in a before and after.

You cannot showcase hair. You cannot showcase teeth. You cannot showcase skin.

And you can't showcase specific parts of the body. So how can you make a before and after that still is Facebook compliant and still get you results? And my favorite way is to do before and afters with metaphors.

So here we're highlighting the benefits that this product gives you. And we're showing a before and after that resembles a metaphor basically of what this does for you just without showing that body part there. These work phenomenal.

I absolutely love these. Now next one is a better product than competitors. And here is where we're literally just highlighting a negative complaint about competitors products.

Just go look at the reviews, the negative reasons why people hate them. And you just simply pick in one of the things such as, for example, this one, finally a coffee alternative that tastes like coffee. All we're simply doing is pulling the idea of that the competitors, theirs tasted terrible.

So we're just simply highlighting that ours actually tastes like coffee. That's it. We found this from research and we made that ad right there.

It's a very simple ad to make. This works really well when you have competitors in your marketplace. And then here, this is another example of kind of highlighting that we have a better product slash a better solution than competitors.

And what we want to do here is we want to bring awareness to a problem within the current product people are using. So this is more for your unaware market. So people might be unaware that a product they're using right now is actually hurting them.

And I wish I could show you guys the creative because we spent a couple hundred thousand dollars on this creative itself. But we're an NDA with this client. So I can't actually show y'all the creative.

So I made a slight altercation or alternation to that script and made it in terms that you would resemble with. So the hook, the actual winning hook was little known secret about. And then I can't say the thing, but there you go.

Little known secret about. And I'm just going to rewrite this in terminology that you guys would understand. So that way you can replicate this script.

Little known secret about ABO campaigns that could cost you thousands. So little known secret about ABO campaigns. I'm calling out people that's using ABO campaigns.

And I'm also highlighting there's a little known secret about them. So this intrigues you to want to watch more because you're trying to understand what this little known secret is. You don't know if it's good and you don't know if it's bad.

You just know there's this little known secret about ABO campaigns and I use ABO campaigns. So what could this secret be? But then I say that could cost you thousands.

So when I just say little known secret about ABO campaigns, you don't know where to categorize this information in your head. But then when I say that could cost you thousands, you start to categorize this as a potential threat or a potential fear right here of losing a lot of money. So then I go and I educate you on this thing.

So that could cost you thousands. When you run an ABO, Facebook competes against itself, skyrocketing your cost per purchase. So now I am highlighting the problem.

I made you from unaware to now problem aware of Facebook competing against itself and skyrocketing your cost per acquisition. So now what is the solution? This is why all the successful advertisers like to use CBO.

CBO reduces your auction overlap. Now I'm highlighting this solution. I'm highlighting how it helps you.

I'm highlighting the fact that it helps you lower your cost per acquisition. Then I'm even highlighting a few testimonials. And then now I'm doing the call to action, which again, the call to action can be whatever.

It could be a guide. It could be a product. It could be a strategy session, whatever that might be for you.

Again, like I mentioned, this is not actually the ad itself that we spent a couple hundred thousand dollars on. It was for a insurance product, but I can, you know, I rewrote that script for you guys in terminology. You would understand.

So you can go replicate this for your product. Again, it works really well when people are already using a product or already using a solution. And we're just simply bringing awareness to a problem.

They're completely unaware to when they're using that product or that solution. Now, the next one is the benefit of the benefit. So this particular product itself, people were completely, what I would say, unaware to the need for this product, which was insulation for your attic.

So if we just basically ran out and said, hey, here's insulation for your attic. Boom. We did terrible with that.

Then we went to the next stage, which is here is how to stop air escaping from your house so you can have a cooler, warmer house. Did terrible for that. So then I was like, what is something that people are actually experiencing?

And that was, you know, their power bill being really high. That was something that people cared a lot about. And we needed a way to highlight the fact that our product can help with lowering that power bill.

So what you want to do is you want to do the benefit of the benefit. This is how you can make something more important in the user's eyes, which is one of the three reasons why people do not buy. So here we have product, which is attic insulation.

What is the benefit of it? Well, it'll stop air escaping or coming in so you can have a cooler, warmer house. All right.

If I have a cooler, warmer house, then what is the benefit of that? Well, I can run my HVAC system less, which means I can lower my power bill. So what I'll do is I'll start off with here's how you can lower your power bill and showcase proof in that ad of how to lower your power bill.

And then from there, show people where we can basically educate them more on how they can lower their power bill through the use of stopping air coming in their house. And then the way we do that is through insulation. So it's a great example, which is taking the benefit of the benefit of your product.

And these work really well, specifically for markets where people are not really fully aware of your product. They're unaware to your product or the problem they're unaware to. And people lack urgency of taking action right now.

Now, last one here technically is going over showcasing that lifestyle aspect. It works really well for clothing brands where we showcase the lifestyle and also to we showcase people that people want to look like. So here we're marketing to women and we're showcasing very attractive women wearing these loungewear or athletic apparel.

And it works really well because specifically for clothing, the best ads is when we use people that people want to look like. So whether it's clients that use very jacked guys for like selling to men or girls who are very beautiful for selling to women. And we're just simply showcasing those women wearing this product or those guys wearing the product.

We're also showing some lifestyle aspect of them wearing it out and about. And these work incredibly well when it comes down to clothing. So these are the best Facebook ads to run if you want to hit a million dollars a month.

And if you want us to help you create these Facebook ads, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. We specialize with businesses that are already at $100,000 a month and want to scale to a million dollars plus per month. And if you want to make money, click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads.

And if you're making less than $100,000 a month, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Where we'll work one-on-one together and help you revamp your business to get to that level of where you can start scaling to $100,000 plus a month. And then eventually us taking over.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.