Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

I'm actually going to show you all some of the targeting strategies that I use. So if I'm setting up a new campaign and stuff and I need to test some new audiences, this is kind of like my go-to process in terms of finding some look-likes, some interests, some people they may know, some competitors and stuff, and actually turning those into targetable interests that Facebook can use to like go and test them out. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Let's get started guys. Okay. So now that we're inside my computer, first thing I want you to do is go create a Google sheet and just make four columns inside of that Google sheet.

You can call it interest to test Facebook ads, whatever. And inside you're going to have one column for look-likes, one for competitors, one for people they know, and one for broad. And this symbolizes the four types of audiences that we go after inside of our ad account.

And it's good to have like a place to be able to put all of these audiences so we can actually test those, test those audiences. So we have look-likes, this might be some look-likes that you can expand on. So say for example, if your purchase 30 day LA 1% is the best performing look like in your ad account right now, have we tried a 2%?

Have we tried a higher percentage of that? So let's try a 2% of that purchase 30 day LA. Then the next thing is, have we tested video views?

Have we tested post engagement? Have we tested IG engagement? So looking at some of your social engagement stats, because those work really well, because you get a lot of, especially if you have a really hot ad that works really well, it gets a lot of engagement and stuff.

You can create some really cool look-likes based off around that. And then you can also ask the question, have a tested customer list? So uploading your newsletter to it, creating a look-likes, uploading your customer list, you know, that .csv file exported from Shopify as a look-likes and testing that.

And then you can also test exporting your top 20% of customers, your high value customers and running a look-likes based off of that. So make a list of the different look-likes you can expand on, create and test right there. So that'll be your column one right there.

Now your next thing is understanding the competitors of your brand. So what are the main competitors in your space? So say for example, if I'm running a gym clothing brand, my competitors are going to be Alphalete.

They're dominating the, you know, Alphalete, Gymshark. That's like the first two that popped to my mind. So I want to write those down.

Alphalete, Gymshark. And then what you want to do is you want to and see if you can target those things first as well. So you can just go to your ads manager.

This is our audience testing campaign right here. So again, this is our campaign. We dedicate to just testing audiences and that's it.

So ROAS sucks on it. That's okay. Because we're looking for the few right here that we can pull out and build further on.

So we use our proven ads to test new interests, new look-likes and stuff. And we do one per ad set. So what you can do is you can create a new ad set and just do it as like a dummy ad set to see as you add those people, those competitors to this column, if you can actually go target those with Facebook ads.

So start writing on all your competitors, Alphalete, Gymshark. And it doesn't need to be like, let's say for example, you know, I told this before, I told the person like, Hey, go list on all your competitors. And they're doing probably less than 25K a month and they're in a jewelry niche.

And the first thing they do is go look for other brands that are like that level. Like just cause you're on like the, like, you know, you're getting started with your brand. It doesn't mean your competitors, other people are getting started.

Your competitors are the bigger brands you look up to and the bigger brands that's already doing exactly what you want successively. So go write all of those down. And what we want to do is we want to test those individual interests.

If they're targetable inside a Facebook ads. Now, the next one is people they know. So for example, I'm like I said, if I'm doing a gym shark brand, you know, if I'm going to gym wear brand and my competitors, gym shark people, they know could also be all of the alpha, the athletes for gym shark.

So it could be David laid, for example, whatever, you know, the names, the people they know, the people they follow. This could be also song rap artists, music artists. This could be YouTubers, like people they follow on a day to day basis.

This could be where they're getting information from their gurus. They follow if I'm running a money mindset course, I might target people like Tai Lopez, people that these early entrepreneurs start to follow. So look at all the people they know, and it doesn't have to be specific, specific to the competitors.

It's just in general people they know. And how do I find this stuff? I'm just doing research.

I'm going on YouTube. I'm going on Google. I'm looking up, you know, I'm looking up like, for example, gym wear brand.

Okay. Gym, how to train better at the gym. And then I'm gonna start seeing all the gurus in those spaces right there.

So you need to just do some research. There's a lot of this is just a lot of research. This is not anything like really, really super specific right here of a step-by-step.

Now broad, this is where it gets fun. This is where it's literally just like, if you're selling gym wear and you're, let's say for example, a gym shirt, you can literally just type in broad gym shirt joggers. And there's literally specific interests for those right there.

So watch, let me just show you, for example. So I'm inside the ads manager and I can literally type in gym. And there we go.

We got a few different types of stuff. Again, your competitor right there, gym shark. So not, maybe not specifically for that one, but maybe let's see fitness, fitness, men's muscle and fitness, fitness girl.

So there's, there's different fitness targets you can target. And then let's see if I can do muscle building. So maybe if you're more into bodybuilding, muscle and fitness, muscle, cali muscle.

So like different things like that. And you can target specific interests for those right there. And again, just broad, we do this a lot with clothing brands where like they're selling a shirt, women's clothing, just super broad types of interests right there that work really well.

Now, promise you guys, I'll show y'all tool that I use to also speed this up a lot. And that is called interest explorer.io. I think I picked it up for like a hundred bucks.

Let's see, see our pricing. I want to say it was like a hundred bucks just for this one piece of software and you get it lifetime. So yeah, right there.

Standard one-time payment, 97 bucks. And it works absolutely amazing. So I use this for all of my brands, any brand that I'm working with and I need to figure out something, I'm using this.

So like, let's just say if we type in gym, so there we go. We're finding all of the highly relevant, you could say interests that are related to this core interest of just gym and, you know, pure gym, gym junkies, gym pass, gym Lee, the little gym, brain gym, gym bro, gym Jarmus, like all these different people. These are all people that relate to that thing right there, but also to, let's just try street wear a little bit more specific.

So hip hop music, street fashion, street wear, skateboarding, Supreme clothing, skateboard, ASICs, graffiti, a bathing ape. So like these are a lot of different related interests specific to street wear. So if I target street wear as a whole, these are likely all the different interests as well.

Facebook would target. So now let's do hip hop music and go further into it. And there we go.

We can look at other specific types of music they have. Tupac, Eminem, Bob Marley. So like these are different interests as well, as you can target specifically for the people they know as well.

So that's, that's a really good tool right there to use, but this is something that's been super, super powerful for me. And I do all of my planning now in interest Explorer. I don't even really use audience insights.

It's going away July 1st anyway. And even inside the ads manager, cause it only shows you a handful of suggestions. So like say if I type in hip hop music, like this is all it shows me for suggestions.

Whereas here, if I type in hip hop music, you know, it's 69 different suggestions. That's all related to that specific interest that I can literally just copy and paste into the ads manager. And it's super, super powerful.

Highly recommend getting this speed up that process. So again, create your Google sheet, create your four columns, start listing off the different things in here. You might not have 20 or 30, maybe even 50 total audiences you'll create inside this.

And then what you can do is you can create your audience testing campaign. And inside that audience testing campaign, create two to three new audiences every other, every few days, test three audiences at a time, each audience per ad set tested for three days in a row. So put three assets going on Monday, Wednesday afternoon, or Thursday morning, cut whatever didn't work, put them into your scaling campaign, and then test three more audiences.

And just keep going that over and over. And you're going to build up a big list of best performing audiences and stuff. But you can also create another Google sheet and log all that for organizational purposes and to turn back for in the future.

So hope this video helped you out guys. If you're an e-commerce business doing at least 25 to 50 K a month in revenue and wants to add an additional 50,000 to $300,000 a month in profit to your business, make sure you click the link below to book a call with this. So we helped multiple brands go from six figures to seven figures profitably with their paid advertising.

And we love to hop on a call with you and kind of show you our system and process to help your business out. Now, if you're doing under 25 K a month, stay tuned, keep watching the videos, stay up to date. I will be launching our course very soon, Elegant Econ, which is going to show you a lot of the strategies and stuff we use to scale businesses and, you know, helping you go from that zero to 25 K mark to that 50 K a month market where we can really help you out, continue to build your brand and scale profitably.

Well, guys, it's about that time. My name is Nick Theriault. Hope you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.