This is the best Facebook ads structure to run in 2025. So we recently took over this ad account and we were getting somewhere around like $45 cost per purchase and we were able to get it down to roughly $30. And I'm going to be showing you exactly step-by-step of us coming into the ad account, what changes we need to make to go to our kind of one campaign per business objective structure and then how we are able to swing from multiple campaigns all the way down to one per business objective.

So let's just dive into the account first. This is October 6th through the 12th. We pretty much took things over for the client around that time.

And you can notice right here, they have a lot of campaigns going. They have a creative testing campaign. They have this image hook campaign, ASC campaign, DCT campaign, another DCT campaign, and this magic's interest testing campaign.

They have a lot of different campaigns inside of the ad accounts. And again, multiple campaigns are not a problem. It's when you have multiple campaigns that all share the same objective.

An objective is when we're coming into the business and we want to push a part of the business to grow it. So like for example, in this particular client's case, they had one main product they want to push to grow and scale. So all of these campaigns are pushing that same product, which makes no sense.

If they had multiple different products and they want to do one campaign for this product, another campaign for this product, that would be fine. But multiple for one product, all it does is create auction overlap. If the account competes against itself and it makes it much more difficult to scale.

So we need to get the account in the proper, you know, what I would say foundation for us to start doing everything else to scale it. So the first thing we do is create a campaign. We call it TS prospecting.

You know, you call it whatever the fuck you want at the end of the day, but I always like to do my little initials. And what we do is we create a CBO campaign. A CBO campaign where the budget's controlled at the ad or the campaign level versus ad set level where you have to actually set the budget for each ad set.

I like it at the campaign level. That way Facebook can spend freely based off what's the highest confidence to perform. Now, what I do is I set this campaign at like $100 a day.

I know right here it's $1,000 a day and it's just because that's the time I screenshot it was after, you know, we already scaled up this account and stuff. But yeah, so that's the first thing right there. And then just to kind of show you a little bit more, let's see, this is going into, yeah.

So first thing we do is create that ad set. And this is just to show you how that campaign is set up. Again, it's one campaign, which is that prospecting campaign CBO.

And then we have one ad set inside of it. The ad set has no interest, no look likes, no custom audiences. It's purely just the location you want to target, the age group you want to target, and then the gender you want to target.

That's it. That's all we're putting in that ad set. We're doing automatic placements or Advantage Plus placements, and we're optimizing for purchases.

And then we're also doing manual, like audience or manual targeting. We're not using Advantage Plus targeting. I have plenty of other videos on that of why I don't do that.

And then all we do inside of that ad set is we put our top five best performing ads. So what I did was, is I looked at all of these five campaigns right here, and I pulled, like I went, I sorted by amount spent to see all the ads that are running collectively together between all these campaigns. And I just pulled the top five highest spending ads.

That's it. I put it inside of our prospecting CBO campaign right here inside that one ad set we created. And we just pulled the post ID for each one.

So we have our five best performing ads running in this one prospecting CBO campaign. And you can see right here, this is the same week that we launched everything, October 13th through the 19th, having everything in that one campaign. And then we could already see some decent performance getting started.

Now, keep in mind, I don't typically expect this campaign to perform right after we create it. And the main reason why is because we still have all these other campaigns that's competing against it. And these campaigns have been running longer.

They have more data behind it. So they're always gonna be priority to Facebook versus this campaign we just created. So we have to intentionally force these to start like force scaling these down and then start force scaling this campaign up.

And there will be a period of time where, yeah, like this campaign will have a worse performance, but we have to trust the process that over time, things will get better when we scale all these down to zero. And then we scale this one all the way up to take whatever budget it was. So we're originally spending about $1,000 a day before we launched this campaign.

When we came into the account with a $45 CPA. So our goal is to scale all these down to zero and this one all the way up to $1,000 a day. That's our whole goal from there.

And you can see right here, this is the following week, October 20th through 26. You can see we're starting to scale this one up more now. We're spending about $2,400 over a seven day period, which is a little over $300, $400 a day in ad spend.

We're starting to scale these down as well. And you can see this one still has the best cost per purchase, which is really good. Also too, for my CPM people, this one also has a much higher CPM than some of these others and a lower cost per purchase.

So yeah, another reason why I just don't give a fuck about CPM. Now around October 27th through November 2nd, again, we're still scaling down those other campaigns, but this is where we actually start launching inside of that prospecting CBO campaign we created. This is where we start launching those new ad sets with new creatives.

If you watch my video, zero to 30K with Facebook ads, I literally show you step-by-step of how we go over the course of 60 days with new ad sets, with new creatives and all that to keep testing and finding new winning ads. You'll notice exactly how we do that. Or if you watch my video, like the ultimate guides of flexible ads, I show you in both of those videos, exactly step-by-step of how we create new ad sets with new creatives to find new winning ads to where we can actually start, you know, being able to lower that cost per purchase even further to scale the account.

And we found this new winning ad, 103, where it took overall spin almost immediately, lowered cost per purchase all the way down to $26. And then we were able to keep scaling up till we hit that $1,000 a day of ad spend. And from October 7th to November 2nd, all of these other campaigns are officially off.

We've had them all scaled down to zero. Our prospecting CBO campaign is taking all the spin. It's intentionally taking all the spin because we scaled it all the way up to $1,000 a day.

And we lowered cost per purchase down to $26. Yeah, so just to start off, $45 to $26. Our target CPA is $30.

So we're able to, originally, we were doing $15 above target CPA. Now we're doing $4 below it. Because we're below target CPA, we're able to keep scaling this campaign up and further, you know, being able to, because again, we have $4 to basically like start spending more so we can hit that cost per purchase of $30.

So we can keep scaling this up even further. And we'll continue to keep testing new ads to hit other pockets of audiences of people inside of the ad account. So yeah, that's exactly how we took an account from $45 to $26 in the exact ad campaign structure that you need to run.

I know I'll probably get some questions like, well, should I do multiple campaigns? Should I do one campaign? So first off here, a couple things.

Number one, I like to do one campaign per location that I'm targeting. So if I was targeting Canada and Australia as well, in this account, I would have one campaign for Australia, one campaign for Canada. So that's one.

If like this, for example, is a women's product right here. If I were to target like men, for example, let's say I wanted to run some gifting ads. Right now it's, you know, BFCM time.

So maybe I wanted to get like men to gift this product to their wife. Then I could run a whole campaign designated to men and only targeting men. And again, that's perfectly okay because there are two different business objectives and they won't overlap with each other.

If I wanted to run other products, then I would create new campaigns for those products. It would really just depend though. I always like to ask myself, do I need to create a new campaign for this product?

Or can I use this product as an upsell for the product we're already spending money on and getting customers into the business? Another big problem with promoting too many products is focus, right? Like when you're highly focused and go really deep with your customer avatar, it allows you to create much better ads.

But if you have 10 different products, you have to split your focus between, you won't be able to go deep with that customer and you'll be creating a lot of surface level advertising. So just from a pure perspective of like writing better ads, I always recommend as few products as possible and use all the other products as upsells. Again, Facebook is a customer acquisition tool.

Once you get that customer in your business, all of those other products are really good upsells through email and SMS. And if people aren't buying it through email and SMS, then it's either a shit product or you're terrible at email and SMS. That's like the long story short right there.

Or three, your first product experience is terrible. So that's the only reason why people aren't buying your other products. But yeah, hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. If you want me to mentor you where we do one-on-one sessions and I go over all your stuff, your ad creatives and everything like that on a monthly basis, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Thank y'all for watching. Hope you have a great rest of y'all day. Peace out.