There's four key things specifically with Black Friday that you need to know. Number one is the goal. How much money do you want to make?

Number two is the offer. What specific offer do we want to run for Black Friday Cyber Monday? There's actually four different offers we're going to be looking at specifically today.

And then next one is inventory. Do you have the inventory specifically to fulfill that goal? I have some clients before they want to hit these huge multi-million dollar months and they don't even have the inventory to fulfill that demand.

If you're running a personal brand, maybe don't set up coaching, this could also be your fulfillment capabilities. Maybe you want to hit a crazy month but then you realize hey there's no way we could fulfill on that many you know maybe doing done for you or coaching or anything like that specifically. Then lastly is all the creative you need.

BFCM Q4 specifically there's a lot of creative that goes into the ads and it's better to prepare it now because it can be quite overwhelming if you wait till you know the week before to try to get it all together. So we're going to go and start off with the goal. So how much do you want to make in Q4?

That's your first thing. Write that number down. Now the next thing is what offer do we want to run specifically for that either November or Black Friday specifically.

There's actually a couple different offers we're going to look at. We do four exactly and first one is going to be your actual Black Friday offer. Then the next one is going to be Christmas drop.

I want to give credit right there to Ray Johnson because he's the one that taught me this is dropping a product right after Black Friday is one of the best ways to get customers that were just hammered with discounts to purchase again. So that's going to be your second offer. Then your third offer is going to be a buy before Christmas.

So you know maybe you have like your shipping cut off around like December 15th. Buy before Christmas. Get it in the mail.

So that way people buy for like Christmas gifts and everything like that. Then lastly your New Year's offer. New Year's offer is going to be more so hey we know you've just been hammered to discounts and all that for Christmas.

Here's a new year. New me. We want to showcase fresh new styles, fresh new products.

You know just a fresh look to get people's attention again. We want to kind of carry on that momentum and that theme specifically of you know what people are feeling across the world essentially. And just go over those offers with you guys just so y'all know the exact dates.

BFCM this year is Friday November 24th through Monday November 27th. We look at the whole thing together as one big thing. And then the Christmas drop is going to be Friday December 1st.

So Cyber Monday is going to happen November 27th. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday go by. Prepare for blood in the water.

It's terrible days for sales. I'm just preparing you guys now mentally for that. And then guess what Friday December 1st you can do a drop either Friday or Saturday just depending on how your brand is and you want to drop a fresh new product.

Something that's exciting specifically Icon Amsterdam one of our clients we're dropping brand new clothing for the store. So they're going to get discounts and all the cool stuff we already have on the website for Black Friday. Then guess what Friday comes around December 1st.

Hey thank you all so much for the amazing Black Friday event. Because you purchased specifically for BFCM you supported us and everything like that. Here's 10% off our new collection.

We know that when we drop new products especially for a brand that we've already kind of like trained our customers to buy again and again. We know they're going to buy it regardless if it's a discount or not. So why put it on discount on Black Friday and just lose margin and then have just a week to two weeks of bad sales before Christmas.

Let's leverage and use that time to our advantage. Now the next offer Monday December 4th through Friday December 15th. This is going to be your buy before Christmas.

We're using specific language. Buy it now and get it before Christmas. Some of you guys who run drop shipping stores in here and it takes like 30 days to fulfill your product.

Please don't use that because that's going to you're going to get a ton of refunds and it's not going to be fun right there. But specifically if you can fulfill in that time period maybe it's going to be Monday December 4th through the 10th because that's the only time you can specifically get it to their doorstep. Be ethical here.

But we want to specifically say hey here's the time. Buy it now. Get it before Christmas.

People want to purchase your product so that way they can give it for Christmas gifts. Maybe even buy it for themselves for you know friends, family, whatever. Now keep in mind too Friday December 15th through about December I think like 24th or 26th or whatever whatever day Christmas is this year.

Performance just tanks. Just normal. People can't buy stuff online anymore and get it before Christmas.

And then also too it's like you know I'm not gonna go buy anything for myself if I might get it for Christmas as well. So just a little heads up on that right there. Then Tuesday December 26th here's where we do our new year drop.

And this is going to be pretty much I think I think that's the day after Christmas or like two days after Christmas this year. But same thing. Same exact principle as Black Friday.

We just pushed sell for Christmas. All that. Now guess what?

New year new me. We got money to blow from you know like Christmas money relatives whatever. And we want to go buy some stuff.

So new year new drop and I'm all about the new. Fresh new creatives that's still like relative what I think my customers react to. But new content that's going to seem new enough to get their attention again.

So they're not getting the same thing over and over. They've been getting all of Q4 specifically. So that's the four offers you need to know and prepare for.

Which we'll be talking more about today. Now this is probably the biggest question that's commonly asked across you know community e-com and everything like that. You know we see people on November 1st literally the day after Halloween.

Black Friday sells live. And almost all of our clients reach out to us and say hey Nick we think we should run Black Friday early now. They start getting fear of missing out.

And they want to run their Black Friday early too. And like every branch is fighting to like get to the first Black Friday they can. I highly do not recommend that.

Because what's going to happen is you're going to get an initial rush of sales. It's going to be good for a day. Don't get me wrong.

You're going to get initial launch of sales. And then from there shit's going to die down. And it's going to die down because of the overall market itself that has the belief that there's going to be a better discount on Black Friday.

So now we're pushing a sale for the whole month because we're pushing all of our ads. And we're seeing performance dip because people think they're going to get a better sell on Friday. And we're running a discount.

So we're doing bad performance at even a discounted price. So our margin is just tank. It's not good.

It's not a fun time. Every store we've ran Black Friday early that's every case right there. The earliest I recommend running Black Friday is the Monday before Friday.

And we do that with Icon Amsterdam. They're the only client we launch early. And they do fairly good that Monday, Tuesday.

Then like Wednesday it drops a little bit. Thursday drops a little bit. And Friday is still bigger than Monday even though Monday was the first day of the sale.

So Black Friday has the overall, I would say the bandwagon effect. When you see your friends and family members recklessly spending their money on Black Friday, it's almost like, hey, I can go blow my money and I feel guilt-free about it from a psychological perspective. So like Friday still just does 10 times better than running early.

Now, next thing we're going to shift into is good offers versus bad offers. And during Black Friday, there's so many ads hitting people that if you're not just clear, direct to the point, people just miss out on it. All of our ads are super simple.

40% off today or buy one and get a free product today. Get a free product today worth of $50 when you buy anything on the store. Be clear and direct with your offers.

This is the easiest thing that people mess up on. They think that if they go complicated, it's going to differentiate themselves than running 30% off site wide. And every marketer on Twitter, for some reason, just shits on brands running 30% off site wide.

Yet every brand that does 30% off site wide or 50% off site wide, like shits on everyone else with better performance. It's easy to understand. It's simple.

It's not complicated. And it doesn't use the discount code. So discount codes as well is a big issue.

When you're getting hammered with ads all day, and then you're trying to go remember a discount code that someone sent you. And especially if you use a long discount code, I've even seen like Shopify just act up where like people are typing in the discount code exactly how it's supposed to be. And for some reason, it's just not like logging correctly.

Or someone might actually hit like a space at the end of the discount code. I don't know, just some weird shit like that. And just yeah, go site wide automatic discount if you can.

Or if you have a coaching program, you can do some cool stuff, which I'll talk about in a second about that as well. So there's some stuff that we've seen before up to 60% off site wide. Just it's such an easy one.

And we're doing a twist on this one this year for Icon Amsterdam. So I'm gonna show you guys that in a second what that's gonna look like. Buy two, get one free.

I have a painting brand that sells paint by numbers. And buy two, get one free just crushes for them. They sell one product, just a ton of variety.

So we're doing buy two, get one free specifically this year. And that actually converts better specifically for them versus 60% off site wide. And it has a way better profit margin on that particular AOV.

Next one up to 100% off site wide. I worked with a brand called VertiGear. They sell gaming chairs.

And, you know, they could only offer like a max of like 5% or 10% off a particular AOV. And it looked bad. Oh, you only given five to 10% off on Black Friday.

So hey, what about up to 100% off site wide? That sounds a lot more in the consumer's eyes than five to 10% off. So maybe you can only do a small percentage off.

Look at a dollar amount because in the consumer's eyes, it actually looks like more than percentage off from there. Also too, for people who are running coaching programs, you know, I was thinking about a fit gear with the boxing and doing like, you know, fitness classes and stuff like that. This is also something else you can look at.

Last year, I launched a coaching program for my personal brand. And this is my Black Friday offer right here. First 25 people get, get it at $500 and then it's going up.

Now, I wasn't discounting my price, but I was limited. I was using scarcity. And I was also using the fact that, Hey, it's the first time I ever launched a coaching offer.

And it's only $500. And the first 25 people get it at $500. That's it.

And then it's going up. So I use that for my Black Friday offer to where like, I wasn't discounting myself. And also too, I, you know, I wasn't losing any money there.

But what made it good was the first 25 people. So that exclusiveness and the, basically the fear of missing out of not getting in before the first 25 people. And also I didn't even clarify what the, what the price was going up for.

If I wanted to improve this, I could say like, Hey, the price is going up to a thousand after the first 25 people, a couple of different things I could have done specifically. So again, personal brands, coaching offers, um, Vic right there with boxing classes. You could potentially raise your prices.

Here's your time before 2024 to, uh, you know, we're raising our prices January 1st, Black Friday, last chance to get a regular before we're going into next year. So just thought right there. Something I'm looking at this year is I'm actually about to dramatically increase the price of my coaching program.

And I'm potentially looking at doing a free copy of breakthrough advertising with a purchase of my coaching program. So I'm not necessarily giving a discount off. I'm not giving a dollar amount off.

I'm giving a gift. And, uh, for a lot of people that come to me, they already know about breakthrough advertising because I've talked a lot about it on my YouTube channel. Uh, so they know it's a valuable product specifically.

And if you go on Amazon, it's like three, 400 bucks, but I know someone that sells them for a hundred dollars. All right, cool. So now inventory wrote down the goal.

Some of you guys want to do 300 K $2 million. We looked at the offer. Some of you guys want to do 30% off site wide BOGO.

Now the next thing we're looking at is inventory specifically. Do we have inventory to fulfill that goal? I've had clients like said before, come to me, Hey Nick, we want to do a million dollars this month.

And I asked them, all right, cool. Can you do the fulfillment? Can you fulfill on a million dollars worth orders?

And they're like, uh, I don't know. I'm like, all right, cool. What are you doing right now?

A month? Like a hundred thousand dollars a month. And they're doing all the fulfillment, fulfillment themselves, everything.

So I'm like, all right, cool. I'm like, like, sure. Fulfillment team working like eight hours a day.

Like, yeah, yeah. Like it's, it's pretty full right now. So I'm like, all right, if you could do a hundred thousand dollars a month, that's 10 X the amount of orders.

And you're going to do a 50% off site wide. So that's going to be almost like 20 X, which you're currently doing right now in orders. Can you go hire people that fast?

And immediately they're like, no, that's probably not realistic right there. So next thing is inventory. Do you have the inventory to hit those goals?

It's super important right here. Last year we scaled up, uh, the brand bright sport and we were doing on black Friday day itself. We did 300 K.

I was able to spend about a hundred thousand dollars in a day and one out account. That was pretty fun. But the biggest thing that throttled us down was that even though we were drop shipping and we were like literally using the manufacturer, the manufacturer got bogged down.

So if you guys are doing like any drop shipping or handling or using any like, you know, outside people to do your fulfillment, uh, you know, like, right, like white labeling or anything like that, make sure that they can also to fulfill on the, uh, expected goals, even though you don't hit those goals, do a little stress test just to make sure that they can fulfill on that. So that way it can kind of help you with your, uh, your calculations and stuff like that of, you know, your goals and other things. So that way, you know, you don't plan to do a million dollars and realistically only do about 250 K because of inventory.

Next thing I want you to think about is the percentage of sales that come from best sellers, best sellers, best selling sizes, best selling colors. All of that plays a huge in effect. Uh, we do a lot of clothing brands, but you know, I've even seen it as like, just like a product with two particular SKUs, like one, maybe like a green color, one being a blue color, for example, and like no one wanted the green at all.

And everyone wanted the blue and the blue was completely sold out. So like that became an issue right there. So just keep in mind when you're looking at your inventory, you want to really focus on the best selling sizes, SKUs, colors, all of those key things right there.

One year we had a client that thought was had a really, really great idea. And this was before I discovered Jeremy and I didn't have any like backbone when he came to talk to clients and stuff like that. So I was just like, sure, client, this is great.

Um, this client had the great idea of, of completely launching a whole new collection for Black Friday and filling all of their inventory up with this one specific collection. So new collection, all of their Black Friday collection or inventory was this particular collection. And the third thing was this new collection was drastically different than what they typically expose to our returning customers and like their customers and stuff like that.

We were able to do $69,000 in two days. Um, and about a day and a half in, we had to pull back spend dramatically. Why?

Because their best sellers ran out of stock and no one wanted this new product. So they were left with a ton of inventory of this new product that no one wanted. And they didn't have the Black Friday they wanted because all their best sellers were sold out of stock.

All right, now we're going to get super tactical. So we went over the goal, went over the offer, went over the inventory. Now, how do you guys actually apply this to your brand, to your business?

That's what we're going to be looking at now. We'll show you guys the creatives. We'll show you guys the exact creatives that we used last year for Icon and, uh, I think Bright as well.

Um, and then we're also going to be talking about some cool little strategies right there to get people to actually want to come to your event. So the four things that you need to execute on is you need to start filling up your audience buckets. This is the first thing.

The next thing is you want to start building a pipe. So people actually show up to your events. Then we'll look at the ad account structure.

So that way, you know, get a little nerdy with the Facebook side. And then we'll show you the exact ad creatives that you need to pretty much print money for this BFCM. So first thing, filling audience buckets.

These are the two things we're focused on right now, new customer acquisition, not purchases, new customer acquisitions specifically. I don't care about overall sales. I don't care about total number of orders.

I only care about new orders, new customers specifically. The next thing is organic following as well, doubling down on organic posting. So that way you're getting multitude of different types of traffic into your business.

Um, these two specifically organic followings, if you any of you guys have personal brands and are 11, just for personal brands. Um, I know me personally, that's where I like, I get like all my agency clients and stuff like that. Um, I'm going hard right now on organic to further build up that following.

So that way, when I do decide to launch a black Friday offer, I have more people in my buckets to convert. This is icon Amsterdam right here. You know, we have a goal this year of, uh, doing 3.5 million in November.

We got the offer dialed down. We have the inventory dialed down. And next part that we're looking at right now is new customer acquisition.

How can we get a ton of new customers into the business that are going to repeat purchase for black Friday, black Friday, while we can do some really great stuff on cold traffic, the best thing for black Friday is people that are already on your list and have already purchased from you. These people are going to convert 10 times better. So we want to focus on acquiring these people now.

So June, 2023, we acquired 6,200 new customers the whole year. We've been hovering around 6,200 new customers a month for this particular brand. So this year we start pushing harder.

Uh, so July we did 9,000 August. We did 10,000 and then September we did 12,444 new customers to this business, um, which September, that's the most amount of new customers they've ever acquired for this brand. Now, again, this is going to give us more ammo for BFCM and that's why this is super important.

Um, for you guys on Shopify, this was specifically done in, uh, Triple Well right here, looking at the customer cohorts, uh, for any of you guys. For a music festival, it's not just like, hey, music festivals tomorrow. Like you hear about it, what, like a couple months before?

And then like, you see a bunch of like posts about it and you know what, like DJs posting about it, people that are going there, pre-parties, uh, you know, promos. There's, there's a lot of things that go on into a music festival to what? Get people to pull out a couple thousand dollars, especially a lot of these people like their last couple thousand dollars to go to these events right there.

And that's essentially what we want to do for Black Friday. We look at Black Friday like a music festival. Now, one of the favorite ways specifically for us to build up hype is offering 24 hour early access.

Uh, for me, it's almost like, hey, you get 24 hour early access. You get this private shopping experience. You know, we're going to open up the store just for you.

You come in, you can purchase before everyone else. And that way you have a significantly better chance at getting, uh, you know, something that's in stock specifically before it's sold out. So what we'll do is we'll actually passcode lock our Shopify site.

Uh, just literally go and Shopify passcode, the theme, boom, we'll set a passcode and we'll do that 24 hours before the official Black Friday, which is November 24th this year. So we'll do this like November 23rd. And what we'll do is we'll send out an SMS and an email to what, what I'm about to show you guys, which is an RSVP list.

So we're going to create our own RSVP list that people are going to RSVP to before the Black Friday fence. Now the way we do this is 10 bait, 10 days before BFCM. So that's gonna be what, like November 14th this year, we're going to launch a Facebook lead form campaign.

And we're also going to create a landing page as well. And we're just going to use this landing page for like email subscribers, influencers, and like our social channels to drive traffic to this page. Uh, but we're also going to use our Facebook lead form and we're going to start to build up a list inside of Klaviyo, ActiveCampaign, whatever you guys are using for your CRM management specifically.

And we're going to start building up leads. We want phone numbers and emails. That's all we want.

Last year we spent, uh, like $10,000, acquired 5,000 leads. And just from those leads right there, we're able to do $58,000. Now we actually would have done way more than that, but our website broke.

So we will see about it this year, but typically we see anywhere from a five to 10 X return on these leads specifically. Um, and I'll give you guys some of the metrics real quick for that. So we're seeing 10% of the leads convert, uh, you acquire a thousand leads at a dollar per lead.

You spend a thousand dollars. Let's say you have a $70 AOV, a hundred leads times $70, $7,000 in revenue. You spend a thousand dollars to make $7,000 in revenue, which is a seven X return on ad spend.

So, um, I probably could have done like a really cool formula for you guys, but I'm not a mathematician. So I'm sure some of you guys that are like really smart with math could probably like put a cool formula right there to like reverse engineer that based off how much money you want to make and like for a vast and stuff like that. Um, but that's what we're seeing in terms of like metrics across all of our accounts.

Now here's the ads we're running very straightforward. I'm getting, I'm doing broad targeting aged interlocation. That's it.

I'm not doing warm traffic, uh, just because I purely believe in broad targeting and the power of it. And I believe that Facebook creates an audience based off what you put in that. This type of ad right here only resonates with people that know who Icon Amsterdam is.

If you don't know who this is, you've never seen this brand. Why do I care about this ad? Why do I care about going to an RSVP list?

You know, it's like if someone threw a party that you had zero interest in and you get an ad in front of you saying, Hey, do you want to go to that party? No, you're just going to swipe past it. But the people that are interested and I trust Facebook's ability in this, they're the ones that are going to opt into it.

So what we want to do is we want to do clear, direct call to action for this. Sign up to our early access, um, you know, from, uh, the five stages of market awareness. This is the aware stage right here.

So we're not trying to sell the product. We're not trying to sell the brand. We already, they already know us.

They already love us. They've probably already bought from us already. So all we want to do is saying, Hey, sign up for our exclusive lists, get up to 60% off and 24 hour early access.

Um, the only thing that, and this is a mistake we made last year and we didn't realize it till too late. We did not include the date of the event. That's the only problem that we messed up on last year.

So I would also toss in a date of when you're doing this early access because now it's like, well, is it early access now? Like there's no like specificness to it. Some other ads we like to run on top of, uh, those two right there, which are just like photos and calling out the offer as also just adds that like a music festival, show off the talent, show off all the cool things that's happening over there, show off the food.

We want to showcase some of the products that are going to be on sale. We want to, um, this particular brand right here, this particular girl, she's like the founder and she's a very like, she does a lot of like face to cam videos with this particular brand. So, uh, we had her do a video and we called out the number of people that are on the VIP list.

And then we called out the total amount of inventory we have. So that way it looks like things are going to sell out a lot quicker. And this is being purely ethical right here.

This actually was the total amount of people that signed up. And this was the total amount of people that, um, or like total amount of inventory we had specifically that ad crushed it. I think we had like a $1 and 80 or $1 80, uh, cost per lead.

Um, but it crushed it for that particular brand. Another one right here, we actually did kind of like a behind the scenes creation process. I've seen also like Alphalete does a really good job of this.

If you guys know Alphalete, uh, they have all their influencers post the video of like a try on hall and then telling people when the event's going to happen. That also works super well right there for guys that are running like personal brands and like coaching offers specifically great time to share case some student wins right here before the event happens, share case some student wins and call the fact that, hey, uh, this particular program, you know, and your offer will be available for early access. And like I said, the goal with this building hype is to continue to build up that BFCM 2023 VIP list.

All right, cool. So you got your goal, you got your offer in, you got your inventory in, you've built up hype for this event. Maybe even did the, the, you know, the early access, early access crushed it.

Now you're actually moving over into Black Friday itself. The accounts live and you know, it's the big day. It's the Superbowl day.

Uh, for those kind of questioning, like how to set up the ad account, what type of structure do you recommend? Um, to be honest, this is what we did last year and it's worked really well for us. All I did was create CBO campaign, one ad set, and I just tossed in all my ads in one ad set.

That's it. Um, for us, like if we're already spending 5k a day on Facebook ads for our econ brand, then what I'll do is I'm just going to go ahead and create another 5k a day campaign, uh, for Black Friday. Keeping it very simple.

And I'll show you guys a couple other things too around that, uh, for how we're looking at budget allocation. Friday is always the biggest day. So it's usually Friday significantly better than Saturday.

Saturday is significantly better than Sunday and Sunday is better than Cyber Monday. Cyber Monday does not have the same appeal anymore that it used to have 10 years ago when people would go in like camp outside of a GameStop. It's, you know, pretty much Friday itself now is like Cyber Monday and Black Friday put together.

When you're looking at your goal, Hey, we need to do 200k this weekend and we want to do it at a 5x return on ad spend. We need to spend 40k this weekend. Make sure you reach out to your Facebook reps to make sure you are approved for that much in daily spin.

That's another thing that we've seen before with clients starting to scale up that week. We never reached out to their Facebook rep and guess what? We kept that 10k a day now, even though performance is crushing and we can spend more.

So that's also another thing to be, keep in mind that. So we're going to spend $40,000 over four days. We'll start off with a 10k budget, maybe a little bit more, maybe 15, 20k, uh, just depending on the accounts and everything that's going on with that account right there.

Um, because we know Friday is going to be the day where we can spend the most and it's going to drop down over that period of time. And like I said, it's way easier to set a large budget for BFCM than try to scale up. I've seen some people start off like a hundred bucks a day and like, I'm going to increase the budget if it does really good.

It's actually way easier to set a larger budget and check it every, I'm doing eight hours this year. So every eight hours, um, we're checking the account pretty much between Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. Um, and we're just increasing or decreasing by 20% depending on overall revenue to spend.

Um, and I'm keeping just a simple Google sheet to track those, um, tracking every time. And also to do not forget to schedule your ads out about a week before BFCM because the Facebook account becomes glitchy ads can't publish random server errors. It's, it's a mess when literally everyone and their grandma is trying to launch Facebook ads during BFCM.

Now we'll talk about the creatives. It's about all the creatives that you guys will need. And we'll go over, you know, what you guys need to pretty much just copy and paste into your accounts.

And I'm also going to give you guys a few ad hooks as well that I highly recommend running for your evergreen ads. Cause we talked a lot about just the black Friday ads specifically, but evergreen ads is something else that we also push heavily. Um, starting November, uh, we seen for the bright count that we did about 3 million, 3.5 million in November.

Um, half the month, I think we did like 1.5 million before BFCM just from running gifting evergreen hooks. And I'm going to give you guys at the end of this presentation for you guys, what those look like, but for the actual creatives themselves, uh, simple graphic with offer. This is one of them.

Again, look at the copy. The ad copy is super simple. It's straight to the point.

It speaks to an aware audience. People that already know you already love you already trust you. We're not really trying to go to sell our brand because these are the people that, um, they've been looking up to buying to us all year.

Next one is taking your evergreen videos. That's been crushing all year long for you and putting a banner on it. Hey, black Friday sale now live 40% off site wide.

Uh, this one video before we put the banner on it already had spent like a million dollars. Um, and we just put a banner on it and we changed it to copy on it. Here's another one right here.

This is just best performing video. And all we did was, I mean, a photo and then all we did was put a banner on it. That's it.

It took like two seconds in Canva. Now next one is the Christmas drop. Um, now I also had like a few people asking me questions about this.

Does this need to be specifically related to like a Christmas item? No, it doesn't. It's just a new drop.

That's it. Uh, we're probably going to do some Christmas, a little bit of Christmas theme to it just for, in terms of like relevance to what's going on in the market itself. But for the most part, like it doesn't need to be a Christmas specific product itself.

And then your new year drop, which is focusing on that like new year, new me, fresh content, fresh products, all that good stuff. Now I'm not going to go through all of these, but I'll drop the presentation in the group chat for all of you guys. Um, but these are all the Facebook ad hooks that I honestly recommend, like start testing almost immediately now.

Um, these are all gifting angles. So we talked a lot about aware market awareness of people that are aware that they know us, they love us, they trust us, they want to buy from us. And that does really good for BFCM specifically in Christmas.

But what about cold traffic? We did not talk about that at all. Um, to be fair, what we do is we take our top performing videos that's already crushing it.

And we just started adding hooks with them, get some of our influencers, content creators to refilm them and simply just add a couple of hooks around gifting. Again, I'm not going to go through all of these, but it will be in the slideshow inside of the group. Um, just for example, looking for the perfect gift question mark.

Um, and you can replace some of these, like the perfect gift for mom that can be transferred over to like the perfect gift for her perfect gift for dad, et cetera. Uh, I'll show you guys one of them. That's my personal favorite because we actually use this particular hook to do 3 million for bright.

Um, I've never seen my kids so happy. I surprised them with this basketball. That was the hook we used.

So I'm like pretty much putting that in all of our ad accounts this year. Um, it gets to be more of your evergreen ads. We're not putting an offer on this.

It's just purely a gifting angle, but no offer around this. And we can run these pretty much from now till whenever people stop buying before Christmas.