It's no secret that Breakthrough Advertising has been a book that I've consistently recommended over the past couple of years. And it's one of the things that's taught me a lot of key marketing fundamentals that's helped me do over $100 million in revenue for my clients over the last couple of years with Facebook ads. Now, today, I'm going to kind of speed run basically the whole book of Breakthrough Advertising.

I built a document back in 2023. So it's about a two-year-old document that has a ton, a ton, a ton of value and stuff like that. And I'm going to kind of speed run that whole document real quick, just going over the key learning lessons from Breakthrough Advertising that's helped me make a substantial amount of money for my clients and like the key things that we've implemented and kind of go over the key things that just really, if you read the book, you would know if you didn't read the book, well, you're still going to gain a ton of value out of today's video with like, hey, if there's a set of marketing fundamentals to master with Facebook ads, this is the video and that's it.

So that being said, we got 25 minutes on the clock. Let's speed run the whole thing and go through this. So let's start first with positioning.

This is going to be kind of more of like your desire specifically when you're opening up a market place. Now, a desire is what creates what I call the power behind your ads. I've always told people this is like if you go whitewater rafting and stuff, where it's like you go up the mountain and everything, you put the raft in the water and like this really like just rushing fall of water that flows down the mountain.

And like you jump in that thing and that raft and you hang on tight while kind of guiding the raft with your paddles and stuff like that. The river takes you for a ride, not, hey, let's go in and let's paddle our way throughout the water. Like if you look at a boat in a thing of still water, the boat has to self-propell its way and like creating a lot more energy that it has to use to push the boat in the water because the water is not moving at all.

So same thing with the desire, right? Desire, you want to find the desires that are like the whitewater rapids. Whereas if you find desires that are like just a real like small shallow area of water that's not moving at all and like you put your boat in and you have to sit down and like start up the engine and use a lot of energy to move the boat, we do not want that because those desires right there that take a lot of workload to move, what essentially happens right there is you just burn a lot more energy and you get nowhere.

Same thing. I've seen so many people with the wrong desires. I remember the first time I ever ran desire, you know, we were basically showcasing in our ads, hey, want a cool like piece of wall art for your wall, like getting nowhere.

Then I said, hey, this is the perfect gift for your sweetheart. And then we went film some creatives of men giving it to their wives and our wives freaking out, crying and loving it. That right there helped us go all way up to, I think we peaked that 10K a day.

And then during for Valentine's day gifting, we picked, we peaked that 900K in 21 days right there. So changing the desire and actually filming ads specifically for that desire creates a substantially better impact and performance right there. So key thing here is just like with desire and stuff is that people don't want your product.

They want something and your product helps them achieve that right there. Let's just keep going more. We can kind flow through this document and get, we're going to speed run everything.

You're more than welcome to pause this video and no, I'm not giving this document to you guys, but yeah. So what I would like to do is first figure out what are the benefits of my product. And then from there, I will go and turn those benefits into those desires.

So I think I have something right here. So first here, let's just look at the features, for example, and yes, I'm going to use the most cliche, overly used analogy ever in marketing and advertising, which is the iPhone, right? Our iPod features five gigabytes dimensions.

It's small battery up to 10 hours, but we turn those into benefits, right? Five gigabytes storage equals a thousand songs, dimensions, blah, blah, blah, fits in your pocket. Now, what are these desires, right?

Desire for more songs where, you know, if someone's looking for something with, I can fit a thousand songs in their pocket. They're not necessarily saying, Hey, I want to fit a thousand songs in our pocket. They're just saying, Hey, all the current solutions app now, it's like, it's limiting me on the number of songs I can put it.

I can like literally go after. And then the other thing is that whatever thing this does, right? Like I want to be able to be portable.

Cause a lot of times, like, you know, during this period of time with the iPod coming out, it was like a lot of big devices that weren't really portable and stuff. So I was like, Hey, I want to be able to not have to carry this big ass clunky thing around. And I want more songs.

And that's why iPod thousand songs in your pocket, why it worked so well. And then here's some other cool stuff you can guys can kind of flow through in that sense. Now let's go over to the next thing to market awareness.

So we got desire right here. The next thing is market awareness. Now market awareness is how far or how close people are to your product.

And there's people at every stage of market awareness. I think that's a big key thing that a lot of people need to understand is that there's a lot of key, there's people at every stage. And then as you go up from aware product, where solution, where to the top one, which is unaware, the pool of people get larger.

So in this particular case right here, we have like unaware people, which is like people who are completely oblivious that they have a problem. So like that problem might be high blood pressure, right? And I'm actually going to edit this because this is actually technically wrong right here.

So this one, let's see solution aware. It would be like a low sodium diet, right? So, Hey, I'm unaware to how my weight could be a problem in life.

It's actually removed that right there. Unaware people that there have symptoms, right? So symptoms, uh, hidden fear or what's called a big win.

Now, again, keep in mind this document was back in 2023. I made some, also editing some of this as we go to, uh, also correct some old mistakes, but symptom for like high blood pressure. This might be something like trouble sleeping at night.

There's quite a few different symptoms of high blood pressure to be fair. Let's just do symptoms of high blood pressure, headaches, dizziness, shortness of breath, nosebleeds, fatigue, populations, flushing, confusion, chest pain. I know one of them is trouble sleeping at night because my whoop band every now and then will scream at me, but unaware symptom trouble sleeping tonight.

I'm unaware to the fact that I've high blood pressure and in the solution for high blood pressure is a low sodium diet. It's one of the most common ways to lower your blood pressure and stuff. Product aware is I'm aware of different products.

I just don't know which one to go with. So like maybe I'm looking for a product like the low sodium diet. Maybe Nick has a guide on low sodium diets.

So does Mike. And so does Andrew who, which one do I want to go with? I'm looking for more of a trust factor right here.

And then aware is going to be more of, Hey, I really like Nick's, but I'm just waiting for the right price. So again, there's people at all pools of these, all this groups, like there's a ton of people that have trouble sleeping at night, but the problem is it's just a symptom. And to be fair, there's like a hundred different reasons why you could be having trouble sleeping at night.

So it might not just be high blood pressure. Then the next thing is the problem. There's hundreds of people already right now.

And I say hundreds, I would say millions of people that already struggle with high blood pressure. Boom. Now there might not be a large group of people that are directly looking for a low sodium diet right now.

So in that particular case, then we would have to technically go and just start off at high blood pressure or trouble sleeping at night because there's not as much demand for low sodium diet. So again, let's go. Where did the man is?

AKA let's go find the whitewater rapids. Hey, it's high blood pressure. So then let's go after high blood pressure and diagnose them with the low sodium diet as the solution.

And then how are ours is amazing. And then here for the next 72 hours, we're offering 50% off. That's market awareness.

Easy way to determine that. Just going and looking at the reviews and stuff. I like to use Google trends as well.

Google trends also works really good for different sizes, right? So like I could go and put these different things here in Google trends and see which one has like bigger sizes. Cause that shows to me search volume and velocity, like all of those key things right there to target things that people actually give a fuck about right now.

Now let's go in further down market awareness. We have to keep in mind right here. You guys can screenshot this.

When I'm creating an unaware ad, I'm going unaware, problemware, solution aware, product aware, aware. When I'm creating a problem aware ad, I'm going problemware, solution, product aware, creating solution aware. Like each ad flows through the stages, all the stages that I start with.

So keep that in mind. So like if I'm creating an aware ad, I'm only talking about aware. If I'm creating a product aware ad, I'm only creating product aware than aware.

I see so many people fuck up here because it's like, all right, I'm creating an aware ad, which is literally just today, only 50% off next 72 hours by two, get one free. Our fall sell is here 30% off. And then what they'll literally do is sit there and create a whole fucking unaware ad with it.

I'm just like, bro, just aware is just calling out the offer. That's it. So either create the unaware ad that you want, or if you're trying to go after an aware market, just create and talk to that aware market.

So keep that in mind. And it's also some cool stuff right here. Now let's go to market sophistication.

Market sophistication basically is how sophisticated the marketplace is. What the fuck does that mean, Nick? Sophistication just means how many other products are on the marketplace to solve that particular desire right there.

So what do I mean by that? Let's say for example, lose weight. I can go to the gym.

I can take supplements. I can take, and those supplements can be peels, powders, teas. I could get a Zimpik.

I could go and, you know, do some extreme weight loss challenge. There's a lot of different solutions for losing weight. It's sophisticated marketplace.

Sophistication just means that there's a lot of different ways to achieve that particular desire of losing weight. So because of a more sophisticated marketplace, you always want to be what's called the purple cow. Purple cow just means that, hey, if I drive down a pasture or like a gravel road in the countryside, and I look to my right and I see a cow pasture of all kinds of white and black cows, I'm only going to notice the black cow.

I mean, I'm only going to notice the purple cow. The purple cow is going to jump out in front of me. Why?

Because all the others look the same. When you're running your ads and you're copying your competitors and you're not changing anything about it, you're downloading your best friend's ads secretly from his dropshipping store or just like throwing random shit in your account with no intention behind it. You're just creating the same shit that everyone sees and it does not differentiate you because there's no differentiation between you and everyone else.

It's just swipe, swipe, swipe. You're just one of the mini ads that people swipe past. So market sophistication is a set of rules you can play by to be able to go ahead and what I would say compete and consistently keep pumping out purple cows into your ad account, which is going to substantially improve the performance and the probability of which you scale the account.

So just speed running this really quick going through. Let me see actually if I have. Okay.

So level one is just state the claim. Level two, we're going to exaggerate the claim a little bit more. Level three, we're going to introduce a new mechanism.

A new mechanism is a new opportunity, a new way of which you can achieve that particular desire. And you will see right here, new wonder drug for losing weight. I'm calling out the feature, then going into the desire.

And then lastly, no diet wonder drug for losing weight. Here, we're essentially going ahead and removing limitations from that mechanism right there. Or we're highlighting how much better our mechanism is, or speed, benefits, things like that.

And then the lastly of market sophistication is you're niching down to a sub avatar. This is a niche within a niche. How to scale Facebook ads versus how to scale Facebook ads for e-com brands.

How to scale Facebook ads for e-com brands. You're only going to watch that video if you have an e-com brand, but if you have a chiropractor, you're not going to watch the video how to scale Facebook ads for chiropractors or for e-com brands. So that's market sophistication right there.

And then next from here, we're going to actually write the headline and the hook. Now for this, we're basically just going to state the claim in its purest form. So example here, lose weight.

Now we're going to think about it from here. Let's see. I should keep going through.

So here, then we have to think about the market awareness. Now we're just going directly up to people who want to lose weight. This is people that are technically solution aware, solution aware.

And then from a sophistication perspective, this is just going to depend on our product, right? So we may compete in a stage three and introduce a whole new way of losing weight. We may work in a stage four, which a stage four is just basically like, Hey, everyone's on keto diets.

We also have a keto diet. And like, here's the first keto diet that's under a hundred dollars. So maybe we'll compete on price, maybe we'll keep on speed hours.

Our keto diet helps you lose 30 pounds in 30 days, for example. Then from here, we're going to go to desire, which desire is our weight loss thing. We talked about right here.

Now we're going to go ahead and start writing down basically various different headlines inside the book of breakthrough advertising. It was like 38 different ways of like angles and stuff like that that I've shown a few times on this channel and stuff. I'm going to pick a few patterns and see which patterns actually helped me achieve the result that I'm looking for in terms of what I'm trying to convey to customers and stuff.

And then from there, I'm going to write my headline. Now, now once we write our headline, we can actually start building out the rest of the ad. And we have to understand that when you're building out the rest of the ad, there's three dimensions that kind of are flowing through someone's mind.

Obviously the desire, identification, and then belief, right? So a desire, we already talked about that. Identification here.

This is basically of like, who are people trying to become inside of like, it's like, yes, they desire a fast car, but it's like also too, they're trying to become something as well. So like, for example, moms who buy certain products for their kids, they want to be seen as a good mom from my identity perspective. The person who goes and like buys, for example, like I bought a couple Rolexes.

For example, I had a desire for, you know, a Rolex and I had a desire to be able to show off my success. And I'm trying to show off to people that and identify with that successful persona right there. Now, lastly, it's belief, which some products has a lot of negative beliefs to it.

For example, courses, for example, there's a lot of negative beliefs to courses. So what we essentially have to do is overcome some of those beliefs to be able to get them in a buying mode. So desire, we already talked about this.

So we're just going to kind of keep moving forward. I will say there's one thing though, throughout the rest of the ad, yes, we call out that desire in the headline hook, but the rest of the ad itself, we need to be able to go ahead and continue to strengthen that desire. And strengthening desire is basically just repetition, repeatedly showing that desire being achieved throughout the ad, which increases the believability that our product can help them get there.

And here's just eight different scenes you can list throughout that video to be able to essentially go ahead and help someone achieve that desire. Now, next thing, let's just keep going. Identity here.

This is basically two things right here that we like to look at, or technically three different ways, right? And to be fair, this is not one I use too, too much when I'm looking at what I would say. I don't even know what to say it.

Like when I'm writing ads and stuff, I don't do too much of this. It's more so when we're showing someone achieve a desire, right? So like when I show them, you know, buying that Rolex and wearing it for the first time, I also want to kind of show them that new world of identity they step into.

I do this a lot when I'm actually going ahead and like selling people into like my mentorship program, right? Right now it's separating and they call this, I think it's split scaling, split selling, I think it's called, where like you're separating to the person who they are now versus who the person they want to come. And then painting that picture of, hey, like when you scale your Facebook ads, this is what's the reality you're going to be able to achieve now.

We see this a lot in like course selling. A lot of people who sell courses, not like me, like people who are selling courses more specifically to like brokies and stuff where it's like, hey, you know, right now you're stuck trying to pay bills and stuff like that. But once you learn to become a day trader and start to be able to make money on autopilot, you know, you can get some nicer cars, you get a nicer house.

Like this is the day in the life of like what you can basically live with. That's why I love people like Brez Scales, for example, like he consistently makes these raw vlogs of living this life as like, you know, this multi-millionaire kid basically. And then from there, it's painting this identity of who you can become.

And then from there, people are like, oh, what does he do? And then it's like, boom, he plugs in his other YouTube channel, which goes into like his course and like all of those things right there. So it's painting that identity through daily vlogs of repetition of people seeing this over and over and over of like, holy fuck, I want to make more money.

And now I get to see the identity that I get to live in essentially once I start making more money. What do I need to do to get there? Boom, start a Facebook ads agency or what I think he calls it freelance brand scaling.

And then from there, start a freelance brand scaling. To be fair, it's the same thing as starting a Facebook ads agency. It's just a new way with which we invoke as AKA mark sophistication.

So that's identity right there. Accepted images. This is also another really good one right here that again, just like an older one that we type of like to look at.

That's not all thinly said. So what I like to like, look at this here is that there's certain products that we can't market as certain things, right? Like if I were to go ahead and try to sell a minivan and I was like, Hey, let's create an ad where it's like multimillionaires driving it.

This minivan pulls into like a mega mansion and stuff like that. And then we're going to try to market this minivan specifically to these multimillionaires and stuff like that. Like they would look at it and laugh.

Why? Because they do not accept that image of a minivan being successful and stuff. But if we flip it around and we do a Lamborghini or Rolls Royce and stuff like that, they already accept that to some degree.

And it's like, cool. Like where do I buy it now? Where do I sign that up?

So if you try to push an unbelievable image amongst people around your product and you know, who's the product for and like the day in the life of what that product helps you achieve and stuff, it's just simply not going to be believable for the mass market. Let's go for belief. We have like five minutes left.

So we're going to speed through this belief is basically, do people believe what you're saying? Do people believe your mechanism? Can it help them achieve what they want and everything like that?

This is going to be belief right here. Now, this is a couple of different ways to basically just go ahead and just increase belief. So they have what's called the inclusion question right here, where it's basically just getting people to say a flow of yeses, right?

Hey, today's Tuesday. Yes. Hey, your name is Nick, right?

Yes. Hey, like blah, blah, blah. Yes, yes, yes.

Okay, cool. Would you be open if I just showed you like a five minute quick little presentation on how it can add like an extra $10,000 a day to your business? Yeah.

Yeah. Like you already get them to say that yeses and stuff like that. Now here, like obviously I wouldn't do it that extreme, but it'd be like, Hey, you know, do you believe that like Facebook ads can help scale your business?

Yeah, absolutely. Do you believe, you know, and I can like call out maybe like the campaign structure they're using, like the CBO broad targeting strategy, like is going to get you there and stuff like that. Like, yeah.

Do you believe like creative testing is going to help you get there as well? Yeah. So in that particular case, then, you know, blah, blah, blah.

And I can start pitching my product. Next one is a detailed identification. Very similar for that, but it's just more.

I've been there myself. Like, Hey, I've been there in the sense of where, like I used to run a business. I struggled with Facebook ads and stuff until I found this strategy that helped me overcome this.

And then boom, contradiction of false beliefs, basically just simply calling out what their current belief is, and then just overcoming that belief. And then since the logic thinking, it's basically where you just kind of break down the whole like process of how the things work in easiest way to explain it. Again, I'm trying to do this in like a speed run, so I can't go super deep in some of these enhancing techniques.

These are like what I call like the salt and pepper on top of ads and stuff. A couple of different ones. Redefinition here.

It's basically going over like the three reasons why people don't buy. Number one, simplification. If people think your product is way too complex, they will not buy it.

So we need to simplify it. PayPal is a great example. It was like, send like currencies over 128 bit encrypted connection through IP to IP address.

Yeah. And then it's like, what? Well, in simple terms, send money to your friend via email.

Oh, okay. Makes sense. So simplification escalation is next, which is basically going ahead and in like, basically you're extending the belief or the benefits of that particular product.

Right? So this is where like a product is not that important. Right?

So like this energy drink right here is just energy drink. I'm getting more energy out of it, but it's like, Hey, you're not just getting more energy. You're getting the energy to film these YouTube videos, which on average, like your YouTube videos, bring to clients and students and stuff, which is going to make you more money.

So this energy drink is not just basically helping you get more energy. It's also helping you make significantly more money. And that's why like I'm turning to this energy drink today.

Cause it helped me make more money, make this content for YouTube and all that good stuff. So in this case, escalation. And then the last one right here is price reduction.

Now I'm not internally like going in and reducing the price of my product. I'm comparing the product to a more expensive standard and then showing how my product is cheaper. So for example, I want to go do laser hair removal on average, going to a clinic, it's going to cost about two to $3,000.

But instead of going to a clinic, you can do it from yourself, from at home without having to drive, without having to pay that two, 300 or two to $3,000. And I can do it from the comfort of my own home through what's called a laser IPL hair removal device by Rose Skin Co. It's only $200 and it lasts a lifetime.

It's like, hell yeah, that's is way cheaper. So that's price reduction right there. Now mechanization, this is basically just kind of goes back to market sophistication and basically just comes back to, Hey, do we need to focus the whole ad on the new mechanism we're introducing?

Or do we need to focus with the whole ad on more on the emotional side factor right there? And depending on the stage of market sophistication you go after, you're going to need to either just name the mechanism and go into that mechanism right there. You may have to describe how the mechanism works right there, or you basically just go ahead and kind of feature that mechanism to create this belief.

And then basically just focus on selling the mechanism through like desire and all that good things right there. Now, next one is concentration here. We're just going to basically destroy alternative ways to prospect to satisfy their desire.

Basically, for example, mentoring, if you want it like mentoring to scale your Facebook ads and everything like that, like in my mentorship program, like I directly work with you on the one-on-one calls, whereas other coaches and other mentorship groups, they hire coaches and stuff like that. So you'd never actually talk to those people. That's a true statement and also a direct attack on those other coaches and stuff.

Now, lastly is camouflage. And it looks like we're going to make it. We have literally like a minute left.

Camouflage is basically where we're going to basically create content to actually be native to the platform. It's still a direct response ad, but it's going to look like a regular piece of content. Newspaper advertising did this really well.

And that's why UGC popped off over the last couple of years. This is also why advertorials work so well, because you just do a native, like look and image and then send people to a long form advertorial directly selling that particular product right there. So camouflage, probably one of the most important things to know in here outside of like desire awareness and all that stuff, because it's actually going to go ahead and get people to actually click on that ad and read that particular ad from there.

And that's the breakthrough advertising speed run right here. The marketing fundamentals to master and know. Have me run your ads.

Have me mentor you. Links below. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button.

Subscribe button for new videos Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terry. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.