Currently 8 to 4, just woke up, went to bed, not late last night, but I caught up in a lot of sleep from this weekend, so I'm a huge believer in making your bed every single morning. It may not be perfect, but it's made. So I like to start off every morning with a cold shower, just so if there is any coronavirus particles on me, they're going to be like, this dude is fucking crazy.

I'm not trying to affect him because I ain't trying to deal with a cold shower every morning. I will tell you guys, if y'all haven't ever looked into Blumen, I got the Ascend fire cream and Blumen monarch paste. This stuff is amazing for your hair.

About to start meditating right now because, you know, I'm trying to be a Buddhist monk. I'm trying to levitate the hell out of here so y'all can deal with this coronavirus and I can be in a completely different world. So usually when I start meditating, I just kind of lay on my bed because we have dogs and the ground is just full of dog hair, so I'm not going to lay on the ground.

I don't have a little yoga mat yet. And the morning meditation I do, I actually do like a follow along. I guess that's what it's called.

It's by Dr. Joe Dispenza and it's called morning meditation. It's like $10 in the store.

You get two of them, a morning and a night time. And night time I never do because I just fall asleep through it. But all seriousness guys, the morning meditation, highly recommended.

Right now I'm headed to my second business. So I own two businesses. I'm part owner in one that I've actually did for three, four years now.

It's a local business and it's growing to the point now to where they have an office and stuff and all kinds of cool stuff in that business. So I pretty much just go there now to do like little, very little tasks over there. Usually about, I would have to say about an hour of work a day for that particular business.

And if you don't know, it's an auto detailing shop. It specializes with like some of the ceramic coatings, higher end detailing that goes easily into the four figures per job. And yeah.

So I usually go over there, say hi everyone, chill for everyone, and as well as work my online business and take care of any like very small tasks that they need help with over there. So that's where we headed right now. That lady just gave us some cheese in there.

See how this little guy is doing this morning. We're still enjoying his mealie at last week. Yeah boy.

Alright guys, we just got to the shop this morning. First thing I do every morning is go over like my Facebook ad, client results from yesterday and today. I'm currently leaving now.

Shop, it's only like 1.30 in the afternoon. Going to pick up some Chick-fil-A because I have yet to eat yet today. And I am very hangry right now because I shall know I normally eat at 12 and it's 1.30.

So we gotta go get some food and plus I did not do any shopping this weekend because the stores were absolutely crazy due to this coronavirus outbreak. Number seven. Do you have like Powerade or Gatorade?

Update. We got Chick-fil-A. The coronavirus just closed all bars and clubs in Louisiana.

But yet, one thing that still has yet to change is people from Louisiana knowing how to drive. The light is green and none of these people know how to pull up over here. So this car can go and I can go straight too.

But you know what? It happens. I'm just gonna sit here, bitch about it, complain about it.

And the red light, oh yeah, alright. This is a clusterfuck. A1 class job.

Really? Really. Really.

Y'all. Fuck y'all. We're finally moving.

Or something. Like. Really nothing new for us.

Eating in a gym lobby. We both used to work at a gym and we would buy loads amount of fast food and literally eat it in the lobby as people come to work out. So nothing new for us at all.

Yeah. Chick-fil-A is a little bit healthier than what we used to get. McDonald's used to be, aren't they?

Grilled chicken sandwich. Added the extra fat. The bacon, cheese.

A little bit of fries. You know the drill. Sipping on a scoop of Ghost Pre.

And we're gonna jump into a some type of sick edit. So three, two, one. There.

I can see. What's going on? What's going on?

The Shit Custom Sirens? She always doesn't give you business, because of heart. What's going on?

There's nothing. Just say. And man.

I'm more than right there. And I will die. I will die.

Did it? I will die. so what's your thoughts on the gym closing it just closed on us we had to get out because of the coronavirus they just had a new update and so basically all the gyms in the area are closed all the what restaurants now restaurants bars gyms literally everything but a convenience store and a grocery store and a gas station and hospitals of course everything is closed so guess what the vlogs are about to be me in my room playing places playing playstation so i hope you guys welcome this is now the coronavirus diaries uh welcome to episode one we're going to pick up his playstation we're going to buy him a playstation i'm going to go back to the shop real quick pick up my playstation and i'm going to just chill at home the next few days so hope y'all enjoy this you know what i'm playing stuff right now we're going by a playstation we gotta get ready for that quarantine guys found the cheaper somewhere else so trying to call and hold it please sit and hold i had just called it was like 3 30 like 339 for a brand new one at gamestop we're gonna get a used one for 269 but for 20 bucks more we get a brand new one at play and trade in our area so we're gonna go over there trying this again on the search for a playstation for that quarantine lockdown nice thank you no problem oh maybe you good now yes i need to go download all of my games now all right so our call was canceled earlier but me and max about to hop in another sales call real quick for the agency this call should be good but we'll see really uh curious about the outcome as we haven't really talked since a lot of major heavy coronavirus outbreaks so we'll see how it goes with this call today some people are actually going on the airplanes because the price is lower which is interesting true true so people flying on airplanes so all righty guys that is pretty much it for today uh today's video is supposed to be kind of like a like day in the life of entrepreneur but honestly uh i really was not in the right mental space today i think i've been kind of like taken over by some of this like coronavirus hype and i really analyzed that on my thoughts this morning during meditation i kind of briefly spoke about it uh but just as the day going it just kind of blew my mind so um i'm kind of taking a few precautions obviously doing my meditation again in the morning just kind of quickly focus my thoughts on implementing my other little routine where as soon as i think about it just focus on something else immediately keep replacing it with a better thought uh as well as i literally deleted instagram facebook and twitter off my phone temporarily right now just so i can stop seeing the news i already unfollowed a lot of people but there's a few few people i still sharing it that actually do care about and don't want to follow them yet so i'm trying to separate myself from everything regather my thoughts and i want to make sure i use this time because like i said there won't be no gym all right it will be gym at home but there will be a lot of time at home so i'm just gonna kind of like bring my thoughts together and yeah i do have my playstation and i'm probably gonna play it a little bit uh but today's video is done and tomorrow we're starting back fresh that's something that i've always kept close to me and that is you always got tomorrow um live today the best you can but don't be afraid to start something new tomorrow don't wait till monday to start something new i can quickly throw this whole week away be unmotivated all week and then start fresh next monday but tomorrow fresh day new day we're gonna hit it hard and get some stuff happen i have a lot on the schedule that i need to do and that's building up my agency so i think we'll take the time tomorrow to really focus on that in terms of building out an onboarding funnel and a few other things i'm trying to automate within the business so thank you guys for watching i'll see you guys tomorrow