The real reason you are stuck at $100,000 a month with your e-com brand. After someone who has scaled multiple e-com brands at my marketing agency for my clients to seven figures and multiple six figures per month in revenue, this is the most common things I see of why people are stuck at $100,000 a month in revenue with their e-com brand. With that being said, let's dive into the video.

So majority of clients that come to us at the advertising agency when they're stuck at $100,000 a month, because that's typically where clients that we take on or add just due to what we charge is typically higher than most agencies. And what I'll typically see is people are around $100,000 to about $150,000 a month in revenue. And when I take a look at their account, I'll typically see they have one winning ad.

They, for the most part, everyone's using the simple or consolidated ad account structure where it's pretty much one campaign. Sometimes they might have two campaigns, but for the most part, I think it's pretty well established now that one campaign is the best route to go when building out an ad account. So they'll typically have their one campaign structure.

They'll have a bunch of ads live, but it'll always be like one dominant winning ad inside of their ad account. And then they'll almost all the time have one winning product. And they're probably, I don't know, I would say they're always in the USA, maybe in another country, but they're still with one country, one product and like one winning ad.

And that's like what I would say is like the most common case for majority of our clients when they come to us before we start to scale them to multiple six figures a month, even $1 million a month in revenue with their e-com brand. And just looking at the first things when I hop in their account, the first couple of things that we do to break past that $100,000 a month mark is number one, we look at their kind of overall creative testing and kind of diagnose their creatives. We like to look at, you know, were these creatives built for scale?

Do they call out a clear persona, a clear value proposition for what this product can do for people? Or are they just a bunch of creatives? That's like, Hey, this is a key.

It has four hours of battery life. It can, you know, go five miles away. Like, you know, is it all feature driven stuff or is these benefit driven creatives?

I also like to look at the whole funnel itself inside of Facebook, not necessarily the funnel from like a ad to landing page structure, but I like to look at the funnel from a perspective of the five stages of market awareness. And typically with that one winning ad that clients are stuck at $100,000 a month have, it's typically going to be a ad where it's like, Hey, 50% off today ends tonight. Or it's going to be some type of ad where it's like, Hey, do you want more energy?

Drink this. And in that particular case right there, we just pretty much solve for the opposite of what that says. So an account that has scaled up with something like, Hey, 50% off today, or last chance to get by to get one free.

And that's their leading messaging. Then all I want to do is simply start working my way up the funnel. I want to start looking now at, instead of, Hey, just offer.

I want to start looking at, okay, what are people currently struggling with? Or what do people currently want to achieve? And then call those things out.

Cause that's going to reach more people. When you're going ahead and creating creatives, like buy two, get one free. You're reaching what I call as an aware group of people and aware group of people.

It's the smallest market of people that you can actually advertise to these people. That's already seen like other products, exactly the same. It's like this can of liquid def right here.

You know, I find no, I want to go buy a liquid def and there's four different convenience stores that are selling liquid def. Then what I would do is I would just simply run an ad that just showcase. We have a better offer than the other stores.

Now the problem with that is that that's only for people that know they want liquid def. They're completely sold on it and that's, and that's it. And some markets like maybe clothing, it works well because clothing is such a large market of people, but other products that maybe solve a problem or solve a desire across the marketplace leading with that discount can actually hurt your potential to scale.

Cause you're going to reach a much smaller group of people. So for me, in that particular case, I want to go start seeing what does this product allow people to achieve in life? What does that do?

You know, for example, this Rolex right here, this allows me to achieve status in a public setting. That's it. It allows me to communicate status importance out to the public when I'm in a public place right there.

As far as that, you know, me wearing it at home, I'm not using this to tell time. Quite frankly, it's uncomfortable when I'm talking to my computer. So like in that particular case, it doesn't really have any benefit for me at home, but in a public setting, it allows me to communicate something about myself to other people that I'm worth something that I'm significant that have some level of status right there.

So in that particular case, what do people want to achieve? What do people want to communicate about themselves outside to the public? And I want to start building creatives that start off with that, then introduce the product.

So for example, working with the skincare brand right now, we're starting off with showing people with beautiful, healthy, glowing skin, and then we're introducing how they can achieve that. There's going to be a much larger group of people that want that beautiful, glowing skin than the small group of people that are actively price conscious and ready to buy like with Def right here. So that's the first thing I want to look at.

I just want to look at where are we currently at in the funnel right now and leading with inside of the account. And then I'm just going to work my way up. So, you know, and let's say we're already up and we're leading with things like problem aware and solution aware angles, then I may go and start building out the bottom part of the funnel.

So the product aware section, which is testimonials, questions, objections, and why our product is better than other products. And then the aware part, which is the, hey, last chance to get whatever offer we're currently working now. And that's always going to unlock the biggest unlocks for us because now we can start reaching more people or start converting more people.

So if we have like a high level funnel ad, that's already reaching a ton of people, then all we simply do is fill in with lower ads for lower funnel and we convert more people, which increases our ROAS and drops our cost per acquisition on Facebook. Now, the next thing that we'll do from an ad account perspective is, you know, like I said, most people at $100,000 a month are stuck at $100,000 a month. They haven't expanded markets yet.

And I say when I say expanded markets, we're going outside now to other different countries. So what I'll generally do for this is if we already have a solid product, you know, solid product, solid ad accounts at 100k a month, we have that one campaign structure, then I'll just simply duplicate that campaign. And I'll just copy over the top of my three to six creatives we have that's crushing.

And then I'll create what's called a country testing campaign. This is a campaign I'm still running for a sharp period of time. And all I'm going to do is go ahead inside that campaign, have one campaign, one ad set, my top three or four ads that's currently doing the best for the ad account.

And then I'm just going to change it from whatever country we're targeting now and just simply load in all the countries we want to test. And then I'll just let this campaign run for 30 days. Not really worried about performance or anything like that.

So I'll probably put like about a budget, about five to 10% of what we're actively spending in our main campaign. And then all I'm going to do right here is get some data back on what countries work outside of whatever country we're advertising in now. From there, I'll take the top spending countries.

And let's say right now, we're advertising in USA with our products. And then all of a sudden now we go to I don't know, we test a bunch of countries and we find that Germany is the next country that spends the most. All I'll simply do is go ahead and create a new campaign.

I'm going to duplicate my store. So I'm going to create a new Shopify store or I'm just going to go to Shopify Plus and create a sub store. And then all I'm going to do is translate that whole store into German.

I'm going to translate all my creatives into German. So if it's a UGC video, I'm going to translate to German. I'm going to translate my texts on the Facebook copy, primary text headline, all that.

And then I'm going to launch that new campaign. So now we have our USA campaign with this country testing campaign, and then we have a dedicated Germany campaign and that Germany campaigns has translated everything. I want to make sure that store looks like it was built in Germany and is made in Germany, everything.

And then we're going to scale that campaign up right now. Now, the reason why that campaign, that original Germany country wasn't going to scale in that country testing campaign is because it's in English. So we're only going to reach like maybe five, 10% of the population in Germany.

But if we switch over to German dedicated store, German dedicated copy creatives, all that good stuff, we're going to appeal to 90% of the country now, and we can spend significantly more in that particular country. So a very easy tactical thing you can do. It's really only going to hinder people who are like dedicated 3PLs in the USA.

And now you have to like, we're about shipping product and stuff. It's like a 3PL in Germany. But yeah, long story short, that's what you're going to do.

And then you'll just keep building out other stores for other countries in that country testing campaign. And then you can eventually just turn off that country testing campaign once these new stores and separate campaigns start taking off inside of the ad accounts. Now, the last reason why you are stuck at $100,000 a month in revenue is because you haven't optimized your landing page.

Usually about 100K a month is when we start testing new landing pages, advertorials, listicles, sales pages, all of that. To be fair, it's not like that. It's not that we wait to 100K a month.

It's just that a lot of the clients that come to us that are at $100,000 a month, they've never tested it before. And that was a simple action we could take to improve the conversion rate, which will lower cost per acquisition and increase return on ad spend. So we just simply took that action right there.

And usually that help us out with getting just further improving performance, allowing us to scale further. But now if you're in multiple countries, multiple stores, and also to just be fair about the countries and stuff, we're using the same ad account, same pixel, just new campaigns, that's it for the separate countries. Long story short, you're doing all of this, this is going to allow you to break past that $100,000 a month mark.

And usually our first steps when we come in with a new client with the goal of scaling to $1,000,000 a month in revenue. So if you want me to do all this for you, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. Again, we work with stores at $100,000 a month, the goal of hitting $1,000,000 a month, specifically e-com brands.

And if you're not quite hitting $100,000 a month yet, and you want me to mentor you, hop in your ad account, review your creatives, review everything you're doing, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.