Yo, what's up guys? It's Nick. It's been a while.

It's the first time I've ever picked up a vlog or a camera and actually started talking. It's been a while. So this is going to be the cringiest vlog you've watched in a while.

I'm taking a trip to Houston today. I'm going to be staying out there until Thursday. Today is Monday.

And I basically woke up Saturday morning and said, hey, I want to spend this week in Houston. So that's what I'm going to do. And I'm going to take you guys along.

We're going to go hit up Alphalete, get a good workout session. We're going to explore the city for a little bit. Houston's one of my favorite cities, but I've never actually gone by myself and explored by myself.

So it's going to be a very interesting time. And I'll try to capture some of it on the camera. So let's get started.

I'm going to go to Chick-fil-A right now. We're going to pick up a probably like a number six or something like that. The little bagel with the chicken on it.

And then also too, we're going to stop by the shop. I need to write a few checks real quick and take care of a few paperwork. And it's like 850 right now.

We're going to try to leave Lafayette at 11 to be in Houston for like two, three o'clock. So this is kind of the office area right now. Got the Chick-fil-A.

Finishing a payroll and we're going to get moving. All right, guys, I just got into the Airbnb and let me just say this place is absolutely amazing. You know, some Airbnb, you kind of look at the pictures and then you get to there and it's like completely different.

This place is spot on and it's amazing. So let me show you guys around. Check all of this out.

See walking right here and it was like pitch black and it just had that light on. So let's set the vibe properly. Shower area, bathroom.

I mean, obviously this is the main area right here. Just being myself. So it's not like it needs to be anything crazy.

But that view, pretty sick. And kick-ass little bedroom. Pretty cool in my opinion, guys.

I've been chilling for probably about the past hour now. I took a little nap, kind of just chilled out. I'm going to have me a little power crunch bar and we're going to go work out at Alphalete.

It's like a 30 minute drive, but it's full of traffic now. So it's going to be like 45 minutes. I was thinking about going to Bfit, but honestly, I was like, you know what?

I really don't have too much planned going tonight. So let's just make the drive, get out. I'm very familiar with the Stafford area with like the stores and stuff.

So I'm going to as well take care of like a little bit of shopping for just food for the next few days. So let's get going. I just got back from Starbucks.

I went to take a quick walk. It was probably, I don't know, maybe a mile round trip. Got back, got my Starbucks.

I was actually working over there, but ended up just coming back over here to this cool asshole area. Let me show you that now. So this is like the club room.

This is the 24th floor. You got right here, you got this pretty cool outside area. And then here is just kind of like your workspace.

That's where I'm setting up base right now. And then you get the pool space too out here, which is super dope. So I'm going to catch up on some work now.

I need to update clients with a weekly report because I did not do that yesterday. I need to handle a few things with the detail shop as well. So it's just a bunch of little things I need to work on.

So I think this is something super freaking cool. I'm catching up on weekly reports right now for clients. And one of my e-commerce clients just crossed over $100,000 in revenue with about a 2.5 return on ad spend.

This particular client was break even when they started with us. And I mean literally every dollar they'd spend they'd make back. So it wasn't profitable at all for the Facebook ads.

Convinced them to take a big leap with investing into us. And we brought them back a lot more money. $100,000 in revenue with $56,000 in profit.

And this client has an insane margin on their products. So they are very happy. And they started with us 55 days ago.

So we did pretty good. Sharp out of time. I'm not saying that's an insane result.

I feel like we want to try to shoot for that 4 return on ad spend. And right now we're at a 2.5. So we definitely still have some return on ad spend.

We need to shoot up. Which we know it's more we're targeting campaigns and stuff. But overall amazingly excited.

Super cool. And in fact I just shot a client. Quick little video congratulating them.

So all my agency owners out there. That's something you're worthwhile doing. Setting milestones.

And sending client updates when y'all hit those milestones. And like congratulations and stuff. Alright guys.

So I just had a lot of food. Chilling right now. Watching some Netflix.

We're starting season 9 of Shameless. I know I haven't really did. Yeah.

So yesterday while I was at Alphalete. I decided to pick up some of their new launch gear. Honestly this is the second product.

Or third product I ever bought from Alphalete. Um I got their backpack. And I got two of their shirts.

And I've never bought their men's joggers before. And all I have to say is these are probably the most comfortable joggers I've ever owned. And I'm not saying that.

Just because it's Alphalete or anything like that. Um I've owned quite a lot of pairs of joggers from like Amazon. So I've you know some pretty average quality.

But it's the first like I guess you say really good pair of joggers I buy. And the quality is amazing. And they are super comfortable.

And very thick. It's definitely a warm pair of joggers. Um I definitely like it a lot.

Alright guys. So I am back at the um Airbnb. Uh currently just chilling right now.

I just finished editing some content for uh the detail shop. Uh sipping on my post workout protein powder. And uh yeah just pretty much chilling.

I'll show you guys the view real quick. I got some shameless going on. And then um yeah the outside and stuff so.

But yeah it's gonna be pretty much a chill night. I'm gonna take care of this. And then crash.

And tomorrow I think I'm just gonna have a really chill day. Of uh working. And um like this morning I did a little bit of exploring.

I didn't get on the doc. I didn't document it though. But maybe I'll try to grab like some content tomorrow.

Uh kind of exploring around those. And kind of throwing some b-roll footage you know. So yeah.

So today is day two. And or day three. Is the last day I'm in Houston.

And honestly it's been terribly unproductive. Uh just got to the gym. And about to hit up a leg day.

And honestly I've been procrastinating for the past 20 minutes. Um about as much work I got done. Was finishing a bag of Cheez-Its.

And a little bit of uh Starburst. Not Starburst. Uh what is that?

Lifesaver gummies. So. We're about to get in there.

I'm trying to prep myself mentally for this workout. I'm not ready for it to be honest. It's legs.

It's uh. I'm sore right now. I'm tired.

I didn't get much sleep last night. But you know what? When your engine tells.

When your car tells you. It's about to shut off. That's kind of usually the sign that you need to get the fuck out.

Go get a workout in. So. I'm gonna leave it up to the fate of this.

Oh. Let's get started guys. Just made it back to the apartment or Airbnb.

And I got a massive Poke Bowl. That I'm about to destroy. Uh leg day was alright.

Uh. I did a good bit of it. But honestly.

I feel like I'm so. Uh. Calorie.

Like a calorie deficiency right now. That I just. Wasn't up to par.

Wasn't as strong as I normally am. Uh. Just felt kind of weak throughout the workout.

So. Uh. Definitely got a good workout in.

For what I was feeling. And then I spent like an hour and a half in traffic. Cause I went to two different Pokey places.

Before. Going to. Um.

This one. So I spent a lot of time in traffic. But I'm finally back.

Going to chill now. Eat. And.

Watch some Shameless. I am. About to start heading out.

And. Yeah. It's.

Pretty simple clean up. Got two bags. And.

That's it. Honestly. I really don't have much to say.

This trip was amazing. It was. Um.

Very fulfilling. And empowering. To be able to travel by myself.

Enjoy my time. Uh. Be able to do things on my own for a little while.

And. Definitely got me to view Houston in a different way. Not just this fun city to come.

You know. Drink and have fun in. But also like a city that can maybe establish a future.

In. So. Uh.

Definitely had a really good time. Uh. Loved it out here.

And. Definitely will be coming back for sure. Whether that's just for another trip.

Or even possibly moving out here one day. Um. Either one would honestly go.

So. I'm preparing now to go for a three hour drive. And then when I get back into Lafayette.

I'm going to have. The brand new. 2019.

MacBook Pro waiting for me. So I'm also really excited for that. And.

I'll probably start doing a separate. Uh. I'll do a separate unboxing video for that.

To go to my channel. So. Guys.

Thank y'all for watching. Make sure you like. Comment.

And smash that subscribe button. Uh. I know this is like the first video.

I dropped in. Years. When it feels like.

Um. But. I do want to start pushing out more content now.

Because. I got the new iPhone 11. And.

It's a lot easier to record content and stuff. And now I got the MacBook. So that's also another reason why I kind of.

Like. Start vlogging. Just because it makes things easier to vlog.

And it doesn't seem like a chore. So. Um.

Thank you guys for watching. I'm going to try to push out more content. And.

Uh. Till next time guys.