Two 50s. Hello. I need a grande ice mocha.

Hello. 1085. And this is the 22.

All right. Thank you so much. You too.

We are headed today to... That's a turning lane. We'll keep going straight.

We are headed today to Cars and Coffee this morning in Lafayette, Louisiana. This is probably one of our top car shows. They only have like two or three per month.

And this is the one that's probably been the most consistent. Always a good turnout. So really hoping it comes out good even with all this coronavirus stuff.

So we'll see you guys there. We just got over to the car show. And right now we're struggling to find a place to park because we're late.

Look who we met up with. TJ is to the show. We managed to make it there a little earlier just because we had to stop and get coffee.

But let me show you guys a few around the scenes. There was absolutely no parking forest. So we had to park up front.

This is places. Sometimes like machine place. But there's been a lot of cool cars so far I've seen.

But look at this thing. This thing is more than the freaking... More than the Ferrari that's sitting up there.

Go on. Go on. Go on.

Go on. I'm in the 10. You and your friends.

I feel like David. I'ma go in. All you ain't no suck.

Where you been? Only that one shot. You can't win.

Black ball, man. Pull up to your showing ball, man. OG, my name's Johnson.

In your hood. I got a pool, man. Y'all ain't on my side.

Marty, me. Fly with dark. Yes, sir.

Look at that. That's it. I want a wing like that to my car.

Wasn't that like what these comes in the PB2? Kind of the same concept? Smaller.

It's a lot smaller. Dude, look at that carbon fiber. Yeah.

325s in the rear. Yeah. I need some fat like that in the rear.

Bro, I think these wheels will look sick of my car. Why? Bro, okay.

Now that blue. That blue right there. Love it.

Dude, there's a lot of videos on YouTube. It's what? A Pontiac G6?

There's so many videos on YouTube. Yeah, there's so many videos on YouTube of these things. I don't know.

I don't know if you have to see them off-odd because... Are they coming out of those? Yeah.

This thing's also pretty cool. It's a wreck. Let's go explore.

We have a little portion here. Damn. That is what's up.

Wow. It's actually not full of swirl marks and stuff. I'm just taking a trip.

Top down. Cruising on the coast. The beach.

A little Ferrari. Oh, even has a gated chip box. Got the fire extinguisher.

That's pretty cool. Alright, so I'm pretty positive. We did the ceramic coating itself on this one at our shop.

So it's pretty cool to see it actually at a car show. And it looks absolutely amazing. Compared to when I first came to the shop.

Where it was... Like, paint was destroyed. Full of oxidation and everything.

And as you can see... Pretty damn perfect. That's weird.

It's like... All right here. It's all nice.

Like the front floor of it. Which is weird. Yeah.

It looks like swirl marks from like a towel. Like she's in the wrong towel, maybe. Yeah, it paints in really good condition.

Like the restored interior. And I'm pretty positive too. This Nova right here.

When it came to the shop. It was completely like a rust bucket and everything. Like he has a full like booklet.

The restoration process. And it started off like... I think it took him like 10 years to restore.

But it literally came in full of rust. All the panels destroyed. He redid everything.

Absolutely amazing transformation. All right. How big of a tower we should do.

As wide as possible. Headers. Right where they're going to burn your feet.

When you're getting out the car. Ain't no door. Ain't no door.

You hop in. The skinnies up front. They knew where they were going back then when they were designing these things.

Engine wide open. Beautiful. Lots of so soon.

First off. Check this thing out. Cool.

Look, that's the stuff right here. That's these auto sticks? Yeah.

That's pretty sick. That's this right here. That thing.

That looks very bad. You about to run in the pole? No, I almost knocked it down.

That's even worse. If it came down, hit that truck. You have to pay for that truck.

Look at this. Yeah. Hey, you can take her too if you want.

Look at her. He said that he could take me with him. Yo, Patch Man.

Later, DJ. There's DJ. There's DJ.

There's DJ. There's the Bronco leaving. I like the Bronco.

There's more of them. That's my favorite right there. Perfect shot, man.

Yeah. Take care. Take care.

That was your first or what? Fifth car show experience ever? Loved it.

Loved it. Alright guys, that is it for Carson's Coffee. We are headed out and we're going to lunch with food now.

Stunt through. I'm going to get a green light. Let's go.

Let's go. Stop. Alright guys, I just made it home.

Ended up not going to eat anywhere just because both didn't really know where to eat. So I dropped Kennedy off and I'm about to start editing. Yes.

Or if you're watching this video today, yesterday's video, I'm going to start editing that video now. I'm hoping to throw it up just because I'm running behind. And later today, we were boiling some crawfish.

This video, I'm starting to edit this video and I don't really have much time. I only have like two, three hours to like get a bunch of work done. So quick tip, I left my phone in the other room on do not disturb and I still get like some notifications on like my computer if I get a text.

So like there's an emergency, but that helps out a lot with increasing workflow. As well, I want to show you guys something really cool. Yesterday, combined between both clients, we've generated over 10 grand in revenue.

For two of my clients, both of them crushed five figure or $5,000 plus yesterday in business revenue. So check this out. One of my newer clients as well crushed $5,000 and he just had his biggest day yet.

68 orders. Just absolutely nuts. And you can see like everything kind of rolled in towards the end.

It's probably around like eight, seven o'clock ongoing. So even with this, even with this like crazy virus and everything, my opinion as someone who runs Facebook ads for a living for multiple different companies is that there will be, it will affect us. It will affect us.

But there's also going to be more people doing online shopping versus regular grocery store shopping. And there's going to be more people on their phones. Therefore, there's going to be more potential buyers in the market.

Now, granted, there is some counters to that as there is more people going on the conservative side. There's more people who are having problems with shipping and stuff. So they have to shut down their businesses and stuff.

So there will be less Facebook advertisers. It's a cluster. There's a lot of different variables.

So I can't give you a proper prediction because we've never been in this predicament before to where we could say, hey, Facebook ads is going to shoot up or hey, Facebook ads is going to go down. It's going to hurt some businesses. Some businesses will get increased their sales and it's going to be crazy.

It's going to be mayhem. It's very unpredictable. So I'm going to finish this vlog.

I just want to kind of go over some of the results and stuff from my clients. Getting gassed real quick. Most people do not understand like watching this video of how serious crawfish is over here in Louisiana.

Like we literally have an app that goes over the pricing per pound, how big the size is and everything where we live. Literally just to find the best spots of crawfish and stuff. So we're trying out a new place today and we'll see how it goes.

So I'll probably get like some epic B roll of the whole crawfish, everything being made and hopefully we'll learn a few things. That ought to do. Should be good to go.

You know, everyone's talking about that Corona cure, but it's all about the Mickeys and a few suppressants and you're good. You're straight. All right, guys.

Newest video has just been uploaded and guess who is here? After a few hours of editing everything, getting a little bit of work done, it's finally time to start cooking some crawfish. So let's take you guys by the scenes where we do some epic B roll for this.

Let's see. Across the fence. Don't.

Somebody stole a beer truck. It don't matter who it was. Grab a can and drink it up.

Best keep your mouth shut. Man, we're good to go. Yeah, we hit the mother hole.

There's more than enough for all of us. Somebody stole a beer truck. You can holler at the moon or go splashing in the creek You can get as rowdy as you damn near wanna be We don't build a bonfire, we don't need that attention Ain't nobody driving home, not in our condition Somebody stole a beer truck, it don't matter who it was Grab a can and drink it up Better hurry up Yeah, we just need to get some ice cream after this They feel peeling perfect Hope you enjoyed today's video We are finishing up on this fine feast right now Make sure you drop a like, drop a comment Hope you guys enjoy the daily vlogs And I'll see you guys tomorrow