I'm finally facing it all, fearless Music Music Music Music Music What's going on guys welcome back to the vlog today is a very good day because we will be picking up our car today The Mustang is finished it's ceramic coated they ended up not doing the wheels just due to time We have some chemicals in our back carter Totally cool because you know maybe we can just get some new wheels down the line So that's the thought but it's ready it's about to be ready the coated is about to come pick me up They finished it up and touched it up at the shop and then it's come pick me up and we're going to go check it out So super hyped up I haven't seen a bunch of pictures and stuff it came out absolutely amazing The paint correction and polishing was super quick easy for them because I mean since day one I've hand washed it so it's really no major debris in it It was just a light layer of dullness from water spots and stuff like that that's dried up on it so So as soon as I get a call from Dakota we'll go ahead and pick it up Alright Dakota is finally here so let's go Damn ubers got nice these days look at that hit up Cajun suds right up it up Cajun suds What's up What's up what's up Is this a non copy right? Non copy Which one? Yeah!

Yeah! Fucking perfect! Alright guys, as you're going to see, it looks absolutely amazing in the shop.

And we'll take it outside and look at it in the sun. The three inch! Yeah!

Yeah! That's awesome! Grand spanking, hasn't even been ripped up yet.

Finally Sud's own Roof-Heads polishers. That's so cool! I love it!

I love that! Love that! I love it!

I love it! I love it! Yeah!

I love it! I love it! I love it!

I love it! I love it! Yeah!

Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

Looks so good! Yeah! That red popping!

It wasn't much in the paint but just that little bit of just that little layer that which I polished off. They had like some scratch stuff here and there. You got some chips already too.

Oh yeah! Big fat chip. This one right here happened the second day I picked it up.

Really? I went pick because I picked up that Friday the Saturday or the Monday I went to get a tenant something like that. It happened when I was on my way back from Bryce's shop.

Good! Good! You're in the vlog?

Yeah! Head detail expert over here at Cajun Suds. Patch man doing the most.

Catch you later dude. Good luck! Good luck!

Good luck! Good luck! Good luck!

There you go! What's that for? Some of your gas money.

Oh! There you go. I'll take it.

I'll buy you some food or something like that. I didn't go do that. Let me tell you.

Pay my gas money. Pay my gas money. Pay my gas money.

Thanks for everything. Alright boss man. Hey guys.

Currently right now headed back to the apartment because I'm actually leaving today to go on a trip. You guys will see that vlog soon. But right now headed back home and honestly the car looks absolutely amazing.

There's a few things that I'm going to bring it back to get them to finish because obviously me taking the trip, they had some supplies and then coming in time. So I kind of rushed them a little bit and they're going to finish it next week and that's just doing the wheels, the interior and the glass which that's totally cool because the bulk of the work is done. That's the paint itself.

That takes 95% of the time. The wheels, the interior takes literally 2 hours in the glass. So that's no big deal at all.

Especially they're my friends and actually I still own this shop so it's my guy. So totally cool with them doing that. But yeah, everything came out absolutely amazing.

This red is popping now. It wasn't terrible when I picked it up like from the dealership but it had a few light scratches and stuff from the dealership washing it and stuff and using improper washing techniques. It sat outside for a while with no like really good protection on the paint.

So just had some little minor water spotting and some minor cloudiness in the paint that just didn't make it shine a lot. Got all that fixed up and it looks amazing. I'm super happy with the final results and you know it looks good.

Super happy. So I'm going to show you guys one more shot before when we get to the house and then end the vlog there. Back at home and look this is the last look at it y'all get.

Like I said they're going to do the wheels and the wheel wells soon so disregard that. But overall the paint and everything looks absolutely amazing. So if you're interested in ceramic coating highly recommend it.

And if you enjoyed this video make sure you drop a like. If you're new to the channel new car videos, business videos and vlogs. Make sure to hit that subscribe button.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace. Peace.