Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today starts a three-part series where we're going to plan, launch, and go ahead and make some adjustments to an ad account in three videos. So we're going to do this as a perfect video for beginners just starting with Facebook ads. I'm going through my full process with you guys in a nutshell essentially of what you need to do.

This is going to be kind of like a lightly surface level enough to where you can go out there and get it on your own and probably give you one of the best starts to Facebook ads you possibly can. So with that being said, before we get started, the way it's going to go is first part today, we're going to do the planning episode. So we're going to go through my planning process before I launch ads.

This is something that is probably going to get the lowest amount of views. It's something that most of y'all watching this, 90% of y'all will not do because it's the planning process. It sounds boring, but it's responsible for 80% of our results.

So 90% of y'all watching this video, I'm just going to say now, you're probably not even going to, you know, get the results by following the second and third video because you're going to miss out on this video. So now that I got your attention, make sure you do not skip this video and make sure you take the time, do the diligence, do the research, do the uncomfortable shit, the not fun shit, because this is going to get you results in your ad account, not the ad strategy, not the tweaking of the ad sets in the campaigns and stuff. It's this right here.

So with that being said, guys, make sure you hit the like button for an epic three-part series. We're starting hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and make sure you hit the notification bell to hit that second and third video of this series. With that being said, let's dive into it.

Alrighty guys. So raw, real, welcome to the series. And like I said, today we're going to be doing the planning process.

So let's just dive into my computer because there's a lot we're just going to kind of start tinkering around with because it's the planning process and there's really no super perfect way to do this, but I'm going to give you some really actionable steps starting off. So first thing, I just want to show you all the brand. This is a brand I've showcased a lot on my channel.

And I'm also going to show you the particular product we're going to be doing. So this product right here, we've done probably somewhere around $3 million in sales with over the last 12 months. It's a proven product.

It works. And yeah, I'm just going to start off with that. I show this store a lot on the channel.

There's a few reasons why one, if you do copy me, it forces me to level up my advertising and we're going to keep innovating to only probably 1% of people on here on this channel. We'll try to even do this. Three, it's a very difficult product to do because we do custom print on demand, every single order.

And it's custom 18 gauge steel sign. You got to find like a million dollar printer. Like this is one of our in-house stores essentially.

So with that being said, this is the product product page. Yeah. So if you're watching this first things first, let's just look at the product page.

Um, you want to make sure your Facebook pixels installed. I'm not going to go through that process. Look, there's ways to do it.

Look at my channel for conversions API, how set that up, server side tracking, all that good stuff. So, but this is the product right here, regular 45 99. We're doing a 20% off site-wide in a summer sale right now.

Comes in a few sizes, customize your name, et cetera. Now, first things first, you'll know, it just says add to cart. I see a lot of people that audit their ad accounts, their Facebook pages, and they have five buttons right here.

We've tested that and add to cart just by itself in a very contrasting color, very strong color that sticks out, always performs the best. We have a cool app. That's like, tells you like estimated shipping time, shop pay for installments.

We have just a description, few people enjoying it. A lot of good reviews, recommend the products. That's it.

Not going to go through the full process, full page, but yeah. And then, you know, few pictures, color options. We can do a better job of these color options, but that's just how it works right now.

So this particular product, now we got our product. Now let's go ahead and do the research. And again, I'm trying to appeal to people that are not drop shippers.

You're likely probably a brand on yourself. You're trying to figure out Facebook ads. Maybe you also have a product that is winning, which are up shipping.

You're trying to find tuning into branding and stuff or, um, like private labeling stuff like that. It's also very beneficial for you to as well. So first things I like to do is research my competitors.

This might be a little hard, but you can do like, so for us, it's custom steel signs and okay. We have, Oh, look metal limited popped up market table.com. You know, let's see precision metal art USA.

Let's do personalized custom metal wall signs, custom sign company. So like do your research and find you like five or six competitors first. So that's part of the planning process.

Find your competitors because we want to do is want to find our competitors and we want to go do, go to the Facebook ads library. Literally. You can just go Facebook ad library, click in right here.

And what you want to do is find your competitors and come in here. So select your location, just select the country that you're in, you're advertising to all ads, et cetera. Um, and then yeah, like I think precision metal art was one of them right here.

We can kind of take a look and see what type of ads they're running. And this is going to give us two things. We're going to know the offer.

If they're running any offers, we're going to know if they're running any, like what's the ad angle. Cause there's a lot of different ad angles for this product. This product right here is typically sold as just, Oh, it's a great addition to your wall out of unique touch to your wall and your living room outside, et cetera.

But then another angle we discovered is it's a perfect gift for a loved one. So we can push it like that. So there's a few different ways we can pivot and push this particular product.

Now what we can do, we discovered that by researching our competitors, how are they selling their products? So, you know, high quality metal art pieces, um, celebrate your special day with our, so this is a wedding one. So hitting people, um, in like the wedding niche, uh, one of a kind custom made, let's see, bring your home together.

So like a, you know, just a unique piece for your home, unique piece for your home. And the creative, what's the creative look like? Okay.

This is just a solid creative, you know, just kind of holding product dangling in front of it. Okay. On different walls and you know, areas.

That's cool. Let's see again, just on different places and far like where it can be hung out. Ooh, look, everyone's kind of holding that product or not necessarily holding it just in the background right there.

This person's holding this one. Okay, cool. This person's holding this one.

Ooh, doing like an unboxing video and stuff more like a user generated content that works really well. So just kind of holding it flying in front of camera. Let's see.

What's this boxing hanging it up. That's awesome. So essentially what we can do right here is we can start to see, okay, we can kind of get an idea, a visual image in our head of what is working across the landscape.

And what we can do is we can actually start going ahead and just writing some notes down. Okay. People holding the product.

So this product just being in front of the main image, the people are adding this as a unique piece that are home. People are giving this to as a wedding gift. People are, you know, just, just start writing that down.

So that way, you know, all right, those are different angles. We can approach and create creatives around those specific angles. So first things first, audience research, find your competitors, look at the Facebook ads library, figure out what ads they're running and then go from there.

Now, now you kind of understand, okay, what angles are working? What type of cop, you know, not necessarily what copy, but what type of creatives are working? What's in the copy?

If there's any offers, et cetera. So you, you have all of that figured out. Now it's time to start kind of writing it down and also thinking of other angles.

So let's see, let's go to lucid chart. Let's do that. So we put all this together.

We'll have competitors and then we'll have angles or research, and then we'll have next thing is actually creating assets. So when you create assets and stuff, this is very simple. I'm just going to pull up a little folder already kind of created a few ads based off this research, but now you would actually want to go ahead and create the ads.

You want to go get the creatives. You want to go ahead, hire a copywriter, get a copywriter to actually fill this out. You can do like adsombies.com adsombies.com works really well for purchasing ad copy or the five or Upwork, or Hey, go ahead and try your own.

But essentially we want to do this as we want to get the creative assets, ready, copy, the creative, the headline. So that way we can understand what essentially is going to work for this specific product. So that way we get all that built out.

This might take a week. This might take two weeks, might even take three weeks. If you're a drop shipper, you may have to order the product first, but that's okay because we want to prepare as much as possible before we launch.

So that way we can launch with a very solid start versus trying to run with some very bad creatives, very bad ad copy, and it just waste a bunch of money on advertising spend from the beginning. So we want to prepare all those assets. Now, the next thing is actually getting is planning out the funnel.

So one thing else too, you want to do when you're creating those assets is you also want to kind of think in hindsight of the funnel. So if we go ahead and we look, let's just do a standard funnel. So be TOF, let's see, this will be MOF and this will be BOF.

So we need to understand what this funnel of the content that needs to be at each stage because you want to get this created as well when you're creating those assets. So that way you can actually go ahead and you know, have the best start essentially. So like I said, for TOF, we're going to do the gifting angle and then we're going to do unique piece for your wall.

So two different angles right here, one for purchasing a gift, great gift for someone. And this one is like, Hey, this is a perfect wall piece for, you know, perfect piece for your wall, have some empty space. This is the perfect piece for your wall.

So we're going to do with that. Now MOF. So middle of funnel people are aware of what you sell.

They're aware of your brand, but they're just not sure yet if you're the right person to fulfill this promise. So what we need to basically do right here is we need to convey social proof, which is basically, Hey, it's helped all these people. All these people are loving it.

Here's a little bit more information about the product. Here's a little bit more information about us. We want to build social proof authority and trust at this specific stage.

So this will be testimonials. This will be about us slash our story. And this will be us versus them where you literally compare your brand to the leading competitors and how much better you are without naming any competitors.

So make sure you are aware of that. Do not name any competitors in this specific ad. It's just saying, Hey, our brand ships five times faster than the leading competitors.

Our brand, um, uses a proven process that no other competitors can have access to. So like you're really positioning your brand in a different area compared to your competitors. That's it.

You're not naming any of them as you can get some legal trouble. So that would a client like that before fun fact. Um, they were calling out all these big brands and yeah, not fun.

So bottom of funnel, these are people that are price sensitive. They've gone through the whole process. They are literally off to do is hit complete order, but they're price sensitive.

They're waiting for a good price or crafting some urgency. So Amazon does this really well where it's like only three left order soon. Great urgency.

Another one example is, Hey, if you complete charter next 24 hours, you get 10% off. Now going a step further, let's say you're running like an end of season, sell or some type of sell and stuff. And it ends in five days run as Obama funnel ad.

Hey, in five days, our end of season sale is over and your last possible chance to get 20% off sitewide. So for us, if we go back, we're running end of summer sale. So we could do end of summer sale in soon.

Last chance to grab 20% off. Another one could be, let's see more of an urgency. Only 10 signs left order soon.

And obviously for this one be very difficult because you know, for this particular product, this would really want to work cause it's it's, it's not like it's an inventory type product. So like shoes where, you know, you only have a few pairs or clothing, you only have a few pairs left. I mean, this, this particular pro, you know, company, we can just do unlimited as long as they have access to metal.

So wouldn't really apply for this product, but just to give you guys an example. So now we're starting to apply this. Okay.

We understand all the different content. So now while we're creating those assets, you know, by looking at those competitor ads, we also keeping this in hindsight right here. Okay.

So for top of funnel, we need an ad copy for gifting. We didn't add copy for a new piece for your wall. We need gifting angle.

We know we need, how can we illustrate a creative of someone receiving a gift? So we need a gifting creative. We need a piece, unique piece of your wall, creative, uh, middle funnel.

We need a testimonial video or picture customer selfie, someone using a product saying how great it is about us. Can we take a picture inside our facility and our picture of us? If you know, you're the face of your brand.

A lot of people know us. Uh, you can do that. Are us versus them.

Can we do like a picture of one of our products, um, like a studio shot and then like have like other half, just a flat background and just a few, like one point or like one lines of basically how we're better than everyone else. Bottom of funnel. Okay.

We're gonna need two or three product shots. And then we're gonna need some ad copy that illustrates each one of these. So like right here, I mean, this is literally four, seven, seven pieces of copy, seven creatives to illustrate right here, right now.

So this is going to take time to create those assets. And let's just do a little line right here. So when you get all that put together.

Now, the next thing after you create all those ad sets is launch launch day, or let's just call that initial launch. So we're going to come back in next video and actually do the initial launch launch, or I'm actually going to set up the ads in the ads manager and show you guys how that's all done. We're going to set up our top of funnel ads, our middle of funnel by ads and our bomb of funnel ads.

And we're gonna do that all in the next video. And then, and the third video, we're going to come back and we're going to review and we're going to review those results and we're going to see exactly what happened. So with that being said, if you're an e-com business owner and you would like to hop on a call at this, and you're doing at least 25k a month and actually us plan out your strategy and everything with your brand, we've helped multiple brands scale to six and seven figures.

So we'd love to hop on a call at you, do a strategy call. At the end of the call, you have the option to take what we gave you and run, or you'll have the option to work with this. If you think it'd be a great fit for the business.

Now, if you're making less than 25k a month, we have an offer for you. Elegant E-Com is my course, E-Com course that will be coming out very soon. It's a thousand dollars USD, but for the first 50 people to purchase, you're getting it for $500, a big steal.

And in order to get this, you need to sign up for the VIP list. Cause I already have probably 70 to a hundred people on that list. And those people will get 24 hour priority access.

So make sure you click the link below and sign up for that course as well. Well, guys, I hope you all enjoyed this video. I'll see you in part two, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And obviously hit that notification bell because you do not want to miss part two or actually do the initial launch for this particular product. So that being said, guys, my name is Nick Terrio. Thank you so much for watching this video.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.