Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today will be the finale of our three-part series where I basically craft an ad, launch it, and now today we're going to be diving in the ad account and actually digging through the results and figure out what optimizations we need. And guys, trust me, the results are perfect. So I'm really excited to share what you guys, what we did in the last video, what basically came up about like the results and everything.

And I can't think of a more perfect way, perfect ending to this series. So very, very great treat for you guys today. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And let's get started. So jumping into the ads manager and honestly guys, I can't think of a more perfect ending here because we weren't even profitable. And that's great because I wanted this to happen in a way to where I can actually give you guys the most important advice I could possibly give y'all.

And that's what happens when things flop and how do I actually handle it? So yes, it would have been a great video if, you know, things just took off, did amazing and everything, but like that's every guru's video. It's, they take their most perfect campaign off hundreds of campaigns they run that don't work, but they find that perfect one.

They upload a video on it and they make it seem like that's just day in, day out for them. It's just perfect every time. And that's honestly not the case with Facebook ads.

And once you change those expectations, you're actually going to start doing way better than before because you're going to put less pressure on yourself for every campaign to perform. And they're actually going to start just performing. And I'm explaining why as we dig into this.

So let's just go ahead and dig in it. First off, I'm doing my time range. Um, last Friday, the 13th is when we launched this campaign and Hey, maybe it's because we launched this campaign on Friday, 13th and up till today when I'm performing, when I'm filming.

So you can see the full thing. So we spent about $800 on this. We made back right under $800 on this.

So we really did like a one-to-one. We probably lost about, let's see, we did five, six, we did 11 orders, a $30 essentially cost of goods. So we spent on 300 bucks.

So we're basically out of about 300 bucks. We lost reason why is because it's $800. We spent break-even RAS is like a 1.3, 1.5, and we had 11 orders and it's $30 per order.

So that's 330 bucks plus the $800 ad spend. That's $1,100. And, um, we only made about 800 bucks.

So we're out about $300. So nothing crazy. Now, first off, I let this run a little bit longer than I typically do.

So if you go ahead in our top of funnel, I like to go ahead and spend three X my target CPA and then start making adjustments. So if you look at it like that, everything I launched Friday and then start spending Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. So let's look at it from that perspective, launched it for three days.

And really this was the only thing that worked. Um, and it was this unique piece for a wall. So if you're looking at it from that perspective of our initial campaign launch, what I would typically do right here is once I spend three times my CPA target CPA on an ad set, I turn it off if it's not profitable.

So now I have been letting things run a little bit longer now, lately more, it's around four to seven days, just due to more sales coming in at a later period of time due to 14.5. So let's dig, let's go back and just look at the full week right here. Let's also dive into our middle funnel.

Middle funnel did pretty good. We're at, we're just above breakeven or us on middle funnel. Breakeven is about 1.5.

I did a 1.8. There's definitely room for improvement here. We also did have a very, very high click through rate, which is really good at showing ad relevancy to us, which is really good.

Now going back to campaigns, we're also going to dig into our bottom of funnel, which did exceptionally well. Very, very good job on the bottom of funnel, three extra ROAS. We hit our KPI on that.

In fact, actually, I would like that to be a little higher. I like to be that around five to 10 X on our bottom of funnel. Reason why we're only spending $10 a day, spending very little amounts.

So, so there's lots of little optimizations we need making this account. So starting off at bottom of funnel, honestly, I would literally just duplicate this ad right here, and I would create a better ad essentially. So obviously this isn't bottom of funnel.

So this is people that are price sensitive. So I would try to work on some different creatives right here, maybe some more creative showing the product off and like other, like, like, look how just bland this is. Like this looks terrible.

So I would do some more creatives around that showing the offer. The offer works. We're hitting our KPI.

So I would just test some more creatives, some different pictures of different people holding the sign. I would do some different graphics for 20% off, and then maybe even test one or two variations of ad copy. Now I don't do a testing campaign for retargeting.

I literally just edit it inside of it. So just hit control D, like I said, and then, you know, let's see, let's do last chance to save on our biggest sell yet. Our biggest sell yet get the perfect gift for your loved one at 20% off.

So, and then obviously I would change, you know, first thing I would do is change the video. And then also to, you know, maybe I'll do it like another one and change the, uh, the actual like graphic and everything. So, and then look, I'll even toss in maybe something like this, another graphic that we may have used in the account that worked really well.

So, and I'll call this bottom funnel ad number two. And I'll let that run for three, four or five days. Um, what's probably going to happen is you're gonna get majority of your spin on this, um, original one.

So it may even need to take longer, but our amount spent, we want to see is at least two X our target CPA. So our target CPA is, is, um, $25. So we need to spend at least 50 bucks and at $50 spends two times our target CPA with zero purchases.

We want to turn it off. If we have three X, our target CPA with less than our target ROAS, we're going to turn that off. So if you have two X CPA, if you're spent more than two extra target CPA, so for us more than 50 bucks, but we had a purchase, then I'm gonna wait till we spend $75, which is three X our target CPA.

And then we'll see that ROAS and see what that ROAS looks like. So just to make it simple like that. Now let's go to ad sets campaigns and let's go to middle of funnel, middle of funnel.

I treated exactly the same as bottom of funnel. So look, Hey, this ad had some really good CTR and everything. Now I do know for our particular audience that this particular girl does not match.

Um, this is more of an older audience. This girl's more younger, so I can duplicate it. And what I can do is as I can swap out a different person essentially.

So I just got some new ads already set up for us. So I got this one right here of this older lady reviewing the sign. So I middle funnel, again, it's more testimonials, reviews, and really showing people why they need to purchase this product.

So, and if this one doesn't work, we're going to test more. That's, I think that's the biggest key here is that for people that's just getting off, they'll see bad numbers and they will go ahead and just like, Oh, it doesn't work. We want the next product.

No, just go down further into your testing. Cause the reality of you hitting a home run on your first ad is very low. So what I'm doing right here is uploading the second one.

I'll call this MoFu ad number two. Now I'm not going to change the ad copy at all. I'm going to leave this video right here.

And then that way what's going to happen is it's going to, um, you know, just add a fresh new creative to that specific campaign. So give it a second and same thing. I'm gonna let this run up until last two X target CPA spent on this particular creative.

And if it like works, like, Hey, we had a few cells on it. It's doing good. We're going to leave it on.

If it's doing bad, we're going to turn it off. Okay, cool. So we got this done.

We can publish this and what's going to happen. We're going to run that MoFu ad. So all I'm going to say is I would not run more than four ads at a time and mill funnel or bottom of funnel.

And that's it. And look, if it doesn't work, if you didn't get the results, you want it in bottom of funnel or middle funnel, then just set up a new ad, just turn off the other one, set up a new ad. And if I say that is, as in you didn't get the results you want, I'm leaving my middle funnel on because we're breaking even.

That's okay. Now, if we were losing money on this middle funnel ad right here, I would turn it off because we spent more than two XR target CPA. We spent more than our three XR target CPA.

And we're still hitting, you know, I'm going to say break even rest. It's not our target rest, but I'm going to leave it on up until we get this next creative running. So it's okay.

If you didn't hit your numbers, you don't need to turn off these campaigns, delete them, and then set up a whole new one. You want to keep working in that same campaign and just keep creating creatives, updating, creating creatives, updating, and testing new things right there. So I would recommend testing anywhere from one to two new retargeting creatives per week and either one or two variations of ad copy per week as well for middle funnel and bottom of funnel.

Now let's go into our main campaign. Cause this is where things really get interesting. So what happened right here?

Well, first off, I can tell you two things right now. We identified our winning audiences and we identified our winning creatives by running this particular test. So again, I recommend 10 ad sets, but I only did four for the specific video and honestly, these are pretty, pretty broad ones in general, but anyway, so we got four, we're just going to turn off this romance and this broad, we're going to turn that off right now because they did not work at all.

So we're going to turn that off. Now, what does reveal to me is that we have two new winners in here. So we have in relationship winning audience.

Now, again, it's not profitable. It's not profitable, but it's generated some level of sales and that's what we want. Now that shows us it's validating that, Hey, there's people in this audience that lie, that can purchase from us.

And now it's our job to figure out what can we do to improve our creative and our ad to get more people in that audience to purchase from us. So now the next thing right here is this recently moved audience, which had significantly better cost per acquisition of in a break even ROAS. So I'm going to go ahead and also turn this one off as well, because it's not hitting our ROAS at all.

But I really want to focus on this recently moved because it has a better ROAS. Now, again, this one right here has some sales and stuff, and it's an audience that we can improve on. But we have an audience that's significantly better that we can really focus on right now.

Now, this is where things are going to get tricky for you, because if you had a blower than break even ROAS, then you want it on everything. Then you just want to pick your top two that had the best cost per purchase. Now, for us, this one would have been a candidate if we didn't have this right here.

But we have this, we have three purchases, $53 cost per purchase, 1.7 ROAS. So we have some audience we can expand on for right now. So let's go into this campaign right here and see what's going on.

Now, what you're going to notice here is that this gifting angle is only one purchase, but look at the cost per purchase of $57 with two extra ROAS. Now, our unique piece for wall angle, $51 cost per purchase and a less than ROAS that we wanted. Now, our target ROAS is $25.

So how can we shave off a whole half on this specific creative? That's the question right now. Now, there's something interesting here too is more from a psychology perspective.

The gifting angle has a higher ROAS because you had a higher AOV. So could have this been just the fact is you're more than likely to spend more on someone you love than you on yourself. So for the unique piece for wall angle, what the reality is, is people are spending less or they're just, you know, purchasing a smaller size sign and they're not purchasing the big one.

And look, this is all like stuff that it's not going to affect our decisions or if anything else. So just ideas right here, just to show you all some cool stuff. Now, I'm really not interested in this anymore.

What I'm interested in now is this, because this is going to tell me a lot right here. So CPMs, honestly, I don't even worry about too much unless I'm trying to diagnose a specific problem in that account. But what really gets me is these two metrics right here.

Unique outbound CTR, you know, 0.72. Unique cost per outbound click, 1.7, 2.2. So what's here, what this specific thing shows me is the fact is, is that not many people are clicking on this ad and it's causing for a high cost per click.

Now, what that shows me is that I want a 1 to 2% on cold for this specific, for, for creative at top of funnel, I want a 1 to 2% click through rate. So if I could get a 1.4 or 1.5 click through rate, literally double what this is, it's going to cut this cost in half, which could theoretically get me my target CPA of $25. So that's what I'll look at right there as well.

But let's just take a step back and just diagnose what we need to do. So what we need to do right here is we basically need to go back down into creative testing and audience testing. So there's two things right here we need to do.

I could just simply duplicate this a few times, test more audiences, but our creative just across the board, I mean, you can even compare it to all of them. It's just not getting clicked on. It's CPC is really high.

So we need better creative. We need to make the ads more relevant. We need to have ads more impactful.

So we really need to diagnose into that right there. So I'm going to create a campaign to conversions, and we're going to set up our creative and audience testing campaign. So we do creative testing, and we're going to call this test number one, and just leave that open right there.

And we're just going to do add number one, continue. And I'm going to show you in a second what we're going to do right here. So campaign budget optimization off next, we're going to do test number one.

And I think it was, let's see, let's look at that audience real quick. Cause again, for creative testing, we want to use, we want to use audiences we know work. So we know this US male plus female back, let me just go ahead and copy that.

So go back to our creative testing, edit test number one, USA. There we go. Daily budget.

I'm going to put for $10 per day, exclude website visitors 30. All right. And what we're going to do 18 plus, I think we did 18 plus on this, um, or 25 to 25 plus edit 25.

Okay. All that's good. All that's good.

Okay. And then again, seven day click one day view. Okay, cool.

Next. Now what I'm going to do right here is select my page is I'm going to create a new ad based off that winning angle. So we have two angles in there that were one was kind of a winner.

I would say the wall one was the winner essentially. So I crafted some new copy for this so we could test it out. So I'm going to paste that in there and then I'm going to add in some new creatives as well.

So let me add an image upload. And then I don't really have any super, super cool creatives for this specifically, but I wanted to really get on that angle of like adding a unique piece to your home. And also I want to kind of tie it in together as well.

Like what could be combined with, cause obviously if someone's purchasing the sign for a unique piece in their home, they're also going to be purchasing it because to put their loved ones name on it and stuff like that. So I'm going to copy that. Control C shop now.

Okay. And headline. I didn't have a headline.

I didn't create one actually. So let's go back to campaigns. What was our headline for this personalized metal infinity design?

Okay, cool. Go back to creative testing, edit headline, personalized. Cool.

Now what we're going to do is we're going to duplicate this and I want to keep the exact same copy, just a different creative that has that same theme. Let me, let me explain. So in our creative testing batch, I want to put together a few creatives that we can test inside.

And what I want to do is each test, I want to have only one copy and the copies like the angle we target. And I either want to have a new copy with best performing creatives that are relevant, or I want a best performing creative or best performing ad copy with new creatives, or I can do a fresh batch, new best, you know, one piece of copy and best performing or new creatives essentially. So basically what this copy is, it's like, Hey, I love to the bedroom, et cetera, et cetera.

Perfect for hanging above the bed as a symbol of you and your partner's love for each other. So testing that. And what I'm doing here is I'm just using a few different creatives essentially to go ahead and illustrate that angle.

So, and I think I have one more in here to put, yeah, this one right here. Again, these are not the best, but if I was actually doing this with a brand that I'm running, I would go ahead, set up a photo shoot, you know, craft the angle and stuff and make higher production video and content just because this right here is not a true test or it is a true test, but it just, the likelihood of this outbeating the other one is low. So I'm going to publish this and there we go.

Now, what we're going to do here is every time we want to test some new creative, we're simply going to duplicate this. We'll call this test two. And you always want to make sure you're using the best performing audience in the account at the time.

Now, this particular test right here, you know, I might do three new creatives or, you know, I might do new ad copy. Like who knows it'd be different, but you just keep creating tests in this account. So, you know, you might have, let's say you have test two, you might have test three, and you just want to keep updating, adding in new creative or new copy.

But the key here is to, you know, eliminate as many variables as you can. So we're testing a new audience. I'm going to test the audience.

We know that works and we're testing three ads all against that same piece of copy. So that way we know, Hey, this angle works or this angle doesn't work. Or we know this creative works.

This copy doesn't like we need to understand that. So we're starting on creative testing inside there. And we're going to let this run for seven days.

Cause again, we're only spending five to $10 a day per ad set. And we're just letting it run over a period of time. And after that seven days, if it has a row ask that's acceptable, we can duplicate it and try to scale it.

So that's how we do creative testing right there. Now, if we want to do audience testing, what we're going to do is go ahead in this top of funnel. And I want to go ahead and let's do, let's just duplicate this into a new campaign.

And we're going to call this audience testing essentially. Now inside of our audience testing, you notice I just left the, the ads that we know work in it because we know those ads work. They've generated a purchase or two compared to all the other audiences.

This ad set generated purchases, these ads generated purchases, nothing else did. So now what we want to do is we want to start testing audiences and figuring out new audiences we can test. So again, I set daily budget till $10 a day.

And let's say, let's just start coming up with some new ideas here. So let's do, okay, recently moved. Can we do recently engaged?

Engaged. Okay. Maybe not.

Oh, friends of newly engaged people. Okay. Copying that and putting that in here.

Okay. We hit control D again. What's another one?

Let's see if we can do something related to like home decor. There we go. Decor, home, home and decar.

There we go. I can even do like interior design as well. And basically what I'm doing is trying to think of relevant interests to our specific product.

So there's interior design. Let's do home owner. That's the case.

I think we tried doing this last one. Okay. That one didn't work at all.

What about like home, home appliances? I know this sounds weird, but sometimes just getting outside the box and doing other like things that's relevant. So like, let's say for example, they just moved into the home.

They're looking at home appliances. They're looking at paint colors. They're looking at decorating.

They're looking at interior design, or they're just someone that enjoys doing stuff around their house. What's all the different things they're going to do. So there we go.

We've got a few things created. Let's go back to our campaign. You can see right there, audience testing.

Now again, audience testing, we want to set it at five to $10 a day per ad set. And you just let it run for seven days. So creative testing, let it run for seven days.

Audience testing, let it run for seven days. And that's, that's how we do it essentially. Now our top of funnel initial launch, we're only doing this for initial launch to gather data.

Then we're going to start going back to some of these lower budget stuff so that we can try to scale things. Now, what happens when you find a winner? So like, let's say for creative testing, you've run this for seven days and this works awesome.

You get a good ROAS. Now it's time to try to scale it. So what we're going to do is go ahead and hit duplicate, wait, cancel duplicate.

Let's see. And I want a new campaign and I want to call this scaling or a tofu or top of funnel. And we're going to do a test number one times recently moved and then we'll do scale tests.

And then obviously you can just do like something like that for, uh, the naming conventions. So I'm going to skip ad set, hit continue. And what we're going to do is we're going to set the campaign budget optimization.

We're going to set the daily budget at five to 10 X my target CPA. So if I set it up at $25 or $10 worked pretty good. Target CPA is $25.

So we're going to do five times 25, 125 bucks a day, just cause I don't want to go too crazy with this. I'm going to hit publish. And what I'm going to do the scale test, I'm going to paste my ad set in it.

That worked really well. I'll turn off any creative that didn't perform well in that first test. And I'm just going to hit publish.

And what I'm basically going to do here is something started converting well at low. So now let's test it at a higher budget essentially. And I've been a big fan of this, of running a one, one, one or one, one, three, one, one, two, where you basically take an ad set and that's working.

You take the creatives that's inside of it, the ads inside of it that are working, and you just create one campaign with it. And what's going to happen is you might have five or six scale tests from different ads that are working. Now, look, if you run this creative testing campaign and you see test number one, you spend $5.

The first day you get a purchase, it's like a 30 extra ROAS. Don't go ahead and do a scale test. Let it run for a full seven days.

So that way you can really see how that looks with $70 spent, which would be a three X target CPA. Really see what that looks like before you do a scale test. Because if you do a scale test too early, because you get a free little quick purchase real quick, then it's going to be not as efficient essentially.

So we got that creative testing. We got the scale test done. Now, how do you manage this?

I think that's the big question. So let's say if a scale test doesn't work, that's okay. That's totally okay if a scale test doesn't work.

So that happens, tends to happen with some campaigns. And that's why we're constantly doing creative testing. So we shoot to test six new ads, six new creatives, two to three new copies every single week.

We shoot to test three new audiences every single week because 99% of you guys that are going to follow this video are going to do it once. Say my strategy didn't work. And you're just not going to do the creative testing.

You're not going to do the audience testing. And that's the things that make this strategy work. Watching my other videos on how to structure creative tests, watching my other videos on how to think about new creatives and stuff like that.

That's what's going to get you better results inside of your accounts. Oh, Hey, look, cool. Another purchase just showed up for this particular one.

That's funny. So how do you actually go about managing all of this? So again, we talked about bottom of funnel and middle of funnel.

We talked about creative testing and audience testing. You're letting those things run seven days at a time using $5 to $10 a day budgets, putting three ads in each creative test, either, you know, new copy and three proven creatives or three proven or three new ads altogether or three new creatives with a best performing ad copy. And then we also showed you how to do a scale test.

Now let's say for example, for a scale test or like for creative testing, you find a new winning audience. That's very strong. When you do these, you can use that to test new creatives as well.

You can also duplicate an audience testing ad set into a CBO campaign like this and do a scale test with it as well. So there's, that's going to be the thing you have to fine tune right there as you utilize this strategy. Now, next thing, how do you actually manage this account?

So here's what we do. So again, your creative testing and your audience testing ad sets, you let run for full seven days and you don't touch them. Your bottom of funnel and your middle of funnel, you toss in some new ads here and there.

And then your scaling campaigns, you know, you obviously create this scaling campaign with either five X or 10 extra target CPA CBO. But now how do you actually manage those specific campaigns? Cause that's going to be the biggest one right there.

And my ad sets that are at five to $10 a day, my creative and audience testing campaign, I am not touching the budget on those. Do not try to scale them. Just leave them be because what tends to happen is you touch them and then all of a sudden they break and just leave them be.

Trust me. I don't know if I'm just OCD and love to see all $10 ad sets or all $5 ad sets, but I do notice when I just leave it be, I don't focus on those because look, 20% increase on $5 a day for a few days. It's gonna take forever to really scale anything up.

So quickly add account adjustments right here. We're going to look at the last seven day window, last seven days. And what we're going to do here, we're going to look at the last seven days and we're going to look at our ROAS on our scale test campaign specifically performance across, perform across us, across all active campaigns.

So we're going to go just follow this chart campaign type. All right. So tofu, it's a scaling scaling campaign.

Now, if you're using a third party attribution software, optimize your tofu ads on first click has the campaign been long running longer for three days. So I have a 72 hour rule where do not touch anything for the first 72 hours. Once you launch something.

Now, if it's not checking back again tomorrow for that specific campaign, if it has then, okay, yes, it has been running for longer than three days. There's a few different budget adjustments we're going to do. So if ROAS is above our target ROAS increased daily budget by 20%.

If ROAS is between breakeven and target lower daily budget by 20%. If ROAS is below our breakeven turn off campaign. So over the course of seven days, the average over seven days, if that ROAS is below breakeven returning that off campaign type, go back on top.

MoFu, but I'm a funnel on PPS. We didn't really get into PPS, but that's just more of advanced stuff. That's past purchases and stuff like that.

Repeat last click attribution. If you're using third party attribution, has a campaign been running longer for them longer than three days. No check back in tomorrow.

If it has, I want you guys to replace turning this campaign. You want to turn off that ad. So for middle funnel, bottom of funnel, you want to go all the way to the ad level for this specific thing right here.

So, um, that's the only thing that didn't get to fix up for this video. Um, you want to go to the ad level, so go to the ad level and then, okay, if ROAS is below breakeven on an ad, turn it off. If ROAS is between breakeven and target, leave it on for us is above target frequency, increase that daily budget on that specific campaign by 20%.

So, but yeah, so this is how you can pretty much manage all of this. And this is going to probably be the most complex guide I've ever put together around Facebook ads and everything specifically. We keep things simple in a way, just so we can focus mostly on creative strategy, copywriting and all that good stuff.

So, but yeah, guys, I really appreciate y'all checking in, taking a look at this whole series. I'm sure there's me a lot of comments, just drop them below. I'll do my best to answer as many as I can.

Now, if you are an e-com brand and you're looking for someone to work with someone that's helped multiple brands scale to six and seven figures to help you out with your brand, maybe take over your ads or focus on your creative and your strategy and stuff like that. When you're making more than 25k a month, then make sure you click the link below to book a call with me. My team will hop on a call at you, we'll look at your strategy and everything like that, and we'll put together something for you.

You can either run with it or you have the option to work with this. Now, if you're making less than 25k a month and you really enjoyed this video and you're just craving like you want more, but you don't know where to find this, then make sure you click the link below to sign up for Elegant Ecom's VIP list. This will be a course I will be launching and the first 50 people who purchase it get it for $500 USD and the people after 50 are going to get it for $1,000.

So make sure you sign up on that list and stay up to date for updates. If you want that course for that good price right there, I'll be going into everything we covered in this video at a more advanced stage and really more of an emphasis on the creative and the strategic side of advertising. Well, guys, thank you all so much for watching this series.

Make sure you give it a major subscribe button and like button for pulling through this whole series right here and drop some more comments below. If there's anything else you want to come and do like a series of, I'd love to do that for you. Well, guys, my name is Nick Sario.

Thank you so much for watching and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.