All right, we just got back to the crib. We are about to film a podcast with a very special guest, and I think he actually just pulled up. So let's go take a look and see.

What's going on, guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today, I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today, I have the one and only CT, The Disruptor, on as a guest speaker for you guys today, jamming out on a few controversial things going on in the community right now. So with that being said, let's dive into the video.

Two-building co-op in 78 for $30,000. Okay. Now, Chelsea, that's by Manhattan?

It's in Manhattan, yeah. So it's like south of Times Square above Wall Street, so it's in between the very rough, so it's in between Central Park and the Financial District. Okay.

So it's like Chelsea, there's Meatpacking District, there's Tribeca and stuff like that, but it's Flatiron Building and all of that is like right north of all of that. I don't know, man. I haven't been to New York.

I've been there like three times, and I got stuck in Dubai and the spot. But her aunt is, as she would say, a Jew of a certain age, and so they moved to Florida. Might as well keep the property and the family.

My wife learned how to cook in that kitchen when she was like eight, nine, ten, you know, cooking Hanukkah and Thanksgiving and Christmas dinner. It got some historic value to it. Yeah, so it was funny.

I was talking with Max, you know, Marketing Max, the newsletter. Dude, good guy. Friends with Dylan Ander and Phillip Rivers and that whole crew.

I was talking with him yesterday, and he's like, man, it went 50x in the last 40 years, so you're telling me in 2060, that place will be worth like 100? I'm like, well, shit, I guess. Not that I'll need that money then, but you know, whatever.

Yeah, dude. So what brings you out to L.A.? More so of just wanting to come to L.A.

All right. There's literally like, we filmed constant all weekend, but for the most part, I haven't been in two years. Okay.

So, haven't been in two years, so I was like, hey, I really want to go. Last time I went, I went to Santa Monica. Santa Monica's phenomenal.

I love Santa Monica. I was like, all right, I want a completely different vibe this time. Yeah, you have a different vibe, yeah.

Hollywood Hills, let's get a mansion, let's go rent some cars. Oh, yeah, dude. Just have a fun.

I saw you with the vet. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, we rent, actually it was, yeah, that's my personal at home. Okay. But we rented two Lambos yesterday.

Oh, okay. That was, yeah, so you missed the vet. Got it.

So you rented the Lambos. Okay. Yeah, so Lambos were fun.

It was, it was fun, but trying to learn a whole new vehicle in a city with like, you've never been in, was a challenge. Oh, yeah. Oh, homeless people, things coming fly.

Yeah, I get it. That was something different though. That was something different though.

When I went to Santa Monica, like two years ago, the homeless was really bad. Yeah. But I feel like it actually cleaned up a lot since I've been here.

No, it's funny. My family that's visited has said the same thing. And I think it's just a change in leadership.

And I think COVID had a big part to do with things. And just, who knows? But yeah, I mean, everywhere it's a lot cleaner than it used to be, which is nice.

It's awesome. It's good to see you. It's a beautiful city.

It's different. I'm a very big Miami guy. Miami still has my heart and soul and everything.

Of course, man. It's a vibe, dude. It's such a, it's weird because they're both beach cities.

They're both very similar cities in terms of like, the attitude of people. Yeah. But like, you still get a whole new experience at the same time.

Yo, absolutely. My buddy, John Snow, he's a Miami guy. Snow agency, right?

Yeah, yeah. He's a Miami guy. He's like, man, I live where I would go to vacation.

Like I just, it's beautiful. It's interesting. I lived in Florida for like 10 years.

And there is, there is definitely like, what I like about LA is you have that, but then like, you can drive 30 minutes to a different, like part of the planet. That makes sense. Yeah.

One hour, what? One hour up north, you're snowboarding. Oh yeah.

One hour to the left, you're going to the beach. Oh yeah, dude. Like my birthday two years ago, I woke up, walked my dogs in my shorts in my neighborhood.

I live in, I was about 15 minutes east of here. And then got in my car, drove 45 minutes, went snowboarding all day. And I could see the desert from the mountaintop.

Snowboarding. Snowboarding. That's a surreal experience.

Dude, I swear to God, it's so surreal. And then I came home and we went to the beach for like, for like a barbecue on the beach, like dinner side. And like, so it was like, you saw people surfing at night, snowboarding during the day, walking my dogs in my shorts in the morning.

Like just, the only place we don't have is, well, two places. One, we don't have anything tropical. The water here is cold as shit.

Yeah, that's true. I've heard that from a lot of people. And no rainforest.

Other than that, we got, we got big ass rocks, snow, beaches, hills, flatlands. We got all that stuff, which is nice. You have access.

Not really. But hey, look, we don't have it. You guys are being honest.

You know what I'm saying? Just being honest. We don't have it here.

But like, being in Florida, I guess swamp too. We have a lot of swamp in Louisiana where I'm from. Yeah.

We got a lot of swamp in Louisiana. A lot of swamp, a lot of heat. It's hot year round.

Oh yeah, man. I remember winter it was like 70 degrees. Oh yeah.

I remember touring through Louisiana and like, something I remember in Louisiana that I've never seen anywhere else in the United States is like, 20 miles a highway where it's just on pontoons above a swamp. Yep. And there's just like, no exit and it's just perish to perish to perish.

And all you see is the top of mangroves or whatever. And then it's just swamp below, but there's no, there's no land. But you're also not at sea.

It's very weird. Yeah. It's a weird vibe right there.

Yeah. It's the only place in the world I've ever seen it. And it was nice.

It was a different vibe. I remember going through that. I remember last time I went there, I think last time I was in Louisiana I was doing a gig in Shreveport and driving from Tallahassee to Shreveport was a trip.

That's always a fun drive. Yeah. That's a, yeah, Shreveport's a very boring drive if you're driving from north to south.

Yeah. It's nothing but just like highway and trees for miles at a time. Yeah.

And like, yeah, very, there's no roadside attractions. Yeah. Yeah.

It's not like going up 95 where you hit like Pedro's south of the border and all that. You ever go to Pedro's? Oh, man.

There's this thing at the border between North and South Carolina called Pedro's south of the border. Okay. And they used to have billboards up and down 95 all the way up to like Jersey.

And they eventually had to cover them up because as time went on they proved to be like mildly or very offensively racist. but all the billboards were like had this guy in the corner asleep with this sombrero off in the corner. And then they were all just basically all the billboards were aimed at kids to like, hey, shout at your parents.

Pedro's is only 60 miles away. If you keep screaming, they'll stop. Like, it was all the billboards were set up so that the kids in your car would go ape shit until you pulled over at this spot.

And you could see from about 10 miles away because they had a big giant thing. It was like a sombrero or whatever. They had a, you know, they have little shops and they have a, like a mini golf and a little hotel and some campgrounds and stuff.

But, uh, I remember that was like, that was a big fun. I don't know. If you're a roadside attraction kind of guy.

Reminds me a lot of Buc-ee's. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.

Texas. Have you ever been to Buc-ee's? Oh, I've been to a Buc-ee's.

Oh, I know about Buc-ee's. Yeah. Oh man.

My favorite is like the white chocolate Buc-ee's. The one that's like that, you know? Those are the best.

Yeah. If I had worn my Crocs, I got a Buc-ee's like. Oh, one of those.

Oh yeah. Nice. Oh, I got one man.

Yeah. Yeah. Buc-ee's are, Buc-ee's are awesome.

I got a buddy from San Antonio that turned me on to Buc-ee's. It's, yeah, it's, it's crazy that you drive through a city and like one of the attractions is a gas station. But dude, like it sounds crazy until you've been to one and then you're like, oh yeah, of course, this is the coolest thing ever.

It's like a Target inside of a gas station. It was even crazier. It's like a Buc-ee's manager will easily make like six figures a year.

Oh, I don't doubt it. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah.

Yeah. There's like people that work at a gas station making like 80 grand a year. That's, that's the Buc-ee's.

Yeah. Buc-ee's is, is, that's incredible, man. Like I think they've got them now.

I think the most, they got one, I think in Daytona now. Okay. I, I, I was down in Florida a while ago, but yeah, I think that's now the most East coast, the most East the Buc-ee's are.

And it is, people come from Orlando. They come down from like Gainesville. Like they drive up from maybe not Miami, not, you know, Fort Lauderdale, but it's a, it's a, it's a, it's an attraction and it's like a small Buc-ee's.

It's only like 10 times the size of a normal gas station. I think my favorite thing about Buc-ee's is, I know you said the Pedro's and everything like that. When you're driving through the city and, you know, kind of transitioning to more towards what we specialize in, marketing and advertising, everything like that.

Buc-ee's is phenomenal with like saying exactly what you want to hear. Like, Hey, like five miles, you can clean, you can pee in a clean bathroom. Oh yeah.

Like just very straightforward, direct of exactly what you want to hear. Clean toilets, you know, like things like that. Yeah.

And the corn nuggets and the like, that's a good point though. The bathrooms. Yeah.

They're always the cleanest things ever. It's like the exact opposite of like a flying J's. But yeah, Buc-ee's is, Buc-ee's is awesome.

My, my buddy got married in Texas and we got him a whole bunch of Buc-ee's swag. I thought you were about to say he got married. No, no, he did not get married.

I can see that happening right now. I mean, I'm sure people do. I mean, it is, I'm sure someone's been proposed to him.

Of course. Oh, a hundred percent. I, I'll bet you that happens at least.

Yeah. Yeah. It's gotta happen at least once a year.

Someone's getting married. Someone's getting at least proposed to at Buc-ee's. Yeah.

Yeah. That's the, that's the cool thing about like Buc-ee's for example. It's like from a consumer perspective, all they did was listen to what people hate about other gas stations and literally just did.

All right. We're going to make a gas station with none of those problems. We're going to add more fuel pumps.

You do not have to wait for anyone. Yeah. We're going to make the bathrooms as clean as possible.

Yeah. You can eat off the floor to Buc-ee's. It is.

We're going to offer everything in there, in there that they could possibly need for their road trip. Oh yeah. Boom.

That's it. The best beef jerky, the best chocolate bars, like they got fountain drinks all over the place. Yeah.

The beef jerky is phenomenal. Oh yeah. And they cut it off the thing.

They're prepping for it right there. Like it's like a, it's a decent deli. It's the best.

Yeah. That roast beef sandwiches, phenomenal. A hundred percent.

It's like, you can go to Hardee's or you can go to a Buc-ee's. I'll go to the Buc-ee's. Things are great.

Roast beef with the, yeah, with the cheese. Good stuff. Last time I went, I got a spicy chicken sandwich.

Oh yeah, dude. And they had a Chick-fil-A not too far away from it. And I was like, I know exactly who they went after with that one.

It was phenomenal. Those are good things. So where are you going to dinner tonight?

Nobu. Okay. Nobu.

And I was actually upset because I thought we booked the, I didn't realize there's two Nobus. Oh yeah. There's two.

Yeah. There's Malibu Nobu and there's Los Angeles Nobu. So we're going to Los Angeles one.

And I spent like an hour on the phone earlier with the Malibu one. Like, Hey, can we please get a reservation tonight? They're like, no, we have like a waiting list of people just trying to get a reservation.

Oh yeah. Yeah. Ha ha.

Where, where else have you been in town? Let's see. We went to Hollywood Boulevard.

We're going to do Rodeo Drive today. Santa Monica today as well. We're going to do Santa Monica last night as well.

Santa Monica has some of the best, I would say bars and clubs. Sure. That makes sense.

In LA. You know, not like the hardcore stuff, but like just some pretty good like little dive bars. That's a great place to go spend time.

I mean, that's, that's the economy. Yeah. Yeah.

So, and then I think that's probably the main things right there. So, yeah. You're doing a, a Hollywood Hills trip.

That makes sense. You're doing, you're hitting all the nice joints to hit. You're not doing the, uh, I didn't hear any, uh, carwash, parking lot, tacos.

Next time. Is that something that you recommend? Oh, dude, if you got that, I don't trust a taco spot here in LA.

There's three things that will make me trust it. One, it's got to have a pineapple on top of the spit. Otherwise just keep going.

Two, if there is a line and it's in the parking lot of a carwash. Okay. Guaranteed that it's going to be good.

Phenomenal spot. Yeah. Phenomenal spot.

And third one, I like, I'm suspect if English is the first language on the menu, but I will go up, 100% gringo as hell. Just be like, look, I want chicken, pork, and a steak. And I'll try to get through it all.

But like those, those are always the best. And then, uh, you can get, it's like an LA style dog thing. They get the, uh, the hot dogs wrapped in bacon outside on the street.

That sounds pretty good. Yeah. I think there's, I think it's like an LA dog kind of deal, but especially out on Hollywood or a lot of times you see them at like outside of clubs or venues.

And what I love is say you leave like Dodger stadium or you go into a concert or you're coming out of the club. The further away from the front door you get, the cheaper the hot dogs get. They're like 20 bucks up front.

Then they're like 10. Then across the street, they're like five. And you can just keep walking, but they gotta, yeah, they're just, they're just, those are top notch, top notch good stuff.

But you know, that's, that's a different, that's a different LA vibe. You can get like a hundred different vibes in LA, which is nice. That's also makes the city special.

Yeah. You know, you can, you can find your niche. And if you get tired of that one, there's another one out there.

Yeah. I always, just one vibe all around. Yeah.

You know, and I think it's one thing that I like, I was talking to some buddies and my buddy Chase, who's at heat map now. And, and some, we're all in this fancy football league together. And we were talking about it.

And like New York's got an energy and Paris has an energy and London and all this. And LA has got like access is the thing. Like you can get to anywhere.

And like, like I go to the grocery store, there'll be a guy begging outside of it. And then also a millionaire, like movie star, like parking his car. And like, it's just all sorts, like everybody's completely intermingled.

Whereas like New York is more like gate kept, but there's an energy that is like buzzing off of the street. Miami is just, I mean, I don't have to tell you, just Miami is a whole other vibe. Miami, you feel like you're in a different country.

Yeah. Yeah. That's the easiest way to say it from there.

I mean, it's, it's a beautiful thing. though. It's a, I've been to Miami more than a few times.

I remember, I think the last time I went to Miami, I ended up on a beach at ultra. Okay. By a tent that was being propped up because it was hooked up to a hose, trying to lower my heart rate for about two and a half hours.

It was a good time. I found myself at the front of a jungle tent. Wow.

With my face melting for about four, four or five hours. And I had a good time. I walked away a happy guy.

That sounds like a funny. Pretty sure I lost about 15 pounds that day. Good times.

So what, you're kind of shifting gears a little bit. Yeah, let's do it. What, what's been going on with you, man?

I know we did podcast, what, probably about a year ago now. Yeah, something like that. Yeah.

I know, I know pretty much everyone that watches our stuff already knows who each other are. Yeah. What's going on?

What's going to go on with your business? What, what you've been focusing on? Yeah.

I know you've been growing your school. Yeah. And then also too, I know you have the agency too.

Yeah. How's that been treated? It's been good.

I've really been looking at Disruptor Enterprises as a whole. Okay. It's really three different paths.

And my focus, this last bit is like, I'm going to try to raise the net revenue of each one to more or less even levels. So for instance, let's say, let me get 30 K take home from all three. That's a million a year.

That's baseline for the month, for instance. And so there is the brand builder agency stuff that we have. And in there, I only take in four or five brands at a time.

And what we're doing with those are, you know, just trying to scale up businesses. Instead of being an ad agency where a business model would be, spend as much of your money as possible and take a commission on it. We're taking deals where it has far more to do with like the growth of the business.

And for instance, like one deal might look like we'll do a baseline. And then we'll take some, if you're going to say, you can do say a million a year or a million a month, whatever it happens to be. And let's say you get to, we'll give you like five or 10% wiggle room, but let's say it's 10% wiggle room and you're going to do a million.

If you get to a million five, then we'll take a, we'll take a small piece of that extra, you know, whatever million one to million five. We'll take a little piece of that until it becomes so exorbitantly, expensive that we transition that into more of an ownership. I mean, so we, the idea is basically we come in as a performance and growth team and ultimately earn equity in businesses.

And it's sort of like my attempt of making like a shark tank deal where we don't have to kick money out of pocket. Does that make sense? So we're getting little pieces of a lot of growing things.

And now are you getting people? So people are coming in regular flat fee on a monthly basis, or is it pretty much just structured as a equity deal? So it'll mature into that.

So let's give it, for instance, we had a, we have a brand that came in a skincare business, primarily Amazon, trying to get into Facebook ads and Shopify and all that stuff. Tale as old as time at these days. And they were really struggling.

Like they're, they're trying to get their CAC below like 40 bucks. And on, on Amazon, their ACOS was like five, you know, they were, they were getting it down to 20%. So their, their ROAS is basically five, you know, they were basically paying like 20 bucks to acquire a customer, 15, 20 bucks.

And we were trying to get their Facebook going, or they were talking to us and they're saying, well, it costs us like 200 bucks, $300 is going to sale. And we started to look at like the omni channel lift and focusing on where Facebook ads was generating a halo on Amazon and all of that. Long, so short this year, we basically doubled their ad budget or the last, last 90 months or last 90 days.

We basically doubled their ad budget every month. And I think last month in February, their Facebook cost per acquisition was like 130 bucks, which for them was an abject failure until they realized that they'd also quadrupled revenue when they're coming in at $30 cost per acquisition, baking and all the other things. And we're getting to the point where it will become a liability on the balance sheet to continue to work with us where it's cash out of the front end of the business.

And so at that point, we can start to have a conversation of saying like, Hey, why don't we transition some of this money and to investing equity deal? So you can, we can work together and you can protect that cashflow and put it into the growth of the business. And so if we can also manage those relationships for you and figure that stuff out and try to work on it, then we're getting that value.

And then part of those deals are also something I've done for a long time is if I take equity, what I don't want is to wait until the exit. That's what I was about to say next. It's like, when do you get paid?

Yeah. So we'll get an ongoing thing. Let's just use simple numbers that aren't real for the purpose of this conversation.

Let's say it's 10,000 a month. And when it gets to 15 or 20,000 a month, we're like, wow, this is company, this is money out of your pocket every single day. Let's put some of this money back into additional vendors or cashflow or inventory or something like that.

Like that's an extra, it's a, it's a piece, like all of it matters. And if we know that every dollar you give to us is $3, you're not making in six months, like, Hey, let's go make more money. So what if instead of every five, 10 grand a month, it meets like one or 2% and we can start to work on that based on the current valuation of the business.

After a six or 12 month vesting period, we can sell some of that back to you. So all the vested equity has this maturation rate and the people we've worked with so far have been really receptive to the idea of saying, what you're going to do is basically work for a fee and then take a lower price as we grow to build me up to the point where we're really big. And then you'll sell me back my equity so I can go find investors.

Nobody's unhappy about basically being able to buy back their, buy back their equity before they go and raise capital. And then we also, you know, have relationships to help them raise capital. I'm not taking anything on that.

Yeah. So to put that in like simpler terms for people, so you start off with a low, a flat fee, let's just say 5k a month. Sure.

Hypothetically speaking. Hypothetically speaking. 5k a month.

Then all of a sudden, Hey, now you're starting to get paid out. Maybe 10k 15 because you're like a small performance. Yeah.

Yeah. We're taking some, we're taking a piece of the performance above and beyond projection. Yeah.

Correct. And then now from there, you're like, Hey, instead of paying me 10, 15k a month, let's go back to 5k or maybe a little bit less. And you take that capital and go and reinvest in your business to help you grow faster.

Yeah. It's kind of like what we're doing is saying we'll become investors. Yeah.

Is the way we look at it. And the money that you're investing into that business is your fee each month. Is the fee each month.

And we get that back in equity. Yeah. And then we'll say like, Hey, six months, a year down the road, depending on whatever we're going to go as the marketing rate, we're willing to take the gamble of them saying, let's take a lower fee.

And in the future, we'll just take the equity on it. So now we're even more motivated. Now, do you have a specific day?

You're like, all right, I don't know. Let's just say six months down the road. Okay.

Hey, I'm ready to, I need to get paid. You know, I'm looking to put the money into something for a personal investor or something like that. What do you think about it from this particular client?

Do you have a moment where it's just like, all right, Hey, you know, I've built up a, maybe a hundred thousand dollars with you, for example. Sure. I want $50,000 right now.

Yeah. How does that conversation look like? That conversation basically comes to the point of there's a vesting period.

And at the end of that vesting period, we have the ability, the option to exercise. And so far we've only had to do it like months. And that wasn't because we really need the money.

That was because they wanted to go get equity. They wanted to go get, sorry, they wanted to go get investments and they want to go get investment. Well, the easiest thing we can do is sell you to be fair.

If we're like, to your point, say it's a hundred K let me buy my hundred. Why don't you give me my hundred K back and you can go take that equity and sell it to somebody else for $200,000 on a multiple on your business. Okay.

Well now you as the owner are like, well shit, it cost me a hundred K to get 200. I'll do that all day. Yeah.

So like when you build up that equity in that business, you have a percentage of ownership in a way. So they want to see a sole owner from an investor. Sure.

They sell you back. Yeah. And I'm not getting it at the multiple.

I'm getting it the current rate. Yeah. So now as the business owner, you're like, holy shit, I'll give you a hundred.

I get 200 back done deal. So far, nobody's ever had a problem with it. That's awesome.

And so that's a great deal. And so let's say for instance, that's one third of things might take home on that. For instance, might be 30.

And then I've got the disruptor school, which is I'm transitioning it more and more into an e-com business with master classes. We've got the monthly membership stuff, which I've kind of put on. I've stopped accepting people to come in.

I know you've got coaching stuff too, but it got to the point of, I think I have 101 students there. I can't handle 101 students. And it got to the hundreds, the breaking point.

Yeah. The breaking point for me was the hundred. And it was like, you know what?

I'm at capacity and I'm at a place where, as my wife put it, especially as I have a newborn, I, the more money I make, isn't going to buy me back more time with my family. And if there's a certain nut I need to hit and I'm doing in excess of that, you know, at one point it was 500 a month and that price went up, I'm okay. So that side of the business between the subscription membership, tuition, masterclasses, eBooks, information product type stuff.

That's also trying to hit that, for instance, in this example, 30 K. And then I have the MBA program, which I have one of your instructor school is more of like your monthly mentoring, monthly mentoring. And the MBA program is that is the lifetime access high ticket stuff.

And that month is monthly mentoring. And then also eCommerce on just like eBooks and masterclasses and courses, little things like that. Got it.

And the MBA program is like, you get everything. And it's one time price, no month, no reoccurring. But I have a, I have a team that's job is to basically grab leads, set, close.

And we've worked out a commission structure where the more sales they get in a week, the higher the commission percentage. So let's say it's 10 K. And if they get one sale, it's 10%.

If they get two sales, it's 15. If they get three sales, they get 20%. And so they're incentivized to get a higher volume of sales faster and faster.

And ultimately on my part, it's more or less scale. It's, it's very scalable because it's not any more of my time. Yeah.

So there's an entire business of those people coming in, which is a lesson I learned from John, from the snow, the teeth whitening people. And what he did when I was working, I was working at pilot house and some other agencies. I saw the snow deal come across, but what he did was basically instead of getting affiliate marketers to maybe work for him, he hired ad agencies, paid him a flat fee and said, you can't run traffic to my site.

You can't run my lowest cost offer and you can't run branded search. Your job is to sell anything above and beyond base offer and to make it work for itself. And everybody had a market.

So pilot house in Canada, other people have the UK. I saw the UK deal, the Canada deal, the Germany deal and the Australia deal all in about that. Three months.

And I was like, I figured out what he's doing. And then I got to, yeah. So he hired multiple different ad agencies and then obviously gave them a couple of limitations to help their own stuff.

And then from there, he had them in each different geo locations. Yeah. So too, so that way they can't really all compete for you.

There's no co-mingling. Yeah. And they can't buy branded search and they can't sell the lowest cost product.

So you know who runs branded search? He does. You want the lowest price item?

He sells it. And so he has basically top of funnel affiliate marketers working around the world on a for profit basis. And then, so wait, so in that terms right there, the ad agencies, he was paying a monthly fee?

Yeah. Okay. So you said, pay in.

Yeah. Let's say pilot house is getting 5k plus 10% ad spend. Got it.

Out of that, they had to pay off their, their, their profit margins had to pay off their cost. And so he's basically hiring people at a profit around the world. And they're running buy two, get one freeze and special bundles to their own landing pages, doing all the dev, all the creative, all the work themselves.

And what he did, which I thought was brilliant. And what I've been doing basically ripping him off is saying, let me give really entrepreneurial people a product of zero cost of, zero cost of good. All they have to do is market it at a profit.

I'm paying all the operational costs. I have all the backend. I'm going to do all the maintenance and customer service.

All you need to do is bring in customers where at the end of the day, you pay me a bigger check than I pay you. So in that perspective right there, are you looking for people to like, like appointment centers? Sure.

Are you looking for people like salespeople? Are you looking for other people just run ads to that product right there? Yeah.

So I mean, it's kind of all of it. And basically what I'm doing for most folks is, is this, I have my internal team that is doing the closing. And so everybody I'm bringing on their job, basically, they can't run branded.

They cannot pixel my site. They cannot run ads from my account. I have the closer.

You can get paid on literally anything else. You can take any of my products. You can bundle them up and make your own value ladders and journeys and sell those info products and create.

And then you can do some eBooks courses, masterclass, whatever. If that's what it takes to pay for your ads, man. Like I've got one guy that took multiple eBooks around the one campaign built out of one campaign blueprint course.

And I get so many people like I took your course. And I'm like, you took this guy's course that he's using to pay his ad spend for lead gen to get centers to the closers. Yeah.

And so he's getting all his operational costs and ad spend is basically off of a product with zero overhead. Wow. And so he's doing a product for a product.

He's doing lead gen for me to ultimately get him a percentage of the commission of the high ticket sales. And so those three things together is sort of the different pillars of stuff. And then I'm putting some money into some businesses here and there.

And I'm doing sort of like buying a house here and getting an apartment in New York. Those, those kind of fun things, but those, those are more of like personal. Yeah.

That's all personal stuff. You're like, Hey, I'm starting Airbnb. I'm investing into stuff.

Yeah. No, I don't have time for all of that. Like the idea with this is basically with the brand grower stuff.

I just get to saw. I like to think of it is you ever watch house. Yeah.

A little bit. Okay. I'm house.

I got a team that does great work. The team comes to me and I kind of manage at a distance. They all throw stuff out.

I problem solve. I got people that are really good at different things and it's, and it's people I've worked with for a long time. You know, some of my best students in the MBA program, former business partners of mine and my old boss, actually 310 nutrition and my life.

And he worked at Kathy Winker and built up of Dubooks and a bunch of other businesses. And so he's working on ops. Somebody else is working on ads and I just basically kind of work the middle, which is great.

And I show up on all the calls. There's no like success team. You never get passed off to the 23 year old kid that doesn't know if media buying is what he wants to do and has never run a business.

Every single day you're talking every single time I hop on a call with any of the people in Disruptor in the brand. Growth. They're talking to the people that are hands on and I'm on every one of those calls, but ultimately it's a couple hours a week that I have to designate to these projects.

And they're effectively hiring like grade a C suite to come in. And our job is to make it so that we are a value add to the balance sheet. And if we are, it's impossible to like, look at it as an unhappy thing.

We're not an ad agency competing for attribution. Cause I don't care. Like my whole thing is like, did you make more money than you thought you were?

Did that fee that you pay us get covered in spades with the added value? If so, you're never going to fire us. And we're going to train you how to do everything that we do because the actual day to day work that we do is of very little value.

Like media buying has gotten to the point where if you worked at Pizza Hut for two weeks, you can be a chef. I think being a great Facebook media buyer takes about the same level of like of dedication, like the actual execution of the platform. Yeah.

Knowing what to do with love and beyond that takes far more work. If you have the, and I think that's where like a lot of people still haven't fully developed of that like separation between the two, you know, they think of media buying, they think of everything, creating the creatives, creating the ads. It's like, no media buying is literally just pushing buttons.

Yeah. I've trained up, uh, two media buyers now. And like the first one took me almost a year, but that was like back in 2020.

Sure. The second one I trained up fully in like three weeks. There you go.

Managing accounts on a couple hundred thousand dollars. Yeah. Like if you have all the SOPs in the place, phenomenal.

Yeah. You know, that's, it's literally just button pushing. That is it.

Yeah. And the way I like to say it is like being a media buyer is part of a performance marketers job and being a performance marketer is part of a growth marketers job. And like those all have different various stages.

So like you can be a chef at McDonald's or Pizza Hut. You can level up to being like a line cook or the guy running the kitchen at like a decent restaurant. Or you can be the guy that's owning multiple restaurants.

So those are all different stages of the game. And men and women throughout all of that might find their right fit. But yeah.

So like the point of that is in our relation, especially because I teach is where I come from. And our relationships with brands, like my ultimate goal is to let the brand do like, let me show you how easy this is. And then get some kid.

Like I work with one where it's like, let's just get your son when he graduates college. Let's come on in. Like, I wish I could work with Jason Panzer, but like his kids working at Sharma, they're just crushing it.

It's like, that's the kid you want. That's the person you want to come in and do this stuff. Cause like they're fresh.

They've never been taught how to do it the wrong way. Just give them the standard operating procedure. Let them get in there, get their hands dirty, make it so they don't get uncomfortable by hitting too many zeros on a screen.

Start seeing that number climb and they stopped thinking of it as real money. And they just start thinking of it as real people and just do good work. Cause that's all it really is.

It's also, it's a big difference when you're spending someone else's money and then you are spending your own money. Oh, that's a big thing. And then also to what your current belief is of a lot of money is.

Yeah. That's also a big one with like new level media buyers. Oh, absolutely.

You know, we were spending a hundred dollars a day. It's a lot of money. I'm like, no, not really.

Yeah. And then it's like, what's the difference between a hundred dollars a day and a thousand dollars a day? The only difference is zero.

Yeah. That's it. Nothing else changes.

I mean, I had heart palpitations trying to make it through the net when I was spending a million a day. Like that is uncomfortable. And I wanted to say like, I haven't been okay with spending that much.

That is, that is an uncomfortable amount of money. But like at some point, it's interesting. I'm in this like little mastermind group that somebody invited me in and it's just some like discord channel.

Oh, is that what Chris? No, is it Christian? I know exactly what you're talking about because I got, I got, uh, he's, he's also in my inner circle and he messaged me and said, Hey, I got this little discord group.

Charlie's in there. A couple other guys are in there. You want to join?

I was like, look, dude, I've never even used it. Yeah. It's the only thing I have this part of my phone for.

To be fair. I probably won't even open it. So yeah.

Okay. Fair enough. I was in there and this guy, Dennis posted this thing and he's like, he shows me the screenshot and it's just the, the, the, it's, it's the, it's the, it's the campaign section and all the stuff is blocked out.

And it's like 50 campaigns. And he's like, I just got this ad account from so-and-so agency cost cap bros of a agency. That's losing numbers and trying to exit.

So that's not working out. So they built a SAS company X, Y, and Z. Well, he's a man of God's.

I won't talk shit about him, but like people know who he is. Yeah. Point is, I know exactly who you talking about because I know Dennis.

Yeah. And me and this particular client parted ways within the first 30 days because we were switching over from cost caps, like 50 cost cap campaigns. Oh yeah.

To broad targeting single campaign. Sure. And all I would do is see this particular person just constantly revolving around marketing Twitter, talking in threads about cost caps, bid caps, stuff like that.

Oh yeah. And then he let us go into the month and then, uh, yeah, Dennis took over the account. Yeah.

He's a really cool guy though. Like no, no, he's a phenomenal brand and everything like that. Yeah.

But he's like super deep into the cost cap stuff. Yeah. And it was funny.

I had a, uh, I was interesting. I had a video that went live on, on YouTube a couple of weeks ago and it was like, when you're in LA long enough, you can kind of tell that like somebody was raised in Scientology. And it's like, when you're in Utah long enough, you know that somebody is like former LDS.

Right. And it's like, or when somebody was like, like had way too much garlic in their bagel this morning, like you can hear it in people's voice. When they're like secret, like cost cap, like, like bros.

Slowly, slowly. And I know anytime like a client messaged me, Hey Nick, what do you think about this? And like they're on Twitter, like three and then see a cost caps post.

And I'm just like, Oh God, I hate having to re-explain myself. Yeah. Yeah.

And just like, I mean, I guess where I'm going with all that is just that I think it's also really interesting. It's a really interesting time because I feel like there are folks struggling to prove their value as performance marketers as why that's why they're important. And I think we are getting to a place where it is becoming so much more valuable to run a good business.

And it is becoming so easy to do the work. The barrier to entry to being good is so low. Now when it comes to the operational, just hitting the buttons, I think I've made an analogy on Twitter today was something like, you know, if you cook everything in the microwave, you're basically just eating it in Applebee's.

Yeah. Right. And it's like no shade to Applebee's, but like, it's not, you know, fine dining.

It's not no boo. You know what I'm saying? And so my point with all of that is I think I'm very excited to have as more and more marketers and more and more brands realize the difference between being a digital marketer, being a performance marketer and understanding what growth looks like.

Because, you know, years, I've been saying the same stuff for like five or six years for what it's worth. People, many, many years, people call me crazy. And then they just start quoting what I have to say and whatever, I'll take it.

I do. Yeah, I completely understand what you mean by that because I remember, you know, like when I was kind of growing up in this particular space right there. I mean, I remember you broad CBO all that.

Oh, yeah. Right there. And I noticed over 2023 almost everyone shifted over to broad targeting.

Oh, yeah. You started talking about 2020 longer than that. You've been talking forever.

I'm just like, I think I started. I was like, I was a broad bro from about 2018, 2019. That was when I that's when I'm willing to accept.

I was preaching the word abroad. I discovered it in 2021. I discovered it from Ben, not Ben Heath, Chase Chappell.

Okay. Yeah. I was like, I'm going to go from him because he would have like one campaign for interest, one campaign for look likes, one campaign for broad targeting.

And he's like, I'll test these out. And depending on which one works better, we'll scale that into. So, and I actually had a product, a metal and fancy selling just crushed with broad targeting.

Love it. And then when I started shifting over to that. And then when I discovered your content, it gave me more confidence to go all in on broad.

Sure. Like, okay, I'm starting to see this new thing. We're testing, but I don't have the full confidence of why it works.

And then your content helped like open my eyes. Like, oh, okay. Now I see why.

So that's, that's a big thing. Like your stuff gave me that confidence as a matter. Oh, I'm glad.

At that time right there to kind of clarify. Okay. Like, I hear go broad targeting.

You also explain like why broad targeting, why it makes sense in that perspective. Yeah. And also too, like how like going all in on that one particular campaign, for example, works the best right there.

Yeah. And I'm really interested because I've seen your message change and it's really been fun. You know, I keep a pulse on things and it's been like Ben Heath and Dara Denny and you have all kind of been evolving and I've been.

Dara or Dara? I think it's Dara, but then again, like maybe, I don't know. I could be wrong.

I, I'm, I, I just claim ignorance at this point. I'm a white kid from the suburbs. I'm wrong about most about everything.

Uh, but yeah. So me and her have a video. We're gonna be shooting soon too.

So nice. Nice. Yeah.

We're gonna be doing a club soon too. She's an amazing marker as well for those. Oh yeah.

Definitely recommend checking out. Uh, I said Dara, you said Dara. Dara, if you're watching the video, like drop a comment below if the exact way to say it.

Just, just, uh, yeah. We need some clarification. We need some clarification.

Yeah. And, uh, yeah, but she's amazing. And it's been great to see everybody's message change and evolve.

And I think some folks have stuck their heels in and I think other folks have, have evolved and, and to be fair, I think I've evolved too. And it's been great to see the evolution of the thought leadership. And, uh, I, I very much appreciate how everybody has been, has been moving towards stuff.

And, and what I love about it too, is like, I mean, Hey, look, sometimes people agree with me, which makes me feel good, but also getting to see like how you all explain all of this stuff between like broad watching you explain broad targeting and like a one campaign sub structure or dynamic creatives. Watch. And it's interesting.

I've been seeing the three, two, two stuff come up as the unicorn method. I don't know who started that, but that's a part of that. Okay.

Now that came up in like the w six community and some other stuff. And, uh, but I just, it's just been really cool to see like, you know, it's interesting. I mean, you're a guy, you're just a guy on YouTube.

I'm just a guy on YouTube. Like we're in our rooms in front of the cameras and stuff. And to see like the real world benefiting and using our lingo and, and how we impact each other is just really fulfilling.

That's the cool thing about YouTube. And you know, I didn't really look at it like this until like a little bit later down the road, but it's like in the beginning, like, you know, I did constant just cause I loved it. Sure.

This is like my fifth YouTube channel. I grew up growing up gaming YouTube channel back when I was younger, a couple of thousands of subscribers. Like I was already knew like, Hey, create constant, get clients.

And that's how I originally started my YouTube channel. But then like after about a year or two years in and started getting people like sending me messages like, bro, I scaled to a hundred K 500 K a month. This is the best.

And I'm like, you're just been watching my free content. Yeah. Yeah.

It just, it blows my mind. It's just like, what? But it creates that goodwill.

And there's a lot of like, you know, lower tier countries that just unfortunately can't quite like a forward. Some of our higher ticket products. Yeah.

I mean, I, I just got something from a guy last night. This guy Boone me Solomon. Maybe I misspelled, maybe pronounce that whatever.

He's a Nigerian guy. And like, I'm, I don't think I'm the only reason of stuff, but like he's moved to him. He's joined the NBA program.

He's doing all sorts of stuff. There's this other guy out of Australia that like at the beginning of COVID was like a cab driver. And he hits me up randomly on Instagram one day.

He's just like, I binged your YouTube channel in between rides. Maybe an Uber driver or something. In between rides.

And my agency just did seven figures this year. I quit driving. And I'm like, bro, who are you?

Like teach me something. Like I'm not doing seven figures. Like, and I'm sure you get it.

It's just, it's just, it's like the best feeling. And I think what I'm doing is like, I'm doing seven figures. Like, I'm doing seven figures.

Like, like, I'm doing seven figures. Like, like, like, and I'm sure you get it. It's just, it's like the best feeling.

And I think what, I don't know about you, let me ask you this. Cause like what motivates me is I see so many people go from that point of like struggle and lack of confidence and like that lack of clarity. And they might've been led astray by some of the, I would consider lower, lower integrity.

People out there. Yeah. And when they come back and they're just like, Oh, instead of giving up on my business, I'm looking at an exit.

I'm hiring people. Like my life is this, that, and the other thing. Like, I don't know, but for me that, that feeling is, is the why at this point.

Right. And so I guess the question to you is just like, I mean, how much of what you do is driven by that and how much of it is like trying to get new stuff. How are you finding any delineation?

Or is it just kind of like you're doing this because that's who you are and these wonderful things happen and that's just more reinforcement. I would say that's a big part of it right there. You know, for me, like my whole YouTube channel, like it's just been a documentation of things as I learned it.

Sure. I learned something new. I go apply it.

Yeah. When I apply it, it gets X results. And then I go film a YouTube video around it.

And I've been doing that since 2020. Like if you go watch like my older videos, like I was preaching like 10 different campaigns running. Oh yeah.

But like at the time that's what was working for me. Yeah. And then over the years you'll see like my trainings and everything start to shift from like campaign structures and doing this to now like, all right, here's like different levels of market awareness.

Here's how to create a new mechanism for like your ads and stuff like that. And it's all been just a reflection of as I invest myself, I come up with new things. It gets X better results for my clients, students, et cetera.

Now I want to show you how to do it. That's been watching the YouTube channel. It's more of just a way to give back and put goodwill in this community.

Yeah. I mean, obviously at the end of the day, I still get clients, I get students from it as well. Sure.

And it provides like a couple different areas of fulfillment. Yeah. You know, because like I love YouTube and everything and I could do it for free.

I mean, I did it for free for a couple of years before I started closing clients and stuff like that. Yeah. So you get the money aspect from it, but you also get that fulfillment of just putting goodwill in the space.

You're getting YouTube, helping and changing lives. You're creating a positive impact. Yeah.

So it's not just like, Oh, I'm learning all this. I'm being selfish with it. It's like, no, I'm literally giving it to people.

I have people at all the time. I'm like, Nick, create a course or something like that. I'm like, just watch my YouTube videos.

Yeah. I'm going to show you step by step everything. And you're like, no, Nick, your course will show me more.

I'm like, no, not at all. Like I literally show you step by step in the videos, everything you need to do. Yeah.

No, I love that. And I love what you're saying is just like, it's a documentation of your, what I heard, let me put it that way. Is it's a, it's a documentary record of your evolution and your growth as a marketer and ultimately as a business operator and somebody, and in sharing that one of the great rewards of that is the positive impact you're having on the livelihood of other people and their families and their quality of life.

Yeah. When you start thinking about things like that, I remember my first ever e-com client, Gritty Soul. We, we helped them scale their business from 30 K a month to 300 K a month.

Huge. And at the time, you see, and this is also like a great example of like, what I don't know, I don't know at the time. Sure.

Because at that time, the only thing we changed was their ad account structure. Okay. That was it.

And it took them literally from 30 K a month to 300 K a month. Like they had like 50 campaigns, all this crazy stuff going on. Then I was like, all right, cool.

Let's introduce a creative testing campaign, audience testing campaign. Like there's still a lot of shit. All of the things.

Yeah. But at the time it's what I knew it's at the time it's what works. So that's why I started preaching, Hey, here's a particular activity we took.

It's action. But go back to your thing. It's like, yeah, when we scaled them, it's like they had to hire more warehouse workers.

Yeah. Hire more like all these people operations. And it's like, you don't really think about it.

You just see numbers on the screen, but it's like, it's a hard 50 new warehouse workers. Yeah. It's like, that's 50 more people that could put food on their family's plates.

Exactly, man. That's insane. So I think about it like that.

Yeah. Like that for me, like, that's what, that's the thing that, that's the, that's the thing for me now at this point. And like, I think, I think I get a reputation for picking fights on the internet, which may or may not be true.

That's something I've seen in your messaging. Yeah. I feel like you've, you've, you've changed the way in it, you know, in the way you're promoting your stuff now.

I've been, I've been trying. I remember, yeah, like, oh, you know, 2022 Charlie Twitter, you were like, when every single post, you know, I'm running lookalikes, here's the result. And you'd be like, all right, cool.

What about broad? Yeah. Although one of the things I'm going to be doing, you check out that guy, Brett Coleman's YouTube channel.

I'm up to check it out. And he's just a football guy. His intros are fucking gorgeous.

Maybe you can help me out with this. I'm going to show you this guy's video. Help me rip off his intro with B roll from here.

I'll say this and then we can get into more. Actually. Well, yeah, I tweeted this out.

I think us YouTubers in the D to C space, it's a bunch of assholes sitting at a desk, talking at the camera. And I'm like, this shit is fucking boring. We got to do it.

We got to do it. I sent you this guy's thing. His thumbnails are different.

His layout is different. What he does is Brett Coleman as football fucking nothing to do what we're doing. I'm just like, dude, it's so brilliant.

I'm going to like, I'm trying to throw curve balls at shit. So now is he doing like football and talking about marketing or no marketing at all. Football, everything about football.

That's it. Yeah. Nothing to do with marketing at all.

It's just NFL nerd. But his videos are fucking gorgeous. And his intros, like his intro, he was at like some mansion in Arizona or New Mexico or some shit and his video, like he's never a desk.

He's like walking around the fucking desert and shit. It's just, you check it out. You'll be like, okay, I gotcha.

I'm just going to try to have different shit. So like I was filming up coming through the fucking windy roads and bits and shit. Trying to just get all this B roll too, so that my videos, there's going to be as little of me behind the desk actually as part of the camera, a part of the shot.

And I'm going to start like shooting so they can't even go to B roll. Anyway, you were saying the difference. You shifted a little bit of the way you promoted yourself.

Yeah. Also, you know, like, yeah, I know your Twitter, you've been kind of a little bit more cooler on Twitter in terms of like, I'm trying. Like, hey, let me attack everyone that's talking about like look likes and stuff like that.

So more just like, here's the rumble and here's what's working. Yeah. Here's some success stories, my students.

Yeah. You kind of had a shift in your kind of personal branding as well. I will.

I will. I'd like to take as much credit for that as I can, but I legitimately have to point to the folks that have held me accountable and done good things for me in that space and have helped me out a lot directly. One, my assistant Jake, who I gave carte blanche to, he could delete my tweets and he could even comment one o'clock in the morning like, dude, you're an asshole.

You have to apologize to that person. And I'll be like, all right, here's my apology. Like, fuck you.

That's not an apology. That's just you telling somebody, sorry, if like they got upset at you being right and they were wrong. And I was like, okay, fine.

But also Nick Shackleford and Robba Ray Hill helping me out and being a better person with some of that stuff. And full disclosure, like I'm a little spectrum. I'm a little a lot of things.

And I don't see the way that I communicate with others in the way that they see it and Going to more events and being seen by more people and getting that feedback from folks was really helpful And I don't remember if it was Robba or Nick who said this to me and I want to make sure they get they're both in my My DTC dynasty chat, which is DTC dynasty gonna take over the world sooner than later Shout out to the homies one of them said something to me and the what I heard was There are so many people who won't hear your message because the way you communicate and I see that You know, it's this thing. I've been going out with this guy in Nabil about his cost cap stuff And I'm just like well, let's get on camera and Jordan West was like dude. I'll proctor the thing I'm like awesome Jordan.

Let's do it. I'm to be fair. I'm getting on with Taylor We're gonna do something for the first time in forever It'll be great and Jordan's gonna do it and we're gonna have a very clear delineated conversation but the point was that I was alienating people because of my language and because of the way that I was speaking they couldn't hear what I had to say and when that cross paths with my realization of just how Dramatic the impact that folks like us have on others Not trying to prop myself up.

I think people have a good there can be a tollbooth worker That's just super nice and make somebody's day every single day Somebody's gonna just steer left in the traffic doesn't do it because somebody said hello doing a nice way like we Everybody in the world has the opportunity to make the world and the lives of the people that they interact with a little bit better And I do think that that is sort of you know Responsibility of us as humans if we can give a bit more than we take but I realize that Especially in a space where what we do is help people chase their dreams and to accomplish the things that they care about and to provide for their families I I've had to change the way that I approach communication because I think very honestly early on I Didn't think anybody respected what I had to say. I think I was insecure about my communication And I looked at people like I had 2,000 YouTube followers You had like 20 like who the hell is gonna listen to me, right or whatever it is So-and-so's got 50,000 Twitter followers or they've got 2,000 and I have 500 I was comparing my Outsides I was gonna make my inside to the outsides of other people's presentation and I think that and to be fair I got a reputation for it and I was able to back it up in a lot of situations And a lot of people loved what I had to say because I was calling people out directly And also to like in like long story short like it worked for it did and that was that was It did and that was the hard part to let go of just like what do you mean? I have to live but it was like, yeah, I could be a big fish in a small pond But eventually I had to do more than that and just like we're talking about the growth in media buying tactics There's a growth and you know, I'm 40 I turned 40 like two weeks ago and my communication with others and the impact I have on the people that I meet in the world is something that I can make the active choice to improve and as a result, I've tried to Absolutely be more approachable and more enthusiastic and more open to feedback And I appreciate that that you see a less aggressive version of Charlie where 2021 22 it was like guru buster calling people out by name just like this person's a scam artist They don't know what the hell they're talking about.

Here's my work x y and z and I I've caught myself a little bit that with the cost cap rose because they're like I wrote this book in 2018 That was used like with the alpha of cost caps and just like their entire business model is like four pages of this ebook I gave away like five six years ago But out of context and done with low integrity and just like trying to pound it in But anyway, I I I do appreciate that and I want to give credit to where it's due with the positive feedback of folks that I think We're willing to see the little nugget of a nice person inside of all of these barbs of an insecure individual that was Learning that maybe people did respect what I had to say and valued it and that was that was a tough that was a tough space Yeah, I mean it takes a lot to be able to like or hey, you know Yes, this work for a certain point, but now it's like we need to rebuild how we structure You know this a lot of times in your business where like hey, I'm gonna do this thing It's gonna get me to here But if you want to go to here though, who do you have to become and yeah Sometimes it is a way of how you present yourself and push yourself out the market You know, we see a lot of gurus that start off selling courses, you know flex and lambos and all that good stuff Now they do that for a little while. They're like, all right Then it's like how do I go to that next level? It's like they have to completely reinvent themselves Yeah, as a completely different person as you know, people don't respect that type of marketing for a while Yeah, and yeah, no totally they won't and I think it's uncomfortable to change Absolutely, it's not fun.

It's also takes a lot, you know, it's a lot to be that person of like hey, I was wrong Yeah, and maybe not wrong, but like, you know, it's hey something gotta change and some people don't really face that reality They just push it off as oh, that's other people's problems. Yeah, you know Other people just they don't understand, you know, they just won't wake up in that way They're just hating and stuff like yeah, yeah, but if you can see through that That's kind of how I looked at you like I saw through your your marketing everything to where I could actually receive the message Well, I I do appreciate that. Yeah, I was like I will say for what it's worth your endorsement of me went a long way There's a lot of people that were like I heard about Charlie from Nick and like if you and I hadn't had that You know a couple times on camera with this and that like I think I would not be nearly where I'm at today So for that, you know, every little bit of a thank you because my daughter's life is better because of all the little things that happen on YouTube Which is so dumb, but also like a beautiful thing So my family's quality of life is in a better place because of those actions and very directly because of some of the Endorsement from people like you and I and I really do appreciate that.

Yeah For what it's worth I do want to I do want to say that and it's also great to see you grow and I think it's a beautiful thing for all of us to not be stuck Where we were at I think there's a there's a digital version of like and never leaving your hometown And I feel like we're all we've gone off to college. We've gone to the big city We're making our own lives and there's some of the folks that are still Scored four touchdowns in one game and are working at the gas station And it's funny because it's like the growth you see the same growth in everything you do Yeah, YouTube even at accounts and stuff like that. It's like in the beginning.

You're just Replicating everything else everyone's doing. Yeah, that's the only thing you're doing the beginning But as you start to build a habit, I just start to get the ideas to come through of like I'm a film the same video on how to scale Facebook bad, so I add this little twist to it Yeah, then that's like the stage two in a way, you know, yeah, I see it in that accounts all the time I'm just gonna replicate all the big brands Facebook guys That's gonna get me to here and you start introducing your own Ideas and it gets you a little bit more and then that stage three is where you actually develop your own identity And obviously, you know, like you said you leave your college town You move to a new town and you develop your own self with your own like beliefs and everything And don't have other people kind of like reflecting once you're that yeah, you get your own fingerprint on what's going on Yeah, and that goes back to like well, you know You mentioned earlier how like you started saying like broad targeting years ago and everything like that and then like 2023 I think it was a big year of people starting to all get on broad targeting. Oh, yeah And you know, I try not to be known as a media buyer.

Yeah, I try to stay away from that Like I still talk about like, you know broad targeting Here's how we run our creatives and not the testing and all that right now But like I'm trying to shift more into that. How do I become a great market? Yeah, yeah, that's what I can talk about all days like the different types of hooks the different types of markets we can open How can we position ourselves differently in the marketplace?

That's what that's why yeah, and that's unique message Yeah, and that's totally your evolution of somebody that's like this used to be the most challenging thing I've now taken what was challenging or something that was the great barrier and has become Easy and you're going after the next great challenge and the next thing that was unattainable is now just another step away And like that growth is something that we all do, you know, and I think it's interesting I'm also really trying to do that like most of my content like i'm trying to make a point of all my content this year If I can help it, I will not shoot a video of how to run facebook ads this year. That's my focus I don't know if i'm gonna be able to do it But also one of the benefits of my message basically not having really changed is I just replay all the old stuff Like on tuesdays, I drop new videos on Thursdays what I did is I went back and grabbed all my videos from two years ago that are still relevant Where I was just yelling at a camera for 30 minutes and my editor is chopping those up because I had the presence of mind then to do them in three 10-minute segments as just like a radio and dj. I used to use segments as chapters Well, now each one of those chapters is its own video So thursdays videos are all just replays of two years ago stuff That's like been cherry-picked to be the most relevant but completely edited is new and then saturdays I take all my 20 23 bangers and just replay them and now i'm getting three videos a week where I only have to shoot once That's pretty good and and it's working and it's working and then I just take everything I've got with all the interviews and everything else and i'm throwing that into my disruptor school channel, which i'm trying to build up It's now past a thousand subs and it's it's just I think it's it's a very interesting Bit of like the evolution of how we're trying to talk and I think it's one of those uncomfortable things like Two weeks ago, I was like what am I going to talk about if it's not going to be the ad account?

Yeah, and you're also going to appeal to different people Yeah, exactly Like you know like for me, it's like there's certain videos I'll do it get a lot of views, but it doesn't really do anything from like Lendons more clients for more students and select my programs and so yeah, there'll be videos I get like 600 views and i'll close like you know fairly large deals from oh, yeah Because i'm talking to a different type of buyer. Yeah, yeah Like I don't really I think I have like four or five beginner videos my youtube channel sure and they'll get like loads of views Oh, yeah, I see it. Yeah, like a video on like breaking down an ad that spent two hundred thousand dollars I get very little views because one people's beliefs are like what and i'm spending two hundred thousand dollars I can't even comprehend that of course spending millions a year.

They're like, oh, yes, that's exactly what I want exactly And that's a much smaller demographic from there. Yeah, yeah, and it's it's interesting you say that because like i'm actually curious Do you have an idea of like the content you're gonna try to make this year? Like do you have any general direction?

I do i'm focusing more on the marketing direct response marketing. Okay, because that's that's my long-term play, right? That's what I love.

That's what that's like my passion area. Yeah, yeah And it's like I want to go deeper into that this year and that's also where it's like we're looking at the evolution of the community, right? 2023 everyone started shifting to broad targeting and stuff We start to see more people start to talk about creatives But it's like a lot of people are talking about creatives even in 2022, but they weren't talking about the actual nitty-gritty of what goes into a creative sure Yeah, yeah, and now, you know kind of going back to like what you were saying earlier like I spoke about broad targeting years ago I'm starting to see more people now talking up just talking about what I talked about the beginning of 2023 about like looking at eugene swartz with the desire Oh, yeah, this is market sophistication I'm starting to see so many more people now on my twitter going like the same stuff now dude Yeah, what allowed me to kind of grow so now it's like okay So what I'm trying to do is okay, how do we go deeper into that?

And obviously like a big thing is like, you know finding winning ads for accounts and stuff sure It's like okay, so if a lot of people are starting to talk about facebook ad creatives Here's how to create creative grads creatives that convert and all of the brands know that we have to test a certain number to find a winner The person who can have the highest hit rate at scale is gonna get paid the most sure So, you know, I look at like a Super Bowl ad for example, love it one shot one shot rate that ad Yeah, so why are you testing 50 ads a week? Yeah, you heard your the quality so low on them because you don't you know, you don't really put much effort into any one of of course And your feedback on it is so long because you're splitting it 50 ways. There you go Yeah, which I mean, I won't rob your soapbox here, but yeah, I totally agree So it's it's it's more of like okay Everyone knows about Facebook ad creates to convert now and that's like how can we do that better?

And what are the specific types of messaging and stuff that we need to talk about this year? And it's more so just it's taking it to that next level as the market evolves No, I love that man for this year. I love that and it's interesting like you're talking about seeing so many I find that like the generations of media buyers I feel like we're in like maybe the third generation of media buyers since covid hit Yeah, you know, like it's so weird like just seeing I feel I don't know It's just there's there's something to the internet.

There's something to the access There's something to it where like you like you're saying what you were talking about in the beginning of 2023 just a year ago There's now multiple groups of individuals who have matured to the point where they are now at where you were And you've got the roadmap for them and you can kind of be two steps ahead of them Even though that was 12 months ago and having that like and that's one thing I love about the what you've talked about And what your content and how you're telling this is your documentation of the process and I It is one of my regrets is that I never got into the content creation side to do that documentation When I was going through all of the things because I didn't get to starting a YouTube channel till I was almost 10 years into the business I was I mean, I lost count in 2018 and I was like over 500 million and spent like I have no idea What it is it these days? But like some of those things there's so many nuggets and value points that are lost and I regret not being able to To capture that but now as I feel like the journey for my hope is for folks that I really found what I passionate about Is that brand growth is that independence and that developing a value and so like that's where I'm trying to oddly enough Make this year so much more of that autobiographical thing I think my first video this year was like this is my personal PML. This is my tax paperwork from this year Here's like quarter to quarter.

Here's how much money I made and how I did it and then like pictures and contact information for every person on my team That video I think got 800 views and then I did another video on like my cost cap best practices for beginners and it got like Thousands on day one so of course to your point like the market the size and everything Those 800 people like I always like to look at it from this perspective, right? It's like I made this video that's only going to appeal to a certain group of people and you can go on websites that have like audience size Simulators like I'll show you like like here's what one person looks like But here's what 200 people look like in a stadium a football stadium. Here's what 10,000 people look like in a football stadium Like holy shit, so it's like 800 people like we you actually visualize oh, yeah That looks like and then you think about it Hey, I created a piece of content only appeals to that specific type of audience I like that hundred people that just saw basically a sales pitch in a way Yeah, you know like we still provided a lot of valuable content Also to at the end of the day we still have some objectives of converting people I still want my numbers to look better.

I get hurt when it's a seven out of ten and I'm like Weak on that those seven out of 10 is the worst It's always the content like I planned really well like I know I'm like the random video I shot up just like quick just like I'll toss that up It's like always a bang one out of ten Always really? Oh, man. Yeah, it's funny I shot a video today and it is on gift cards versus discounts and bundles and like I got tripped up and I literally had to just walk away And like I made dinner played a little grand theft auto came back Saw that justin fields into the stealers totally different mindset sat down knocked out the script and came over here And like i'll bet you that video because I thought about it for a week and put in so much effort It's gonna get like 300 views and then like another video where I was like here are the four books that like I read I think everybody talks about reading like a thousand books and like a new book a week all this stuff Like I can't comprehend books.

I need to read this book like four if you give me four books I'll read each of them 13 times in a year and i'll remember most of it Here are the four books that helped me be a millionaire like that's things gonna probably get thousands and thousands and it was just like off the cuff sat down turned your camera on and we just went zero planning went into that one Yeah, that's funny how those are you but like yeah for me there's times where like no planning at all I just sit down record boom. Yeah, and then like like I know over like the next week and a half of four part series coming up that I guess you could say some planning I pulled up pulled a couple of my SOPs and stuff like that and launched them So, you know, there was a lot more planning into that and I'm like, all right I don't really expect this series to blow up because it's talking to that very sophisticated buyer sure Which is not gonna be how to run Facebook ads in 2024, you know, it's gonna be like here's some advanced marketing principles You can apply to improve your Facebook ads. Sure.

We're gonna reach like a smaller segment So I have to mentally frame myself ready for that series. Yeah, just just these are gonna be six out of ten. Yeah I I have one other question for you just on a YouTube side of things and we're talking about this stuff Like I'll preface this by giving away my answer in scripting and this is just purely like youtuber stuff Yeah, I used to sit down with an idea and then ramble incoherently for 30 minutes and apparently like this one guy quit being a taxi driver Because this agency got seven figures on it was off to him I was just going off it like I can do it So now what I'm doing is I'm opening up chat key on my phone and rambling incoherently for like 20 30 minutes And then I tell it to put it into like a three-act play or whatever into like this structure Nice and that's how i'm trying to do scripting right now.

I'm curious Do you put any thought into it at all or are you just more off the cuff like more off the cuff? And it's I have like a normal structure. I follow it's just here's the result.

We achieved here's the process We followed like and subscribe love it And I just keep it straight to simple as that and my objective is okay It's something that's very complex and hard to understand my skill where like my unique like skill is to take that How can I make it so simple anyone can understand? I love that so like you know for me like when I broke down broad target I had my own unique kind of interrupt in interpretation of like how it works and like I was like okay How can I make this easy for people understand so I have to create a couple different visuals Doing a slideshow I use google slides probably for almost every video now And it allows me to sometimes to create a few key text points right there or like a few different visuals and stuff like that But other than that, yeah I've never really had like a script and I mean that's just how my process I've been following for the last couple years Yeah, I'm always curious because I know some folks like write out each word and then I know that The videos that my channel got discovered and where people I think found me I quite literally would like write three bullet points on a sticky note tap it to my screen Hit record and then yell at the camera for 30 minutes and every like two minute intro and then 10 minute 10 minute 10 minute Talk up to the break like and subscribe every 10 minutes and then outro and that was it And uh, I've been trying to find this delicate balance between and I think it's uh This is my first channel that's ever blown up That's ever seen any impact and so for folks like you where this is the fifth channel, right? I didn't have a gaming channel that by hand I think it's always fun to see sort of the the arts and the crafts of it all because your thumbnails are well thought out and your process is there And there's a storytelling structure that I feel like is when i'm watching your video I can expect the story to go in the same way and I don't know if it's a benefit or a liability that mine are completely scattered I don't know if it makes it more interesting or Yeah, it's more so it's like for me It's like I understand like when you're like in a position of all right Like i'm confused of how to run this particular thing It's like I don't want to sit here and hear about other stuff I just want an actionable thing that can employ as fast as possible Yeah, you know, it's like if I can't figure out something like I don't know like a playing grand theft auto for example And I can't beat a certain level like I don't want to like sit down and listen to a full backstory And like how the game was created before they go into like how to do the cheat code It's like show me the cheat code and boom.

Yeah, yeah, you know, yeah, show me how the cheat code works And then boom that way it's just as quickly as possible And then it's like if you want more information boom and like another thing that I recently did over 2023 Was that if I keep getting a common comment, then i'll start making videos around that So that way it's like all right today We're gonna run this particular new facebook ad creative and stuff like that If you're curious of how we test our creatives watch this video, so i'll just link them to different videos So we don't have to dive into that so I can still keep it to that one straightforward topic. I like that. I like that Yeah, for me in 2023 It was I would wake up with no real plan and whatever argument I got in on twitter on the day that I was filming was the video that I made I've done that a lot Not necessarily an argument on twitter.

Yeah, that's my brand. Yeah. Yeah I know I had a client message me like 50 times while we're not running retargeting So I was like, you know what?

I'm gonna create the most badass video on why we're not running retargeting And i'm gonna make it full of like facts and like as much data sources I can so wait Anytime he messages me again, I'm just gonna drop on that video right there. Love it. Never got the comment again.

I love that That's that's fun. I like I like that as a response man. That's I like the idea of Pre-recording your answers to the most commonly asked questions.

So when you get asking me like here's the video. Are you good? I like that I like that saves me a lot of yeah I can answer the question for you right now, but I have a much more thought well put together Yeah for you and you can watch right now That's always I like it.

I like it. That's that seems well thought out. I appreciate it Well, dude, I gotta go pick up my wife I think here in a second and I just want to say thank you for inviting me to this lovely spot You've got out here and oh look the lights came on in the pool out there.

Oh, dude, it looks so good out there This is bougie and I dig it you look great. I feel like you've been at the gym too Your shoulders are popping in this shirt. Thank you.

You're looking good, man You're looking good and and I appreciate getting to meet you in the real world and getting to shoot some shit with you, buddy I Thank you for your endorsement and your time and yeah, man. I really appreciate it Appreciate it. Yeah, same to you.

I really like being able to actually meet you in a setting like this Versus like I don't know if we're at some conference. It's like oh here. I got like a five minute real quick chat Oh, yeah, and then you know, maybe either one of us that like didn't have enough sleep the night before so it's like oh I got the wrong impression.

Oh, it's like a perfect just sit down chill Yeah, I thought of a better way like for us to finally be able to meet and I know like the viewers are gonna love it I hope so much everyone that watches my channel they also watch your stuff. I think so yeah Putting to mine you're the most commonly watched channel of viewers of my channel. You're always like number one or number two on there Yeah, yeah, you Ben and chase and they're like those are yeah, that's my that's my list Yeah, chase is at the end of my list and then it's Ben and then you and Dara are back and forth and I think it's yeah That's funny.

That is the exact analytics that I have whatever it's worth. There's an audience. That's a good panel.

That's a good panel Anybody running a conference, please come to LA so my wife will let me leave the house long enough with the baby to sit on a panel and just ask questions Yeah I'm cool man. Thank you so much As y'all know, I mean y'all already know Charlie from most of y'all but definitely check out his channel You want to plug into your socials real quick? I just CT the disruptor check it out.

Check out disruptor school if you can't find it That means you shouldn't trust me as a marketer