My five favorite Black Friday creatives with examples. What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel.

My name is Nick Terrio. In today's video, I'm going to be revealing five Black Friday creatives for you to basically go ahead and model and replicate in your business. We'll go over also some bad looking creatives, some good looking creatives.

I'm going to show you guys some examples, how we prepare kind of like a little bit of like some key points to look at before you make the creative. So we're going to do a little Black Friday deep dive on creative today because by the time you're seeing this video, you realistically need to be having your creatives ready for Black Friday. And hopefully this adds any little bit more tidbits to your strategy.

And if you're wondering why am I credible to be teaching this type of stuff, because I have a e-com growth agency. We grow brands. We help brands to win 50 to 100k a month and we help them scale to seven figures a month.

So if you're interested in my services, click the link below to book call with me and my team. We'll do a strategy call together and you can take that information and run with it or you have the opportunity to work with us if we think you're a good fit. Other than that, I have nothing else to sell you.

And basically all this content on YouTube is fully 100% transparent if you guys help you grow and scale with your business. So with that being said, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into the video.

So my five favorite Black Friday creatives with examples. So first off, before I actually show you these examples, I want to look at a few concepts here. The first concept is literally just best performing ads.

Okay. With borders. All right.

This is probably easily one of the easiest creative types to leverage inside of the account. And it's basically just taking a best performing ad you already have now and adding a border with it that literally just says Black Friday sale, 30% off, 20% off site wide, whatever your offer is that you're running for Black Friday, Saturday, Monday, super easy. You could do sort of video, or you could do a sort of photo.

Now the next one is a BFCM graphic with offer. Okay. So this is very, very simple.

This is just taking your offer. So let's say if it's 30% off site wide, you're literally just having like a black background and big bold text. BFCM, 30% off site wide, sales live, start now.

That's it. You're not showing any products or anything like that. Just very straight forward.

Okay. You could also do this with a video as well and make it just like a quick little like animation as well. So I can have a text kind of like maybe ripple or, you know, pop up on the screen, a few different ways you can do that, but it's just very simple and straight forward.

Now the next one is just UGC contents. And all you're doing is just having creators talk about the sale. So, Hey, I just purchased from, you know, Apple, their amazing Black Friday, Cyber Monday sale.

I got this phone for 30% off. I highly recommend you check their website and get one of these today. Best time to do it.

So very simple and straightforward. Now the next one, obviously it's a video slash photo shoot dedicated to BFCM. Okay.

Now, and this one, this one, all you're doing is basically you have a photo shoot slash video shoot specifically for Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and you just create some new content, content that's specific for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Maybe you theme it, this really cool party and, you know, showcase a bunch of cool stuff just to illustrate this big party that you're having on Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And you articulate that in your video slash photo shoots.

And again, you're dedicated specifically to a Black Friday, Cyber Monday theme. And then the last one is a split screen, split screen, BFCM. And basically all it is, is one side BFCM.

So one side of the screen is, you know, a solid photo and it just shows Black Friday, Cyber Monday sale 30% off, just like our graphic style. And then one side is, you know, showing off products or products that are on sale. These are the five different types of creatives that we leverage year over year and have seen amazing performance with it.

Now, I actually want to go and look at a few Black Friday, Cyber Monday sales ads that are currently live right now for some brands that started early. And I really want to articulate and show off some of these concepts actively being ran. So you know how to actually leverage these and use these inside of your account.

And before we actually jump into that, there's one more key thing that we need to remember because I see so many brands make this mistake. Okay. So for BFCM, you're primarily pushing a aware audience.

Okay. An aware audience has gone through all five, all four, basically stages of market awareness. And they're currently on their fifth stage of market awareness.

The fifth stage is where you literally just have to put an offer in front of them. They're already know what you sell. They're already aware of your brand.

They already know that they're going to buy from you. There's waiting for a good price point. And when you're writing copy for an aware, you know, market awareness, you want to be direct and straightforward.

Hey, Apple, Apple iPhone now on sale 30% off. You don't need to say much more. I see some people, Hey, we've been having a long holiday season.

And because of this, we think we should start our black fries sell early. So now it went live and it's 30% off site. Why don't give us a fuck about everything you said before you said, Hey, now 30% off site.

Why you literally could just use that one piece of copyright there and it would perform 10 times better because no one practically cares. And out of time where attention span is so long, so short, they're not going to read the other stuff and they want to see that now 30% off site. Why to take action.

So I'm going to show you that what that looks like in a few of our creative examples. So let's dive into it. So here is the first example where it looks like, and I've been, these are all brands we don't work with or anything like that.

So literally just me coming into the Facebook ads manager, searching a black Friday BFC and stuff like that. And this is literally me having zero context on the brand and just reviewing some of their ads. So when I'm going through some of these, this clearly looks like, Hey, it was a best performing ad.

And in that best performing ad, they just added a banner. And this is very easy to do. Okay.

Again, just taking your best performing ad. And the reason why I think it's the best performing ad is because one, they have a lot of different examples like this. And two, they, in this like UGC right here, it talks nothing about black Friday, cyber Monday at all.

Okay. We're going to get off that because that might be potentially violations of YouTube's policy right there due to that level of advertising. And here's another one again, just because it's kind of like a before and after style.

Um, but again, just black Friday sale starts early or for you, honestly, I would just do black Friday sale now live up to 55% off, but a great example of just taking a best performing ad and putting a banner on it. So really good from here. Now, here's a good thing here too, is that this ad right here, marketing to an aware market.

It's just all of this. No one cares about. Okay.

And honestly, they looks like they're not testing it at all, but I would literally be testing going all the way up for here. Only for today, we offer you up to 55% off plus not a fit guarantee straight forward because people already have seen all of these types of things right here. And quite frankly, they're an aware audience.

All they care about is this and this right here. We want to make it as easy as possible for their consumer information and go to your website and take actions. Okay.

So again, that's an example right there of market awareness and also an example of what taking a best performing ad and just adding a border looks like to it. Now we're going to go to the OG dogs over there at Avi. Um, they have some really good content I was watching earlier, which this right here, where it talks literally about their black Friday sale, where it basically goes specifically about UGC content, talking and promoting the sale.

Here's a few key things here. One, they're using a girl that fits the potential, the, you know, the ideal buyer demographic as well. It's one key thing right there.

Second thing is look at that. They're showcasing a lot of products here. Okay.

This is a great way to not just showcase one product, but showcase a variety of products because of them showing a variety of products. One, it looks like there's a lot more stuff going on. And also they have different consumers that buy for different reasons and showcasing multiple products helps hit people on that and gives one piece of UGC a longer shelf life.

Okay. Second thing here is look at the text. Okay.

And you know, earn more than ever while saving more than ever. I'm not really sure about the earn more than ever. That really doesn't resonate with me, but it's going straight into this.

Okay. They went straight into the offer. That's right.

Obvious annual black Friday sales back. Now we're offering 30% off site wide for the whole entire month. They're not going, are you tired?

Yada, yada, yada. They know who their audience is. They're not starting off a problem aware that sort of a solution aware or unaware.

They're going straight to aware. These are people that have already seen the product and everything like that. And also too, I would still be targeting broad for this because Facebook knows exactly who to go after.

And with that type of messaging, it's going to resonate with aware people. And Facebook would automatically be able to detect that and would go after more people that resonate with that messaging as well. Cause I already know a lot of you guys be like, Oh, Nick, would you do broad targeting or be targeting for that?

I would do broad targeting. So to answer that questions. So yeah, so really good piece of UGC.

So that's one of them right there. UGC content right there. Next thing is looking further into this.

So this is more of just an image graphic right here. So again, showing the product black Friday sale, um, and also to showing off the four gifts. So it looks like, okay, 30% off site wide and up to four free gifts.

Um, that's cool. I like that. I really would love to see the test between just doing 30% off and the four free gifts, because, um, I, I do, I do like it, but I also think that's, um, you know, it does make the offer a little, you know, a lot more going on in that perspective right there.

So that is just a graphic with black Friday sale and product. And you can also do have a video and stuff like that. And let's look at this.

Oh, this one looks really good right here. That's their burn right there. Again, just straight off black Friday sale 30% off.

They're not talking about because their burns are fat burners. So it's not saying, are you ready to burn fat? Those ready this black Friday?

No, they're going straight after what they're, what they know their audience needs to know black for itself 30% off very straightforward. It's marketing to a aware market awareness. Okay.

That's very key to understand. All right. And then let's look at the next thing.

Obvious black fries sales officially started really quick, really easy to read, get 30% off site wide. Okay. So it's a very easy ad to consume.

That's also another thing from the ad copy perspective. Okay. Very easy to consume.

You have to think that there's hundreds of other ads on a day-to-day basis. That's pushing these types of sales and offense due to that. You have to make sure that your content is very easy and straightforward to read because if people have to spend longer than others, likelihood is your ad creatives and you're hurting the performance, not the product or offer itself.

Okay. Now next one is built. I've also seen built has launched their ads as well.

They also have a lot of cool, unique ones as well too in here. So first things first, look at this 30% off everything, 30% off everything, 30% off everything go further down. It's very quick and very straightforward about what the offer is.

Again, marketing to a market aware audience. Okay. Yes.

They do have a little bit longer of copy right here, but at least the 30% off everything is very clean and easy to understand. If y'all put this copy right here first, and then this, the bottom, it would hurt the performance a lot. Okay.

So let's look at a few things right here. Um, again, just, you know, black Friday sell 30% off site wide, plus the, um, the products that's on, you know, just showing off some of our top performing products. And let's see, this looks like it might be a little bit of a UGC right here.

Yep. So just straightforward founder UGC content specifically. Uh, you could also say that's, that's might be more of like a, um, you know, professional shoot done specifically for that, uh, the professional video photo shoot dedicated for black rice every Monday, um, slash UGC can be very gray between the lines of which ones are each.

So, but yeah, these are some really good creatives as well. You can also see just from a visual perspective, this is definitely, I would say more of just a black Friday dedicated video. Cause it's just, you know, music playing and showing off different fits and stuff like that.

Also again, black Friday sell it's not sitting there and highlighting all the key benefits of the product or anything like that. Obviously you can see the key benefits with them using the product and everything, but it's not sitting there and just being like, you know, showing off all the features it's hammering in on the offer. It's hammering on black Friday sell it's hammering on what you're going to get for it.

And it's really hammering on these key points right there because again, short intention span. So another really good one. So there's your product plus offer your dedicated black Friday, cyber Monday video.

You can, again, you can say borderline UGC slash dedicated, uh, video for, you know, black Friday, cyber Monday. Um, Ooh, also another good thing right here is that they're, they're showcasing a few different personas here. I want to say I've seen this ad from them multiple times already.

So I do believe this is a video just with a, instead of a border, they just added new texts to it. So yeah, so built has some really good ideas, um, or some really good ideas I would replicate inside of here as well. Really good.

A lot of different variety as well. Um, that's also the biggest thing too, is they're pushing out a lot of variety. So that way, you know, more than ever right now, you want to triple down amount of creatives you pump out for black Friday, because you want to max you like, you only have a sharp period of time to maximize performance.

So you need to quickly find winning ads during this period of time and quickly find them, test more, spin more. Cause if you test a lot more, you also have to spin a lot more to test all that within a short period of time. And that's how you're going to be able to elevate performance in your account.

Okay. So really hope these have helped you and help push you in the right direction. If you're still struggling with black Friday creatives for 2022 black Friday, it's literally right around the corner.

So I really help hope this helps you out and improve everything. Again, we are a growth agency. We help brands go from 50 K to a hundred K a month or we help brands and doing roughly 50 K to a hundred K a month.

And we help them scale to seven figures. We manage roughly around a million dollars a month. Facebook ad spend click link below to book call off me, my team will put strategy together for you.

And then you can take that strategy and run with it. Or if we think you're a good fit, you can work with us as our agency. So if you're not doing that and you do want to work with me, keep watching the content on the channel, help you scale up.

And also have our inner circle below, which is kind of a new thing we're offering now where it helps you basically get one-on-one mentoring from me. But just from a mentor perspective, you're doing all the work in that aspect right there. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Therrio. Thank you for watching. Have a great day.

Peace.