Could this actually be the winning Facebook ad strategy of 2023? Well, you'll find out in today's video. If you have no clue who I am, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency and also coaching mentor students. And if you're wondering why you should be listening to me or whatever, I've done over $70 million in online revenue from Facebook ads for my clients. I make these videos completely free for you guys, fully transparent of exactly what we're doing behind the scenes, because obviously, I'll level you up as a marketer.

You'll start to get results. And one day, you want to work with my agency, or you'll want to join my coaching program. So that's simply why I give all this value.

But yeah, before we get started, hit the like button, hit a subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Let's dive into the video. So show you guys this little tweet real quick.

Basically, we kind of went into an ad account, or we've been in an ad account. And we did so good in this ad account that a client wanted to prove they had the best. So they hired another well known guru on the internet on the YouTube space.

And I can call them out because I respect them a lot still. But they did hire another YouTuber in the Facebook ad space that yes, you guys do watch because I know that we have the common interest and stuff like that, in terms of like viewers and stuff like that. So anyway, so me and this particular guru, we went head to head in a particular ad account.

And I just want to show you guys literally the results. This is from January 1st through, you know, June, or like June, essentially like that. So yeah, so just to show you this really quick, my team, we spent $1.3 million over about six, seven months $33 CPL.

We did the broad targeting times one time CBL. Like I preach in literally every one of my videos. That's literally right here, broad targeting dynamic creatives.

And I literally show you step by step in this video, how you can set it up yourself. So I give this to you guys for free. And the other guys, well, the other guru, they spent about $186,000 for a $32 CPL.

Now keep in mind, I just want to be very clear on this, the client limited them to only about 10% of our budget because we already did a significant amount of money in this account prior to these guys coming on board. The client limited them and was only going to give them more budget if they showed drastically better results, which they didn't. So that's why they stayed limited.

Now they did the tofu campaign, the middle of funnel campaign, the bottom of funnel campaign. They're running like, you know, retargeting audiences, you know, three-day view engagement, 30-day website visitors. They're running lookalikes and the top of funnel campaign, interests, all that fun stuff.

And they were running a creative testing campaign, all that good stuff. So they're doing all of this. And like, I literally have videos on my channel preaching all of this back in 2021.

But now since January of 2022, we've been fully broad targeting one-time CBO campaign or one-time CBO campaign per business objective. And be clear on that because some accounts we have one, like 90% of our accounts, we have like one broad targeting campaign, but the other accounts will have like maybe like two or three because different, like one CBO per country or one CBO per business objective. So it kind of changes a little bit.

But for the most part for this account, it was one-time CBO, broad targeting. So yeah, so like if you divide that, that's like an eight or $9,000 a day budget that we had for this particular account right here. So yeah, so they had a $32 CPL, we had a 33.

Again, if they wanted to spend more, they could, but they had to show drastically better performance than us. And they were like literally a dollar away from us. So I just want to show you to switch guys because look, I used to do the tofu, the model funnel, bottom funnel.

Like I used to do all of that, but now I don't do retargeting campaigns anymore. I still do retargeting. I just don't have a campaign for it.

I don't even have an ad set for it. I just let Facebook retarget for me. So that's a big key thing.

This is also in the lead generation niche. If you're an e-com, I also run this in e-com. I run this in app installs.

I run this in every vertical we work with. I run this in every type of product we work with because I'm that confident in the results that it can achieve because I've ran it. I run it across what 10 different accounts, client accounts right now.

I have 30 something students right now that also run this. I have plenty of videos teaching it and people are literally in the comments saying, Oh my God, Nick performance is amazing. Now, now let's be clear here.

I just want to quickly realize something before you start thinking, Oh my God, I just found my secrets of Facebook ad success. While this will drastically help you, there's one key part here and my strategy and the other guy's strategy here is that you have to be able to create good ads. You have to be very fucking skilled in direct response copywriting.

Um, you know, you need to really understand market desires, market awareness, market sophistication. Uh, you really need to have a superior product. You, you really need to be able to create really good ads that people want to see, because if not, this won't work for you because this is the tool and we take, we approach every account with this exact tool and we use the tool exactly the same, but our inputs in terms of how we like, like this, this particular product, while this desire and this product, while this desire, this product, while this stage of market awareness, this product will need to appeal to this type of identity.

So those key things change with each product. So you, you have to understand the marketing fundamental side. I mean, that's what I do.

You know, that's why I strive to share with you guys in every YouTube video I do. And that's why I talk about these types of things. I really push hard at that.

So just want me fully transparent on that. So yeah. Um, and then also too, this is CPL.

So key thing with CPL is that CPL does not matter. CPA matters because we could be giving dog shit leads for $33 and they could be generating significantly better leads. So we will cover the CPA in a second here.

Uh, so let's go through a few accounts. Um, Tyler Garner, OG in the space, shout out, uh, my guy, Tyler. Uh, he was asking just how we were tracking things just to make sure that this was like a legitimate test.

So just give you guys transparency on that. Um, we were walled off. So what I mean by walled off is that, uh, we each had our own campaigns and we each had our own landing page.

So at the end of the day, we weren't going off Facebook attribution. Uh, the client would literally look at all the leads that came on that were, you know, on this particular landing page and all the leads on this landing page in the back end using their click funnels accounts that a funnel for each of us. So there's no like sharing a landing page and trying to figure out who got what.

So just being fully transparent on that. So that way we were walled off. We weren't using Facebook metrics at all besides literally the spin metric and that's it.

So this was, uh, Steph right here, Stefan, he asked about, uh, who had the better CPA again, which is significantly important in Legion right here. So the elder agency actually had a slightly better CPA than us. Their CPA came in at $520.

Keep in mind, it's a $2,500 product. So their CPA is $520. We had a $562 CPA.

So ours was $42 more expensive than theirs. Now keep that in mind though. We spent seven times more than them.

So would you rather, uh, you know, $500 CPA at this, or would you rather $542 CPA at this significant difference here? And you know, he also agreed right there. Easier to have a lower CPA at smaller spin.

I'm guessing they exceed your CPA at the same spin level. Um, just again, calling out the fact that they would have a much higher CPA, um, if they spent more and, uh, Raphael, are you working with the new tailored leads campaign? No, we, I don't, I don't know what that is.

I haven't tried it yet. So no maximum has also, has also dealt with this in terms of crushing it for a client. And then they get like, uh, you know, the kind of grass is greener over their side and go try to hire another agency to see if they get better results and ultimately loses.

William shows again, simplicity wins. Look, I love the fact that we're simple with everything. One campaign, one strategy, stuff like that.

And just focusing on the marketing fundamentals at scale, simple scales at the end of the day. Alex also agrees with that. Couldn't agree more simplicity, complexity across all levels.

Noah sounds like your strategies to embrace Facebook, you know, their, their products, for example, the other strategy is trying to out Facebook, Facebook. Look, I used to be the same way. I used to like back in 2000 from like 2019 to 2021, like Facebook was the enemy.

I looked at Facebook. I was just like, you don't want me to succeed. I got to control everything.

I don't trust you guys. I literally did one campaign per ad. I had like 60 campaigns active.

Each one was a CBO campaign and each one was one ad in it. So it was impossible for Facebook have opportunity to control what ad got the spin. It was literally just me manually doing it every day.

And cause I used to not believe in Facebook. I used to not trust Facebook. And then I learned how to do Facebook correctly.

And actually, work with Facebook, not against it. Um, so yeah, so Noah hits that right on the head, but yeah, guys. So look, just want to share this with you guys.

And again, just check out this video, broad targeting and dynamic Facebook ads. I'll have a few other videos on it. Like why broad targeting works so well, how to transition to Facebook ads accounts, a single campaign broad, also my God's going broad.

So like there are all things right here. That's going to help you out with that journey of broad targeting. And I really hope you guys enjoyed this video and stuff like that.

So, um, yeah, hit the like button, drop a comment below and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Talk to you guys later. Peace.