How to create a winning Facebook ad. I'm actually going to be going through and taking a winning Facebook ad that's worked really well for us. And I want to actually show you guys the ad.

I'm going to show you the creative, show you everything that we put together. And then I'm actually going to show you the process of which we did to actually create that Facebook ad. And what we repeatedly do every single day for our clients.

And I have my students do. So that way, guys, you guys understand the exact process we do to continuously make winning Facebook ads for our ad accounts. So first off, here is the ad that we will be reviewing today.

You can see right here from January 1st to September 30th, we spent $280,000 for this particular account. I'm not going to tell you guys how much it made, but let's just say you don't spend $280,000 on a particular ad without it making money. Next thing I want to talk to you guys about is that it's Legion.

This exact method works for local businesses, e-commerce, personal brands, app installs. It works for everything. I get so many comments.

Nick, does this work for e-commerce? Does this work for Legion? Does this work for service-based businesses?

It's exactly the same thing. The method of how we use the tool does not change. So let's look at this.

This ad we'll be actually reviewing today itself. And you can see, well, actually, I'm going to play the video in a second here, but let's just look at it from an outside perspective real quick. So first things first is that we can see the ad copy really quick.

Denied, this little known change in Medicare has put thousands of Americans at risk of financial hardship. Next thing we can see is little known secret about Medicare. And then seniors are surprised they never knew this.

So just from an anatomy of a Facebook ad, let's take a look at a couple of things. This is the main headline that grabs people's attention is what you put right here is what a lot of people like to call the hook. The hook is what grabs people's attention.

There's this hook and then there's the visual hook, which is just this white background. These are two things that grabs people's attention. In this particular case, we tested other visual hooks and the white background always did better.

So the text hooks really did well in this particular one right here. Now, the next part we have is the body copy. This is right here.

Now, what I like to do for the body copy and the headline is I like to write things that incentivize people to watch the video. You want to leverage curiosity. That's part of what copywriting is, not leveraging curiosity, but getting people to watch the video or to click on the ad.

That's what we want. In this particular case, it's a video ad. So we want and it has a lot of educational stuff in it.

So we want to entice people to watch this video. Because if they watch this video, they'll understand the product, the problem, and all that good stuff. So that was our objective here.

Now, next thing, we're actually going to watch the ad itself. Let's pull this up. Little known secret about Medicare.

Basically, we're trying to target seniors on Medicare specifically. Look at how I said it. Little known secret about Medicare.

Our goal was to target seniors on Medicare. And we're getting them to watch this video because they're on Medicare. And two, look at the headline or the hook.

Little known secret about Medicare. It entices you to want to watch more. Now, this is an unaware market.

So we're starting to introduce the problem. That could cost you thousands. So we're kind of like foreshadowing of what this problem is going to be.

Now, we're introducing the problem. When you call an ambulance, your emergency ambulance bill could be deemed not medically necessary. We're introducing the problem.

And then we're really iterating on the fact of why this is a problem specifically. Now, this is something that's a little bit more advanced. But it's saying, are you sure your insurance will cover it?

There's a lot of objections to this particular service saying, hey, my insurance will cover it, blah, blah, blah, blah. So we're calling out that objection before we introduce what we're selling here. Handling the objection.

And then we go into introducing the product right here. Basically, just trying to introduce the product. This is an interesting way I like to do it.

Don't do it the same way as all products, but just one way I do it. Now I'm showing how the product works specifically. So the unique mechanism of this product itself.

And then, yeah. And then pretty much the rest of the ad is just this. And then it's two or three testimonials and a call to action.

I'm not going to finish the rest of the ad just because it's, quite frankly, there's no other value there for you guys. So that's the main thing I wanted to show you guys. Now, how do we actually create this ad?

And that's the big thing. So step number one is market research. This is extremely important.

And it's where we're going to get all of our ideas for our ads is market research. Places I like to look is just the comments on your own ads, social media posts, whether it's your post or others. YouTube, Reddit, Google, Quora, all really good places as well.

Instagram. Instagram, I love to go to your own page, but also to your competitors' pages. Look at the posts.

Look at the comments. Also look at the tags and look at the comments on the tags as well. Facebook, TikTok.

TikTok's a really phenomenal tool. Just search up whatever, you know, you're technically like researching. Competitors, I like looking at their websites, their reviews, their ads.

What are key things they're talking about? And don't just focus on the product. Also focus on the market.

Ask yourself, if I was struggling with these problems, what would I search? So for example, don't focus too much on like product review of competitor. Start focusing on, hey, like if I'm struggling with a problem, maybe you're struggling with Facebook ads, for example.

You're going to search up how to better improve Facebook ad performance. My Facebook ad performance is bad. What can I do to improve Facebook ad performance?

Blah, blah, blah. Like things like that. That's the type of things you're going to search.

Go pretend you're in that situation. Go search that to see how other people are marketing towards those types of people. And again, do it on all of these social media sites.

Also to identify people, identify how people talk about the problem or solutions. What words do they use? What do they look like?

What emotions do they have specifically? Identify other solutions they've tried and felt that and why they felt that as well. I'm dealing with a menopause product right now.

And one of the common ways to essentially, you know, help out with what's called a menopause, menopause, like menopausal weight gain, essentially, is by going ahead and exercising. But exercising doesn't always work because it doesn't, you know, exercising, like when you go through menopause, it affects the hormones and like all of these things. So exercising doesn't correctly solve that.

So like that's why they fell at it. So understand what solutions they've tried and what solutions they fell at and why they fell at it specifically so you can better power yourself. Now, the next thing is you want to plan out the ad concept.

An ad concept is simply just an ad idea. Like I had the idea to show you guys this particular like title today, like this topic today. And I created this whole ad concept, which is this video you guys are seeing.

That's all an ad concept is. There's no specific ad concept. You know, it's just whatever idea you have.

Then we want to look at the desire of your marketplace, your market awareness, your market sophistication. I have videos on all of these on my channel. If you don't know what these is.

Persona. And then really digging into what is our idea? What do we want to test?

Why are we creating this? And what do we have? Like what's the reason we are creating this that's going to improve overall performance?

What's our hypothesis here? What confidence do we have to improve overall performance? And then we go into our ad accelerator and we plan all of this out right here.

This is exclusive just for my inner circle students right now for you guys, but you can kind of take a look at the Google sheet and see what all that looks like from there. Now, step number two, just again, planning out the concept as showing you what I did for this particular concept. So for our desire was financial protection from ambulance bills.

Our market awareness was unaware. People don't just sit down at home and like, oh my God, they fear and trying to have this urgency to solve this problem. So we have to go to an unaware market, which means we have to essentially grab their attention and then educate them on a problem, then introduce that solution.

Our market sophistication was a stage one, as in we didn't have any other competitors that we had to really worry about. So we're able to just simply state the claim. Then persona.

These are seniors on Medicare living in the rural parts of the USA specifically. And then what is our idea? We've been at a problem aware market for a while now, and we need to increase spend.

We want to open up an unaware market to expand our audience size and educate them on this problem, then sell them the solution. This will give us more reach to new eyeballs and allow us to increase performance specifically. Now, step number three, once we have our concept down, is actually do more research.

Again, we want to research further on info needed to create that ad concept. This is a case-by-case scenario. So, you know, sometimes you already have everything you need to create that concept, but sometimes you need to do a little bit more research around specific research questions around that concept to create it.

Now, step number four, we actually use Google Docs plus ChatGPT. We'll tell ChatGPT the concept we want. So like, here's my idea, here's the concept I want, and here's all my research, blah, blah, blah.

And then that's just to get the idea on the paper. Get the idea in the paper, get a rough draft of what that concept will look like. Then we'll spend the next one to five hours manually refining it.

We'll use ChatGPT, yes, but we do not, we never take what ChatGPT gives us and just upload it to AdSmanager. We never do that. We use ChatGPT.

Here's all my ideas, ChatGPT. Here's like all my ideas around this particular concept. Organize it all for me, create the concept for me.

Now I go spend the next couple hours refining it specifically. And we want to get the ad copy plus video or photo script done. And here's just an example really quick of a particular concept we did.

So we have our ad copy in the Google Doc that we're actually going to upload. And then we have the headline specifically, and that's the Facebook headline. Then we have our video script right here.

Now, if this was a photo, we'd also have our photo script right here. Now, what is a photo script? A photo script is, here's the things I want in the video.

I mean, the photo, here's the headline I want in the photo or the creative headline I want in the photo. That's it. We're giving all the directions we need to our video creator.

So that way our video creator can actually go create the concept. Now, this particular creator, he's skilled with video and photo. So he'll take this script and he'll create either three videos or three photos.

This particular concept was planned out to be a video. So he's doing three videos. You know, that's why I never mix videos and photos together because I create one concept script that's specific for a video or a photo.

Then from here, you can edit this yourself. You could hire someone on Fiverr or Upwork, you know, depending on, you know, who's watching this video specifically. NoLimitCreatives.com is something I used to use.

And then R, you could hire a full-time visual creator in-house. That's what I have. I have a full-time video editor and graphic designer in-house that does all of our concepts.

Now, step number six is team review. We receive the content back from the visual creator. Now, what we want to do is review with the team just to make sure it's everything we want.

Now, in this particular case, maybe, you know, you or, and that's it. It's just you. Take a step back, wait 48 hours, and do not look at this at all.

Don't look at the copy. Don't look at the creative, anything like that. Then come back to it.

You'll always have a fresh perspective on it, and you'll be like, ooh, let's tweak that. Let's do this. This could be a lot better.

It's going to be worth it better when you stand back away from it for 48 hours. So, again, wait two days, come back, got fresh new ideas around it. Step number seven is a client review.

You know, again, we work with clients. We have an agency. Yeah.

So, we'll, only if it's required by the client, we'll have our client review everything on that side. Now, step number eight is launch inside of Facebook. And I have a full video on how to test new Facebook.

I created Facebook. I'm not going to be talking about that today, but if you go watch this video, it shows you step-by-step of everything you need to do inside of Facebook. And in step number nine, we analyze results.

We'll come there and we'll take the data back from Facebook. We're going to record that data in the ad-celerator. It's not ad-celerator.

It's ad-celerator. We'll record all that data in our learning sections right here. We'll talk about the results.

Was it poor spin, poor CPA, or winning ad found? What does that look like? And I do a mandatory review session where I spend 30 minutes just reviewing that concept.

I take that concept. I put it on the screen and I stare at it for 30 minutes, set a timer, and I have my pen and my paper and I write down everything that went right, everything that went wrong, and what could be improved. First 10 minutes, you'll have a lot of ideas.

The second 10 minutes, you'll sit there and stare at it and do nothing. Then the last 10 minutes, you'll have a lot of new ideas come flow to you because you've been staring at it for so long. So just want to look at that.

And then step number 10, plan out the next concept. We repeat every single step you saw in today's video all over again. And we ask ourselves before we plan out the next concept, have we identified something in the previous concept that gives us the confidence to test something again around that marketing hypothesis?

Or is there something we think we can do better in the previous concept that if we do differently, we'll create better results? Or do we need to go back to market research and start from scratch with a whole new concept? That's going to make our decisions for what that new concept will be.

So thank you guys so much for watching. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And yeah, guys. By the way, if you're interested in working with the agency, click the link below, have Nick Terrio run your ads. Or B, if you're interested in coaching or mentoring or anything like that, click the link below for having Nick Terrio mentor you specifically.

So great chatting to you guys today. Y'all have a good one. Peace out.