All right guys, today we'll be going over my tech stack that I use to make my clients a ton of money with Facebook ads and Shopify. I'm going over my most used apps that I consistently go to over and over and over. Like literally we use these daily.

And I try to pick the ones that you know that I really do use daily. There's a couple that I use like maybe once a month. I specifically chose the ones that I use literally daily.

And I'm gonna show you guys that these some of these are feasible in terms of like price range and stuff like that. And some are not so, but I just want to show you guys to be as fully transparent with you guys as possible what we actually use on a daily basis. So first things first is foreplay.

Obviously everyone loves foreplay. It's probably one of the most powerful tools from a perspective of finding ads that our competitors are running. You get there's a discovery feature right here where like you can go on Facebook save ads.

And this discovery feature literally shows every single ad saved by every single foreplay user. So that's one cool perk about it. You can also create dedicated boards of kind of like ad inspiration and things like that.

So like if I'm working with a new client, I love to go spend a couple hours saving a ton of ads related to this particular brand. And then what I'll do is I'll pull them up here. And I'm not sure why these are not loading, but yeah.

So foreplay, phenomenal tool. I highly, highly recommend it. Now, next thing from foreplay is actually like an organizational tool.

That's Asana. We just create boards for all of our clients. This is one of our clients.

And I'm just going to show you guys like pretty much the main things that we look at. Our ad concepts, basically each one gets put in production. And you know, that's how we as a team look at the production, where it's at, things like that.

If we need anything filmed specifically, things that are waiting for approval, things that are about to get launched, things that we just need to analyze results on, anything, anything the client's responsible for handling. So the client, every time he looks at this, he needs to take action on that or her meeting notes. Every time we have a meeting with the client and then our resources, just like various things we have inside of the agency that we need to access repeatedly for that particular client itself.

Now, in terms of like copywriting and like all this other data, to be honest, we use Google sheets or Google docs from copywriting to store all of our copywriting and all that good stuff. Google docs, where we do all of our copywriting, planning out concepts and all that good stuff. And then we use Google sheets to store all of our data in terms of like ad spend every day, revenue every day.

We plan out all of our ad concepts from there. So we have like our overview of all of our ad concepts and then each one's planned out a little bit deeper. And that's where we use Google docs at.

So just to show you case those two specifically. And then there's chat GPT, which, I mean, I had to add chat GPT to it. I think it's, you know, fairly common tool.

I think everyone knows about chat GPT now, but I had to add it in there as well. We don't use chat GPT just to create a concept and that's it. If we're using chat GPT to creating an ad concept, what we'll do is we'll use it as like the ideation tool.

And then we'll go spend the next couple hours, like actually refining and building it better ourself inside. Then from there, maybe you plan out some concepts. You get some cool ideas from foreplay.

You plan out some concepts, you organize it, all that good stuff. And you need someone to film that content specifically. That's where we have incense.pro.

Incense.pro is where we can basically upscale paid social with creators. So we can find some really high creators. We can do free product in exchange for content.

We can pay them whatever we want in exchange for content. as well. So there's different ways we can work with creators and easily one of my favorite, favorite tools to leverage for, you know, getting paid content back.

We can get some high, really cool product shots from these creators. We can get some, you know, cool, like videos done from a variety of different methods. I mean, whatever you script out and send these creators, they'll create, and it's really cool from there.

So that's in an incense. If you use my name, Nickterio at checkout, or like when you book a demo call with them, you get a hundred dollar ad credit to them. No, this video is not sponsored by them.

I just, I happen to have an affiliate code for them. And, you know, again, just want to support the channel. If you don't, cool.

I don't care. But yeah, so that's incense.pro. Now after incense.pro, you know, you create your concept or you get your ad idea, you plan it out, you write it out, all that good stuff.

You get the content back and you need it to be edited. You need the content, you know, cleaned up. You need some, you know, creatives done with that particular content.

Where can you go? My favorite is NLC.com or nolimitcreatives.com. I've used them before hiring a full-time person in-house.

So these people work really well. I'd say you could probably get realistically anywhere from about 30 to 50, I'd say about 30 creatives a month specifically from them. Maybe a little bit lower, maybe like 15 to 30 creatives at a time, depending on those tasks itself.

But I highly recommend No Limit Creatives. They do all of our, used to do all of our content creation before I got to the point where I needed someone in-house 40 hours a week. But yeah, phenomenal.

Way better than working with like temporary people and stuff like that. Then we'll use frame.io. This is a great tool that we leverage just to essentially upload content to, and we can review with the team.

For example, everyone who has access to this, we can upload the content to it and we can actually review this. And what's really cool about frame.io is that I can like leave a comment like right here. I can leave a comment and I'll leave it right here.

You know, maybe I can like draw on the screen and point things out. Just really phenomenal tool. So if you're having to deal with like creative reviews with multiple different people and stuff like that, then highly recommend frame.io specifically.

Now, next one is triple L. And I know you guys know already about triple L, but I love triple L specifically. I like it more from the data, the customer insights.

A lot of people use it for attribution. A lot of people hate it for attribution. I don't even use it for attribution.

I use it from a customer insights and an overview of revenue and profit and spend and stuff like that. You know, what's our customer cohorts look like? What's our repeat customer look like?

What's our stock levels look like? What products specifically sold the best in the last 30 days, but by skew, you know, what product is selling best on ads versus organic? Like all of this other data, triple L just makes it so much easier.

And I don't even really worry about attribution because I look at overall business every single day. So, but triple L is the last one works well for Shopify. So all of our Shopify stores are on triple L.

And then we use like high-res or wicked reports for anything outside of that specifically. Yeah, guys, hope y'all enjoyed this video. Kind of like my tech stack I use on a day-to-day basis.

Obviously I run an agency and we work with a lot of clients and we've done over a hundred million dollars in revenue for clients. And, you know, we might have a different tech stack than a brand owner, but a lot of these things brand owners can leverage specifically. So, you know, I would say just take a look, see what makes sense for your business.

Click the link below to book call with me and my team. If you want your ads ran by us. And then also too, if you want to be mentored by me, click the link below for have Nick Theriot mentor you specifically.

So make sure you don't like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.