It's no secret that testing new Facebook ads can help you improve your performance and help you scale your account. This is something that I've been preaching for a long time on the channel, and it's been the biggest secrets of our success for helping multiple brands hit million dollar months. But what happens when you're testing new creatives and you're not really seeing the success you want?

Maybe the creatives aren't earning spin, or maybe they are earning spin, but actually performing worse than the original creatives that you had. I just want to say you are not alone. This is something that almost every advertiser who learns about creative testing experiences at least once or twice.

So if you're doing all the correct marketing fundamentals, doing the research, addressing the desires, creating the creative and not seeing those results, here's a couple of things that I would recommend for you. So what I'll typically see once people start testing creatives is that they approach everything pretty direct. And what I mean by that is if they do their research, they understand that people want to learn how to scale their Facebook ads.

They'll literally just go ahead and say something like how to scale Facebook ads. And while this will work in a less competitive market, most people underestimate the fact of how many other people are stating that same claim. When you have a lot of different advertisers saying how to scale Facebook ads, then what happens here is that you're just one of the many people that's just hoping one of the people click on your ad out of all the other people saying the same thing.

So if you want to cut through the noise like a hot knife through butter, then there's a couple different tactics you can deploy to be able to achieve this. The first one is you can call out a sub niche within a niche. Great example here is Black Rifle Coffee Company.

The founder saw that there was no coffee brand specifically focusing on military and these military people loved coffee. So all this particular person did was went ahead and created a coffee brand specifically for military. The product pretty much the same.

I personally have heard people drinking it and I'm not going to talk bad about the product, but I didn't really hear anything that was like, Oh my God, this is the best tasting coffee in the world. But people buy because it's relevant to what they believe and what they identify with. Now this one, you won't really necessarily see a clear sign and research that, Oh, hey, these people want this product.

It's more looking at who are all the different people that are buying from me. And could we go all in on one particular type of clients? Most people think this would just shrink your market.

But actually, what happens here is that it gives you a competitive advantage across all the other brands and makes you stand out significantly more. Another great example is Under Armour. Under Armour kind of focus on all sports related activities with their clothing, which is performance clothing for active people.

Gymshark saw that people were wearing Under Armour to the gym and stuff, but there was no brand specifically just for gym people. So what the Gymshark do go create gym related clothing. And then if you look at even a further level deeper, when Alphalete came to the picture, it didn't try to go against Gymshark because Gymshark was also already leading the industry specifically for gym culture.

So Alphalete just simply took a subset of people within the gym who were ambitious, who were like striving to better themselves, not just in the gym, but all areas of life and created a brand that was still gym focused, but focused on the mindset of those consumers with its branding type of products it launched, and also to just a type of continent ads that were created around that particular niche of people. So when you're creating this back to Facebook ads, the creative you're going to go create is going to be one subset of people within your niche. The benefits you're going to call out, the people you show in the creative, the location you film that creative are all going to be specific to that one sub niche of people that none of the other competitors are actively targeting.

Now, number two is exaggerate the claim. There's a difference between me saying, here's how to scale your Facebook ads in 2025 versus here's how to scale your Facebook ads in 2025 that will empty your warehouse and have your manufacturer calling you begging you to slow down your production. One obviously sounds a lot more just crazy and wild than the other one in a more competitive environment where there's a lot of people saying a low level, like for example, how to scale your Facebook ads and everyone's saying the same thing.

You don't stand out. Whereas if you say something like the other one where it's like, Hey, your manufacturer be calling you and telling you to stop selling because they can't keep up with production. That's going to be a lot more dramatic, a lot more exaggerated.

These work really well at just throwing something new in someone's face and things that are just a little bit more loud, noisy. That's going to cut through the noise when someone's scrolling through social media all day. Now, number three is make a bigger claim.

So number two, we exaggerated the claim in number three, we're going to make a bigger claim than everyone else. So if everyone else is talking about how to scale Facebook ads, I will say something like how to scale your Facebook ads to $100,000 a month within 30 days, or you get your money back. And that particular case right there, we just made it simply a bigger claim.

Now, a little side note for this is that when you make a bigger claim, if it goes too big and above belief that people have, people actually think you're a scammer. So people don't believe the claim you make because it's so big, then what will happen is they believe you are a scammer. So you have to still make a big enough claim that's believable.

And if it's not believable, then you need to look at one of the other tactics that's taught in this video. Now, the last tactic is introducing a new mechanism. This is just simply where we call out what people want, how to scale their Facebook ads.

But we're introducing a new way to scale Facebook ads in 2025. For example, I remember the first time that I saw this was when I think it was Social Savannah had posted something on Twitter like years ago. And she was like, Hey, if you're scaling Facebook ads right now, like Advantage Plus, we're seeing crazy results.

It's working extremely well. Now, to be fair here, this was a couple of years ago. So this is not based off current what I do now.

I don't personally do Advantage Plus or anything like that. But at that given moment right there, when she had posted it, it was brand new. It was a new mechanism because at that time, that's when Facebook just rolled it out for the first time.

Now, not to question her credibility and, you know, maybe there's like she was paid to post that or anything like that. But there was a ton of people in the comments, Hey, my Facebook ads performance has been trashed lately. I'm testing this out now.

I've never been able to be successful at Facebook ads. Hopefully this can help me out. This is what a new mechanism does here.

It's simply just giving people new hope that they can achieve what they always wanted. But the new hope is created from the idea that this thing is new. And because it's new, it gives them a new possibility.

You'll see this a lot in dating as well, where like someone will start seeing someone new and then you realize like, Hey, that person's exactly the same person that like screwed them over in the past. But when you approach them about it and talk to them about it, they're like, Oh yeah, that person is everything, but they do this one thing differently. And that's their new hope that this person's not going to be the same person.

Now there's two ways to introduce a new mechanism. You can call out just simply the new mechanism. So for example, I posted something on Instagram reels a while back where I was like, how to scale Facebook ads with the motion baiting.

And then I just had like a big, like huge day. And I just posted a video of like showing off the results on that immediately grabbed people's attention because they never heard of emotion baiting before. Another way is simply call out something people hate about the current mechanism they use.

And this alludes to the idea that a new mechanism will be introduced. So for example, if I said how to scale Facebook ads in 2025, without spending another dollar on creative testing, I know that's something that people spend a lot of money on and it's something that people hate doing, but they know it's necessary for them to scale that would immediately grab their attention and pull them in so they could learn more. So these are four different ways to be tactical inside of your creatives to make them stand out and cut through the noise that you fight with on a daily basis.

And hopefully this helps you out with improve your creative testing hit rate. If there's any that you specifically liked in this video, drop a comment below. Love to know which one you're going to be testing out and which one you liked.

If you enjoyed this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you're doing over a hundred K a month and want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads, where we create all the creatives, all of those good things for you and run your ads for you. And if you're doing less than a hundred K a month and you want me to mentor you click the link below to Nick's inner circle, where it will hop on one-on-one calls and go over everything inside of your ad accounts.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.