Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I have a very special guest for you guys who has personally built over 10,000 product pages. I've worked with over 100 clients in 2021 and has singly handedly taken a brand from zero to 150K in literally 100 days purely through conversion rate optimization. Yes guys, today I have an exciting new episode, kind of like a, not only a podcast, but just sitting down and talking with Nick Reed or Nicholas Reed, who I brought on from 253media.com, who is going to spill the beans, the secret sauce for you guys on improving your conversion rate on your website and everything like that, which if you don't know, is massive lever to pull inside of your business to improve your ROAS, your performance and all like good stuff like that.

So with that being said, let's dive into the video. And I know like this is not your typical setup. We're actually going to jump into a right setup in a second, just a little late at night, need to film this intro.

So my apology, but that being said, let's dive into the video. From my understanding of you, you dominantly do a lot of website, not necessarily, is it SEO work or is it just CRO work? Both actually.

Yeah. So we, I mean, really the way I introduce ourselves is we're an agency that does A to Z website work. So everything from, you know, foundational builds, which is most of what we do up until lately, we've been doing a lot of other stuff lately, which has been awesome.

But it's pretty much foundational builds, SEO work, CRO work, we do a lot of integration stuff. We do a lot of like custom development as well. Not necessarily on like the app side of things.

So like a lot of Shopify brands will reach out for us to do like, you know, custom Shopify apps. We don't do that. But we do pretty much anything else you can ever imagine on a website.

Okay. So anything on a website that comes out, CRO, SEO, just other than like building out custom apps, that's like the only thing that you guys don't do. Yeah.

Yeah. And we, I mean, we definitely pushed the borders to that a little bit. But, you know, we, we try to avoid it because it's definitely not our specialty and we will, you know, I don't want to say outsource.

So we'll make the referral to the right agency for that kind of stuff if we need to. It's not a lot of stuff. We don't get that request very often though.

Yeah. It's pretty uncommon. We, we try to stick to what we're good at.

And the amount of Shopify apps now, like it's pretty much impossible that they need of a custom built app with the, just the level of apps that are already out there. But you'd be surprised every now and then you run that one little odd. Every now and then.

Shit. I need a custom built. Yeah.

Every now and then we'll, we'll run into that. We ran into one last year with a square setup where the client wanted to do run square for payment processing. Can't do that custom app.

So we got that one figured out. There've been a couple other little things like that here and there, but like, yeah, like I said, we try to avoid it if we can, because it's, it can be a headache. And like, you know, you just nailed it.

There's, there's an app for pretty much everything. Now it's like, okay, instead of having the app doesn't have the functionality, let's add more functionality to the same app or let's tweak it the way it looks or something like that. And we can do that.

We do that a lot too. Now, what is like your percentages? So obviously you do like A to Z on websites, since right there.

Would you say you're more of a CRO specialist or SEO specialist in that sense right there? Probably more on the CRO side of things. So I guess kind of talk about that a little bit.

So my background was advertising. Ran a lot of Facebook ads, did that for a long, long time. Both lead gen, e-com did all that.

Really made a big pivot over to focusing on the websites a few years ago. Just because we started seeing like, number one, not a lot of people were thinking about their website. And we started seeing like, basically what happened is we brought on a couple of clients that didn't have very good websites.

And we brought ads and I'm like, okay, this ad's perfect. Like everything about this is great. The offer's good.

The product's good. The ad is good. And everything about this should be working.

And for whatever reason, it's not. Started looking at the website. Okay, that's like the post click part.

That's the problem here. So we really started to notice that. And that's when we started to really kind of take that next step and dive into the website work.

Full circle now, a couple years later, now it's all we do. And so for me though, I think about it more as like, I want to build a website that converts plain and simple. I mean, you know, we talk to our team a lot internally has conversations about design versus function.

And it's actually really cool for us because our team is built in the way where I'm a numbers person. Like, I don't care what it looks like. I just want it to look well.

To an extent, you know, it has to be a little pretty. But, you know, the other people on the team are like, they want it to look really pretty. And so it's a fine balance between, you know, making things look pretty and making things work really well.

And we find that spot where it's like, okay, it's perfect. It does both. And we even take it a step further where it's not over-designed, right?

So there's some websites out there where I'm like, that website's dope. That probably converts like crazy just because I'm so stoked to be here. But that was, you know, quarter million dollars.

Most brands don't need a quarter million dollar website. Are you familiar with the website Alphalete? Are you familiar with Alphalete in that branding?

I am. I like to look at like one of them as like their website's superly over-designed. Like it's so slow and everything.

But they convert so fucking well because like their audience is all warm. So like they don't run any like really any cold audience ads. Yeah.

But I like to think of like one of those as the website where you said like it's just superly overly designed in that sense right there. Yeah. Yeah.

There's a couple of, I saw one the other day. I wish I could, I wish I would have like written it down or made note of it and what it was. And I was like, this website is so cool.

I don't even want to know how much they spent on it because I know it was way too much. And it's, it's crazy because like the difference between, you know, one of those sites you're like, this is so cool. Like award-winning design and one where I'm like, this is just a normal website that is probably converting pretty much the same.

You know, realistically the ROI for the one that's not quite as cool is probably better than the one that's overly designed. So it's kind of a funny balance. And we talk to clients about that a lot.

Like, you know, our, our designs are good. Don't get me wrong. We definitely, I think are in the running for some of those award-winning designs pretty regularly now.

But we're definitely not that one where I'm like, hey, you're going to win all the awards for this design. And like all that's like, hey, we just want to make you something that's going to make you a shit ton of money. That's all we care about.

I love that. Now, what would you say is like your split between like Shopify, like, like, would you say like over 50% of your stores you're working with is Shopify stores? Good question.

So if it's an e-com, 99.9% of them are Shopify. But we're actually not all e-com. So we're, I would say on average, like big picture average, about 50-50 between econ and then like non-e-com.

So like we do all like tech stuff, service base, stuff like that. We use Webflow for that. So we're, we're pretty 50-50 split.

The nice thing is a lot of the stuff that, you know, that you and I were talking before is like, it comes down to like marketing fundamentals. So a lot of them are kind of the same, you know, same, same concepts. At the end of the day, man, it's people go to a website to learn about the company, who they are, what they stand for, why they should buy it.

And how to buy from them, right? So those are really like the same, same fundamentals between e-com and non-e-com. But as far as e-com goes, Shopify is just great.

It has, you know, pretty much everything you need. Very rarely do we run into something where I'm like, hey, we can't do that. So especially with, with the 2.0 stores, they're night and day difference than old Shopify.

Thank God. Really the only time I would say that we don't do e-com on Shopify is if e-com is not like the priority. So for example, we work with a lot of breweries and distilleries, like alcohol companies.

Alcohol laws are kind of finicky. Now they're getting a little bit more lax. You can start to ship a little bit easier now.

There's some better resources and tools for that. But before you couldn't really ship alcohol very well. And a lot of distilleries aren't even set up to build a ship and they don't have that kind of capability internally.

And so what we would do is get them set up on Webflow, something cool, like a very educational, like marketing site. And then we'd have like either Webflow e-commerce, Square, Foxy Cart, something like that. For like selling like merch or something like that.

But then it's not really e-com store. It's more just like, hey, we sell merch too, by the way. So it's kind of the difference.

But, you know, if it's pure e-com and, you know, direct to consumer and everything like that, like Shopify all the way. Now, just for the audience to understand, first off too, just the audience that is watching this is about 99% Shopify. Just frame you with that right there too.

Okay. So everyone who's watching this is going to be on a Shopify store. The second thing I want to ask you is, okay, cool.

So like, obviously like CRO is basically just making the site better and from a conversion standpoint and also too from a branding standpoint. But why is that important for people to like take seriously? Ooh, my favorite question, man.

So I think the best way to think about CRO is to use an example. Let's say, for example, you have a site that converts at 1%. And you have a site that converts at 2%.

That's, you know, same company. You have one version converts at 1%, one converts at 2%. That's really the same difference between making half a million dollars a month and making a million dollars a month when you're spending the same amount.

It's the exact same thing. So really what it does is it takes every aspect of your marketing mix, whether it's your paid media, your organic, your influencer, your word of mouth, your email, your referrals, blah, blah, blah. The list goes on of how you're getting traffic, how you're getting in front of people.

It takes all that and makes it more efficient. So you can have the absolute best ad agency in the world running ads and you're spending so much money to have like the craziest thing ever that you're like, dude, this is so cool. Everyone's going to buy this.

If you send them to a website that sucks, no one's going to buy it. Or maybe people still buy it, but not nearly as many as should have bought it. So what CRO does is it takes that effort you're putting into, you know, getting in front of people, getting them stoked by your product, and just makes that experience a little bit more efficient to stretch those marketing dollars even further.

I like it. And I also like to tell people too, like another example too, you did a perfect example when it came down to like the $500 versus, you know, a million dollars a year. It's my favorite.

Another way to even look as like, hey, you spend a hundred bucks and you get a hundred people to your site. You get one person convert. That's that on a hundred dollar sale, you're one-to-one on your, like your ROAS, your one extra ROAS.

You spend a hundred bucks at a dollar person to get to your site and you get a 2% conversion rate. You get two people to convert now. Now you made 200 bucks.

Now you have a two extra ROAS. And like you maybe might be more profitable. But like CRO is something that I know it's something for us and our agency that we're looking to, you know, that's something I even want to talk to you privately, Nick.

We'll talk later. We're looking to have a really outstanding referral source we can refer to because all of our clients, a lot of them never even did any type of CRO actions and they're already like profitable. So it's like, what happens if they go from 3% to even a 4% conversion around their Shopify site?

And these are like Shopify sites. They made themselves, they coded everything themselves, you know? So what would an expert do in that situation?

Yeah, the craziest thing to me is like it still to this day blows my mind how many sites we see. Then I'm like, this site's terrible. And somehow it converts, blows my mind.

But it goes back to those marketing fundamentals, man, right? It's building the trust with people. Is this the right product for me?

Is now the right time to buy it? Do I need this product? Can I afford this product?

Blah, blah, blah. At the end of the day, it's should I buy this product? Yes or no.

This is the right product for me. That's all the site needs to do. Quite frankly.

I mean, there's more to it than that, honestly. But that's the basic gist of it. But yeah, it's crazy to me how many brands just leave so much money on the table from a conversion standpoint.

You can get really nitty gritty with it too, especially when you start diving into like, you know, if anyone's listening to this and does not have like either Hotjar or Microsoft already set up, please do yourself a favor and go set it up. When you start looking into some of those like analytics tools beyond Google Analytics, beyond, you know, your normal Shopify analytics, you'll start to see some pretty interesting things that you're like, oh, never even thought about that. And it makes a big difference.

And, you know, a lot of companies that we'll see and we'll talk to and we'll work with are getting a lot of info. And we go off a lot of our CRO stuff from the actual customers. So feedback, reviews, stuff like that.

You know, customer service is a huge thing. If people are having questions about your product, if you're getting questions before people are buying, after people are buying, you know, that stuff that you can use in your site for your CRO, answer the questions before people have them is probably one of the best like concepts that we talk about with clients. It's like, hey, if someone has a question, like that's friction.

That's someone who's not necessarily ready to buy. Other people have that question too. Answer it on your site, more people will buy.

Simple that. I think that's like the only thing as an agency that we tell people, clients like, hey, if we see a common question, put it on your site. It's like one of the easiest CRO hacks.

And that definitely goes into the next topic I want to discuss is, okay, so like a bird's eye view, mile high view over all the things you do for like CRO. So what are like maybe the four or five like or just like the high leverage actions you can take? There's some people like, okay, cool.

I'm going to go with CRO now and go take action on this. And they're going to go change the shop now button from like blue to black or that's car button from blue to green. And that's it.

They're like, I tried zero. It did work. So like what are like maybe a few actions from a mile high perspective that are high leverage that people can start, you know, maybe just venturing down and learning more about for their site?

Yeah. Great question. You know, like I said, first things first, get your analytics dialed in.

If you don't have data, you don't have anything. So get that figured out and act accordingly from there. I mean, we really do our best to not act out of emotion as much as possible.

Like every now and then we'll be like, okay, you're missing this. Like we just know because we have experience there. But let's say you don't have experience.

Let's say you have no idea what you can do in CRO wise. It's a couple of things to think about. Navigation.

Number one, how easy is it to find your product? Especially if you have a lot of products. You have a bigger store with, you know, a lot of different SKUs.

How easy is it to get to the right product? How easy is it to know which one is the right product? And if someone gets on the right product or maybe they get to one that's close, but it's not quite the right one.

How easy is it for them to go somewhere else and find the right product? So that's a big thing. We had a meeting yesterday actually about this and they had so many products and it was very tricky to go and find the right one.

So I'm like problem number one right there. Fix that. So basically just overall, you know, product navigation, store navigation.

How easy is it to find the correct product? Not just any product because everyone's got, you know, shop now, shop all. But if you've got a hundred products and you have a shop all, like that's not going to help you sell products on page four because no one's going to page four of your store.

So that's number one. Number two, one thing I think is pretty cool that a lot of brands do, but a lot of brands also don't do is, you know, insider reviews. So for example, let's say you go into like a pretty well-known brand.

You'll see like this product was featured in XYZ publication, you know, this publication, this magazine featured us. You know, you'll see this a lot on like commercials, right? Rolling Stone said this, Forbes said this, you know, Rotten Tomatoes gave us this.

They're saying that because people trust those sources. And, you know, if Rotten Tomatoes says a movie is pretty good, it must be a pretty good one. Same thing goes for your products too, right?

If let's say you're an outdoor brand, for example, and Gear Junkie says this product changed our hiking experience. I trust Gear Junkie quite a bit. This must be a pretty cool product.

Or let's say you're a supplement brand, another great example. If Bodybuilding.com says, hey, this is the best pre-workout we have ever tried, that's pretty legit. That's a pretty big claim, right?

It doesn't need to be crazy things like that. Any kind of features like that I think go a long way. It's kind of like reviews, but like times 10.

No one knows who Bob Smith is in Louisiana. No one knows who, you know, Janet is in Connecticut. People know who Forbes is.

They know who these bigger publications are. That's a ton of trust that you're basically getting from reviews, but like a lot more. So that's a big one.

And just to add to that as well. Like there's people probably on here that's like, oh my God, how do I get like Forbes and stuff like that? It's actually quite easy.

Like people pay for these publications. You don't, it's not like these people's publications reach out to me like, hey, we want to feature your product. Like it happens like 1% of the time, but not 9% of the time brands just pay for it.

You can easily find PR agencies and that can like get you featured on these. And yeah, the amount of social proof it adds to you is incredible. So that's just for you guys looking out how to do that yourself.

Totally. And it doesn't even need to be Forbes, right? If I would honestly say Forbes be good for some products, but not for others.

Like find ones that are like very specific to what you're selling. Bodybuilding.com would be a great one for supplements. You know, Gear Junkie for outdoor, et cetera, et cetera.

Find the right ones for your audience for sure. Don't just say Forbes is the one to go for. Yeah, I paid like, I think I paid like $500 for an article for Yahoo News for like to be featured in it, for like advertising.

Also paid like another like thing like $600, $700 for a full page spread for Disrupt Magazine. And I use these now every time I pitch clients and it always works really well. It's like, oh shit, like it's the real deal.

Okay. I want to learn more about that because I have never gone down that route. Okay.

We'll tie later. AuthoritySharks.com. Got you.

Okay. That's awesome. So let's go back to CRO.

So next thing I would say, very Shopify specific thing. For anyone listening to this who's not on Shopify 2.0, get on Shopify 2.0, number one. Makes things so much easier to build, to build better product pages, build better landing pages.

List goes on. It's way better. If you don't have Shopify 2.0, you can just use a page builder.

Or if you're a liquid genius, then you can write liquid. It's fantastic too. But really just building out product pages that are designed to sell and educate.

Good example. Let's say I go on to perfect example. Okay.

So I just bought a bunch of new pair of shorts. I did a lot of research to find shorts, which I'm probably the only person that researches what shorts to buy. But I wanted to get it.

No, just like regular shorts. Just regular shorts? Like, I don't know.

Yeah. In Utah, it's cold, man. I wasn't really a shorts person.

I only won a pair of shorts before I moved to Tennessee. And now in Tennessee, it's ridiculously hot. So I'd go buy a bunch of pair of shorts.

Yeah. And so I went to go do a bunch of research to figure out what shorts to get. And I was like, okay, I want a pair of shorts that, you know, good length, good quality, are comfy, they're lightweight, they're versatile, blah, blah, blah.

What I wanted to basically do was learn about the shorts and make sure it's the right pair of shorts for me to buy. Right there. I want to go and learn about the product to make sure it's the one that's going to fit my needs the best.

Same thing goes for any kind of product, whether it's a pair of shorts, whether it's a water bottle, whether it's supplement, whether it's whatever kind of brand you have, whatever kind of products you're selling. Make these product pages to answer questions, to help people understand, is this the right product for me? And the reason why I brought up Shoppike 2.0 or Writing Liquid or Page Builders, a lot of people use these stores and they build out these very generic product.

Pages that have, you know, product image, very generic buy box, suggested products, that's it. And that's like where the product page stops. And I see that and I'm just like, dude, you're killing me, man.

That's like when I go into a sales call and if someone submits a lead form on our site and I see that and I'm like, boom, firepower, let's go. This will be a deal because that's like what most people do. They don't build these product pages out to be very, very salesy, right?

They don't, very educational, very salesy, you know, connecting with your audience. They're just plain and simple product image, buy box. That's it.

They don't even have reviews half the time. So building out product pages is huge. With Shoppike 2.0, you can use your meta fields to really build out some pretty cool stuff.

Having different product page templates that you build within Shopify is a great way to do that as well. For bigger stores that have, you know, 100 plus products, you don't necessarily need to build out a specific product template for every single product. That's overkill.

And if you have the time and the money and the resources to do that, more power to you. But most people don't have the time, budget, bandwidth, et cetera, to build out 100 plus pages. That's a lot.

So break it up. Keep it simple. I would say for most people listening to this, if you're doing it yourself, like break it up by collection.

Let's say you have shirts. Build out your shirts template. Sweatshirts.

Build out your sweatshirts template. And then all of those can be basically the same product page in a sense. Maybe it's, you know, around, you know, specific kinds of shirts or whatever it is.

Pre-workout could be a good one for bodybuilding. If you just want to build out a couple of them, build out your template. Use your meta fields for the product level.

Now you have some pretty cool, pretty cool product pages that are specific for that product. Or at least that collection at the bare minimum. But I would say that's probably the next big thing that I see a lot of people doing.

Don't get hung up on colors too much. You know, that was the old like, oh, you need to change your button color. It's like, yeah, no, dude.

Just people know how to shop online now. It's fine. One thing we've been seeing a lot of lately, it's really popular in Shopify that we actually have been seeing results with kind of going against the green a little bit is you have those like buy now buttons.

You have like the quick buys and stuff like that. We've been starting to get rid of those. It's been a while now, but we get rid of those.

Especially for brands that are selling two products or more for most cards. And the reason why is those products basically say quick buy, boom, I'm going to street checkout. I don't get a chance to go and buy more stuff.

Right? So if you want to, if you have an average order value problem, check that out. That's a pretty big thing.

We've talked to a lot of brands that are like, oh, we want to get our average order value up. I'm like, get rid of that like yesterday. Because now you're basically making it so customers can't buy more stuff.

So that's something we look at a lot. I think there's a weird consumer like psychology thing right there because I never purchased from a website. It's just buy now.

Like there's something about easing into the sale of add to cart. I get to see my cart and I get to make one more final commitment before I purchase this. So as soon as I hit that checkout button, I'm committed.

And it's like just hitting that buy now is too much commitment at once. It's the weirdest shit because it's just one page difference. That's it.

And then obviously, I never even thought about it from that perspective too of, oh, hey, well, I can't even go purchase other items on the site too. So that's a really good idea right there too. But it makes a big difference.

Yeah, it makes a big difference. Another thing that we started doing. So when we look at analytics and this is going back to kind of our analytics conversation, we want to look at the proportion of kind of this trickle down concept, right?

So when we look at purchases, let's say you have a 2% conversion rate. Well, that's great. But how are we going to get that number up?

Well, really, it starts from the top, right? It's how can we get the add to cart rate higher than the checkout rate higher? And that stuff needs to go up together.

It all goes up. You're never going to have like, I mean, you might, I don't want to say never, but it's not like you're going to have a, you know, a 4% or 5% add to cart rate and then a 2% purchase rate and have that go up to the same. That's not realistic, right?

We need to kind of go up together. So a lot of times we'll think about how can we get that add to cart rate higher? And then once you have, that's a pretty good number that needs to trickle down to the conversion, the final conversion, right?

So we'll start thinking about the in-cart experience too. That's a big thing that a lot of people don't talk about. What can we do to get people, you know, more committed in the car?

We don't want to have that buyer remorse. This is especially apparent for brands that have a pretty big gap between add carts purchases. To me, that shows a few things.

It shows shipping can be really high, which that's a thing. I get it. Some products are expensive to ship.

You got to factor that in. By the end of the day, competing against Amazon, 99% of brands compete against Amazon. So think about that.

Price accordingly. But a lot of brands will run into these issues with the difference between an add to cart in a final purchase. So what can we do to get people more excited about the cart?

Reviews are a great thing, right? So we'll put reviews on the actual cart page. That's a great way to do that.

Stars on the products in there. We've been testing more and more stuff on the actual cart page as well. Simple, like extra little things to get people excited at the product level.

Because really what we want to do is we want to reduce that last minute, like, is this the right product? Should I buy this? Yeah, that's what you want to reduce.

They're 99% there. We've just got to push them over the edge. And so that's something that I don't see a lot of people talking about.

I see a couple of my CRO friends are talking about it a little bit. But for the most part, not a lot of people are talking about that. So that's something that I think a lot of people can do.

And it's not hard, especially if you're on a 2.0 theme. It's pretty easy to add some of that stuff in there. Some stuff that we're doing, easier said than done, for sure.

But especially if you're on a 2.0 theme, you can do some pretty cool stuff. So I would do that for sure. Cool.

I think that's four. I don't know. I lost count.

That's a lot. No, I think you covered a lot of really good things. I really love the fact that you said about the template side too as well.

So you hit a really good point right there. It's like you don't need to go out there, CR your whole website. Just start off with like your one main product page.

You know, like for example, if your best-selling product is a blue t-shirt, then just focus on that blue t-shirt first. Or like because a lot of people like probably only have like one or two best-selling products right now. Focus on those first before you try to go do everything because it's just too much at once.

I know one thing too, like from a CR perspective, and this is where I think I still too have some level of disconnect in that particular industry is because I've talked to people that are like, cool, we're CRL specialists. And then they come in and they just tell us what to change on a website. And also I've talked to people that are like CRL specialists and they come in and they make sure we have the right copy on the product page that really brings the product to life, that really focus on the like there's questions.

They even bring those questions to life by articulating it with like maybe a quick little gift or something like that. So like is that like just two different levels of service delivery? Like, hey, this guy might not be as high of a service delivery.

This guy is like pretty advanced too. And like what do you guys cover in your agency? Yeah, great question.

So that's actually like a really good question. I'm going to say a little bit. I don't want to say someone's not a better service provider necessarily.

I want to say everyone is going to go and do the absolute best job they can here. I would say a lot of it comes down to, you know, number one, what's needed. I mean, that's how we go about it.

Right. So we think about what does this client actually need? If you have killer copy, man, you have great copy.

Right. If I can't like, or our team can't look in there and be like, dude, I'm not going to be like, hey, go change this, this, this, this, this, this, right. And I think I said it later, it's like, we try to work on everything as like data driven as objectively as possible.

Like very rarely will we even recommend a change until we look at any kind of analytics. If we see like, you know, Google analytics or Shopify analytics or hot jar, we can start to kind of say, okay, let's start here. Let's do this.

Let's do this. Um, and you know, some clients I'm like, dude, the whole site's a disaster. They're like, let's be real or this is a mess.

Um, but assuming it's not a mess, which, you know, a lot more clients are, I think you're getting savvy on it too, where they can come to us and be like, yeah, our site's been pretty solid. Like, especially for brands that are like actually getting sales. If you, if you're, if you're rolling, right.

You probably have something decent. Right. Um, very rarely do we, do we talk to a brand that's like, you know, they're cruising, they're making good money.

They're just ready for the next level. Um, that's not necessarily like, you know, crazy, like sites of disaster. That's like, okay, there's lots of little things potentially, or maybe just some little things.

Um, but to get back to your question, um, I'd say a lot of it comes down to, I guess, number one, what's needed. Um, number two, the actual person specialty. Some people can, it's kind of everyone's style, right?

Some people can write this crazy, like story writing copy. I'm not that person by any means that I will not tell you that I am. So I'm not.

Um, but some people can sell you based on the words. I like to sell kind of a lot more on the experience. Um, on the education, like you talk to me, any of my stuff, I'm like very cut and dry.

This is what you get. This is what it is. This is for you.

If you're this person, this is why you should buy it. That's it. Uh, I'm not necessarily the person who's going to like get y'all in that, like salesy and marketing lingo.

Like I probably should be a little bit more than I am quite frankly. Um, and I, and this is kind of just me as a person too. Like I'm just very cut and dry.

Um, some people sell through their words and that's one style for sure. Um, my, and I'd say one of the things you can look at like any of our sites or any of our projects or any of our clients really. Um, and this thing I probably could have talked about in our last point here as well, is that emotion that people get when they're on their site.

So me as a consumer, me as a marketer, I want someone to go on a website and be like, man, I could see myself using that. I want that. Um, some of my favorite branded products are like that.

So good example, um, built t-shirts you've, I'm sure you've heard of them. One of like, I love their ads. They're so good.

Um, but why are they good? Easy. The reason why their website's good, why their ads are good is because they have their audience, you're in their audience.

I'm in their audience. Yeah. We go on their site and be like, I can see myself in this brand.

Like, I want to look like that guy, that guy looks good in that shirt. Right. I want to be, I want to look good in a built shirt.

Right. So that's how I think about it. And I'll be like, dude, I need to look like that.

That guy buff. I want to look like that. When I wear a built shirt, I need to buy a built shirt.

I have never, ever read the copy on a built site. I just be like, I want to look good. I want, I want my girlfriend to think I look good in that shirt.

So I'm going to get a built shirt. That's that. So they sell more emotion.

And I think that's just a totally different strategy. Selling them copies. Fantastic too.

Just kind of depends on the brand. I think too. So, and we, we do quite a bit of copywriting.

You know, we, we definitely do a lot of copyright. I don't want to make a solid. We don't.

But I would say we, we, it's not like our number one, like we're going to come in and rewrite all your stuff. Especially for, for brands that are more technical. Also, a lot of those brands, a lot of those brands are going to write their, their copy themselves.

Honestly, we talked to a lot of brands that are like that and then we'll tweak it, but we'll get them 90% there. We'll give them some templates to write off of. We'll get them close and then we'll tweak it to make it work on the site.

Well, as we know like how to write copy. But if a brand has like a technical product or like a lot of technical language, we want them to say it because they're going to know how to write, how to, how to like talk in that language and have that language. Yeah, exactly.

Um, you know, and so it's like, like if you're selling, I don't know, we'll go back to our supplements, right? If you're selling a supplement, you want to talk to someone like they're going to get inspired to, to buy the supplements, the right supplement for them. If you have someone write copy, who's never, ever taken a supplement, who doesn't know anything about supplements, they're probably not the right person to write that.

And maybe they can get close, right? They're going to start doing some research here, but they're not going to be like, dude, this is the supplement. Like that copy is not necessarily going to like knock it out of the park and connect with that person who knows what they're talking about.

Like the highly educated customer. I love that. So what is like your kind of ideal customer?

If, if I'm watching this right now and I'm like, Hey, you know, man, you know, Nick right here, Nicholas Reed here would be a great fit to help me with my store. Um, what is that process of us working together? It looks like and who, who is the right person, you know, am I making $20,000 from my shop, buy a store?

Do I need to make a hundred grand a month? Like what's probably like your average client that comes in, what revenue range they're at? And then, um, how does that process y'all working together look like?

Yeah. Good question. Um, took a few questions there.

Let's, let's start with kind of the ideal customer. Um, ideal customer is definitely someone who has, who's been around for a while. They've got some traction.

Um, they've got sales. That's huge. They're, they're rolling.

Um, maybe they built their first site themselves. Maybe they hired a freelancer to do the second site and they're ready for, for the next level. Right.

They're like, okay, this works. We have proof of concept. We're rolling.

We're ready for more, man. Let's go to the next level. That's really where we come in.

Um, and what would you say that like revenue, monthly revenue range kind of is? Oh man. 250 K a month?

Low or I'd say high fives to mid sixes, low sixes right around there. Um, you know, we've got a couple of clients that are doing, you know, multiple six figures a month. Um, we've got some clients that are doing, you know, multiple five figures a month.

It really just depends on the client, I would say. Um, a lot of it comes down to, you know, where they're at. Some, some clients are further along than others.

Some are not as far as others. They need help too. Um, revenue for us is one of those things where we don't necessarily think about it too much.

We think about it just enough to know, is this a viable product? Does it actually sell? Cause we've got clients that are, are brand new products too, right?

We've got clients that have zero sales. Um, we've had a lot of clients come like from Kickstarter or they have other businesses and they're launching a new business, stuff like that. Like that's a totally normal thing for us too.

Um, not all of our clients are, are really revenue driven. It's more of like a brand that has, has the resources to do something cool. We're not necessarily going to be that.

We're definitely not that, you know, first timer, like just getting started kind of person who's never done a business before brand new product. They don't know, they don't have content. They don't really know if it sells like that's not necessarily for us.

Um, we're in the depth 90% of the time we're in the, um, you know, in that, in that phase where it's like, this is a legit brand. It's been, been rolling for a while. Now they're sure to the next level.

So, um, a good, a good thought process here. Um, you know, if you're advanced Shopify, that's a pretty good spot for us. Um, most of our clients are either Shopify going to advanced Shopify or advanced Shopify thinking about going to Shopify plus we've got a couple of Shopify plus brands.

Um, kind of just like in that kind of range, I would say it's probably a better way to think about it. And for like clients working together, you guys like kind of like a monthly thing, or is it more of kind of like a, a project, maybe like a 90 day project or something like that? Yeah.

Good question. How do you work together? Like what's that relationship look like?

Yeah. Um, I would say it really depends on the client, right? So clients are doing foundational builds, just purely, purely a project base.

Right. So you don't need to do more than one foundational build, right? So you just do the foundation.

Um, a lot of times clients just want to get a foundation and they've got someone on their team who can do like the nitty gritty maintenance stuff. Um, that's option one. A lot of times we'll do foundational build and then jump over to more product page development.

Um, and then we're starting to start to get some traction on there after we started to see, um, some of the results that are coming into those product pages, but then we're starting to talk about the CR side of things too. So then it goes from, you know, initial project base and then we're getting a modern tier. So that's pretty normal too.

Um, really, I mean, we know that kind of like remarks and all that, but it really is true for us, um, in the sense that not all brands need to have 50 different landing pages all the time. Cause a lot of it come down to, okay, if you only have one product, why do you need to have 50 landing pages? But if you have, you know, a wide variety of products, okay, you're going to need more.

Like that's, that's that, right. So it kind of just depends on the brand in that sense. Um, if we're doing SEO as well, that's a whole other thing to think about.

Um, but I would say most clients with kind of the working relationship is, um, is either foundational build and then CRO and SEO, or just jumping right into CRO and SEO. Um, I guess, depending on, you know, what the client needs at that point. So, yeah, I don't want to sell someone something they don't need.

So, you know, at the end of the day here, we're, we're here to help them and, uh, their sites get enough and we can build on it. Perfect. Um, and, and we definitely diagnosed that we have a lot of clients come to us and they're like, Hey, I need a new website.

And we get in there like, actually don't, you just need this, this, this, this. Um, that's a pretty normal thing. Um, a lot of people don't know that their site's not bad.

They're like, well, it's kind of ugly. I'm like, well, you can do things to make it look prettier that you don't need to rebuild the whole thing. Right.

You don't need to always rebuild. Like you can tweak, you can change, you can modify certain things to do other things too. Um, especially if you're on Shopify 2.0, I'd say more often than not.

Now we're looking at ways to build on their current stuff. If you have a newer theme, you've had a site built in the last year, basically, if you're on 2.0. Um, okay, let's start looking at what we can do to make your current stuff better.

Um, which is, has honestly been a newer thing for us since 2.0 came out. Um, before it was like, you know, we'll have some stores that are just all over the board. It's like, you get a, I got a free Shopify theme.

Then you've got a ton of hard code in there from two different developers and their naming conventions are all over the place. And you're like, I have no idea what's going on here. Uh, we've got one client who's like that right now that we're, we're working on a new site for them.

And, uh, it's funny cause we go in there and we're like, dude, what the heck did you guys do to this thing? And, uh, it's pretty funny cause like, that's a, that's a thing. And you never really know like what you're gonna, you know, you don't really know what you're gonna see until you get under the hood of the store.

Um, but yeah, it really just depends, depends on the client for sure. So is that part of like your onboarding process where you kind of like dive in and audit a little bit and like the internal side before you actually like. Yeah.

Yeah. A lot of times, I mean, so we'll know before we even like fully onboard them kind of where we're going. Um, a lot of times during discovery, I mean, we've got like a pretty solid discovery process so we'll, we'll ask the questions that we need to know.

Um, are you, when, when it was your store built, what theme are you on? Um, analytics info, like we'll ask all those questions. So we know like, okay, this is where we're gonna start.

Um, whether it's foundational or, or more CRO side of things. And even before then, I mean, we can look at a site and be like, okay, this is pretty solid or, Hey, this one needs a lot of help. Um, you know, it's not a perfect system.

Um, but we've been around the block enough times where we have a pretty good idea before the quality of the starts and then just asking the right questions. So. Nice.

Nice. So where can people find you at? Like what's your agency?

And if, uh, you know, if I fit the criteria, uh, watch this video and I'm like, Hey, I want to work with Nick. Um, where can I go? Yeah.

Um, 253media.com for sure. Um, come check us out. Um, or, you know, follow me on Instagram, Twitter.

Really anywhere. Um, Henry two, five, three. Um, and also for anyone listening to this, if you guys have questions about your store, if you want to know, is your store good, if you looking for suggestions, if you don't know if your store is good or not, um, just shoot me a message.

I'm more than happy. We do that all the time. I'm happy to look through, look through stores, give you suggestions, give you pointers, any of that kind of stuff.

Um, yeah. Shoot me a message. We'll make it work.

Maybe. So you said two, five, three media.com. Yep.

So you guys check that out. If you're looking for CRO specialists, you're looking to improve your conversion rates, improve your revenue and basically make more while doing less on the ad side, even less on the ad side than I preached. Oh, I love that.

You definitely need to take out, uh, check out two, five, three media.com. Um, second thing is maybe if we get like 50 likes on this video and you guys drop all y'all stores in the comments below, maybe potentially I could pull some strings to get Nick back on here and we can do a live review of a few stores together. So man, I'm down 50.

We'll do it. We'll do the 50, 50 likes, 50 likes below. And, uh, as long as we get maybe like 10 or 15 stores or something like that, we can quickly go through for an hour review in stores.

Um, let us know, let us know if that's something you guys would like to do. Drop a store below and, uh, your feedback on that. And we'll, uh, we'll definitely have to pull a video like that together.

Yeah. I like it. That'll be fun.

Awesome, Nick. Well, uh, I really appreciate you coming on today. Um, this is definitely a topic that I've been keen to learn more in, uh, definitely a topic that I really didn't provide much value on the side side.

Hey, if you get a lot of common questions in your, your comments, then you need to add that to your site. Um, and there's like a site, like right now we're working with, there's a client where it's like, I know there needs to be a CRO specialist come in here and do it. I just don't know what actions to take, but I definitely know there's this conversion rate needs to be lifted.

So, um, I'm excited to do as well. Kind of, you know, we can talk together about a few projects together as well. So yeah.

Um, definitely excited about that, man. Um, before we hop off any last comments or anything like that before we jump off? Uh, well, the thing.

I say with every single time I jump on one of these, man, it's, uh, take your conversion rate seriously. Um, take your store seriously. People, you know, they think about ads, content, email, and they think about all these things that are the sexy things in marketing.

Websites aren't sexy, right? They're not the cool thing right now. They never have been the cool thing, but they are cool when they work.

So take the time, um, audit your site. Um, make sure you're, you're taking it seriously. Cause that's, that can be the big make or break for a lot of brands out there.

Awesome, man. Well, I appreciate everything you have sent over today. And, uh, thank you again for coming on, man.

Yeah. Hey, thanks, man. It's been an absolute pleasure.

I hope, I hope your audience got some good value out of it. Hope it helps some people. I'm sure they did.

So again, guys, make sure 50 likes drop your store below in the comments. And if we hit those 50 likes, we have a few stores review. We'll definitely make a part two together.

We'll actually review stores live on this channel. Okay. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video.

I really appreciate the support on the channel. If you are new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you liked this video, hit the like button and drop a comment below if your favorite part of the video.

And if you are a business owner doing at least $50,000 per month in revenue, make sure you click the link below to book a call with me, my team. We work with all kinds of businesses between Legion, app installs, to e-commerce, which is more of our specialty in the e-commerce side. Click the link below, book a call with me, my team.

We'll hop on a call together. We'll do a strategy session together. And basically from there, you can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

So make sure you click the link below to book that call with my team completely for free, no obligations or anything like that. Now, if you're doing less than $50,000 per month and you're looking to expand and grow your business, keep watching the channel as these videos are designed to make you more money, level you up as a marketer when it comes down to the Facebook ad side, the marketing side, and learning those marketing fundamentals to help you grow your business and everything like that. There will be a course soon.

It's actually going to go through all of this and break it down to more of a bite-sized piece where it's step-by-step that you can leverage inside of your business. There won't be two further down the line, but we'll keep you guys updated around that. Thank you guys again for watching today's video.

Again, my name is Nick Terrio. Hope you guys have a great rest of your day. Peace out.

Talk to you guys next time.