So you know how I changed my flight to New Orleans? I didn't realize that at 10.56 tonight. And not this morning.

He called me a lot. He said, hey, I fucked up. I tried not to laugh.

I'm like, damn, that sucks. God damn, that sucks. I've never had that happen before.

Wow. That is insane that we were able to get that. They literally closed up the plane, opened it back up, and letting us go on there.

How much time are they boarding it? 12, 10. Thank you for joining us today.

We do apologize for the delay. We certainly get to see you again. It's very good to stay here in Miami.

We made it to Miami. Look at this man wearing glasses on the roof. Miami.

Is he outside or inside? I don't know. Not sure.

Look at this strangler. Look at this strangler. Yeah, it's going to be on fire.

And we had our cheese with alphemy. Alphemy. Or whatever.

This is a pretty solid area. I like this. It's not as crazy as the LA mansion, but penthouse in Miami.

Can't go wrong with it. Yeah, let's go take a look at that. This is how you do Miami right.

This is sketchy. This is probably my 12th time I've been coming in Miami. And this is the spot, which is Brickle.

Brickle's phenomenal. You have a full downtown area. View of the ocean.

You got to see the pool. This is probably one of the craziest pools I've seen in my life. It's like 50 yards long or something like that.

But yeah, you have downtown, all of that. That's Brickle Key right there, which is another really cool spot. This is Miami right.

That's what this is right here. Welcome to Miami. So right now, we are currently recovering after last night.

We had one of too many drinks down in Miami. So we're going to reward ourselves this morning with a nice little breakfast before we go to boxer gym. And we're going to get a little bit of work in.

So we'll take y'all with me. Everyone lost their bags except me because I'm just a very organized individual. And now two people have to go ahead and get all new outfits and everything like that for our little adventure today.

And hopefully the airport calls us and gets their bags for them because yeah, it's like all of our outfits and stuff they need for the next couple of days for going out and all that fun stuff right there. So it's a little hiccup, but we'll make through. That was a year ago that I came here.

So if you pull up like this, I already have the whole menu. How you move, what punches you're going to throw or likely to throw, like you're just like that, very predictable. Same thing, if you're just like this, just like that, very predictable.

You know, I know you're going to want to throw that jab, that one-fit jab from here. I know you're probably, let me go into my stance. You're probably going to want to roll something.

You're probably going to want to parry, roll, jab from here. Very limited. Very limited.

But combine the two of those. Combine here. Bam.

Bam. Bam. Bam.

It's too much to keep up with. So that's what's on the menu for us today. Jab, jab, breathing, rhythm.

That's it. Breathing. Last but not least.

Last but not least. Oh. Oh.

Your feet is one of your greatest moves. So. Cross.

Okay. I can see it, I'm gonna let your mind say, please. Alright guys, just finished up a session with Vic, my man Vic.

Second time I've trained with him, I've been knowing him for about a year now at Jeremy's Mastermind. Vic, how many, I mean, you've been your professional boxer, right? Yes, sir.

How many professional fights you had? So right now, my record is 16 wins, two ties, and four loss. Yeah, that's fucking amazing.

I've been doing it for 10 years now. And where can people find you? You're in what, Miami?

I'm here in Miami at Boxer Gym. Come to Boxer, come get to know the facility. You'll have a day pass, get to know myself, and the other trainers here.

We all got good stuff for you. Highly, highly recommend if you're in Miami to come stop by with Vic. If you're interested in boxing, whether it's just for the fitness aspect, or like me, who wants to one day do a professional fight, then this is the guy right here to start coming and learning from me.

Absolutely, huge win today. Just like I said, just coming here to expand my mind, get around higher level people, just to fine tune those little things. That's exactly what you helped me out a lot today.

So I really appreciate that. Hey, I appreciate that feedback, bro. You did really good.

And like I said in the middle of the session, the biggest thing for you is just gonna be reps. Get your reps in, get your time in, spend time with the craft. Just, man, I can't tell you how far that goes.

Just you getting acquainted with the bag, how it feels to throw a good punch, how it sounds to throw a good punch, all of that makes you a better fighter. Amazing. Thank you so much, Nick.

All right, my man. All right, y'all. Tune in.

Boxer, Victor, Nick, we out. Every night, every day. Every night, every day.

Every night, every day. Every night, every day. Look it up, look.

That's what, that's just like, why? You never know what you're gonna see though. You can see Brian Cowsley, you can see Jamie Foxx, you can see Andy Murphy.

Get y'all comfortable. Oh, bro. Yeah, but man, I'm just chilling, and they're just like standing at me, waiting for me to wave.

It's like, dude, I don't know you. You better put on a party all the time. Oh, dude, yeah, 100%.

100%, you know. I'm not struggling. I am not struggling.

You are not struggling. I am not struggling. No too struggling.

Bye bye. Don't. Move over.

I'm getting this motherfucker right now. Hey, hey, back it up. Back that shit up.

Here we go. Oh, shit. Oh, shit.

Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit.

Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit.

Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit.

Oh, shit. What the fuck? What's going on, guys?

Welcome to the new crib. We were in a yacht having some fun for the day, getting the full aspect of Miami and all the great things it has to offer. By the way, welcome to Miami.

Again. That's like the third or fourth time. I need your time to not give up.

I'm not going to cry. I'm not going to cry. I'm not going to cry.

No. I'm not going to cry. I'm not going to cry.

I'm not going to cry. I need you to cry. That's like what the fuck?

Why did you cry? I need you to cry. I need you to cry.

Good morning, everyone. It is officially day number three of Miami. And today we're going to Jeremy's Mastermind, so let's go have some fun.

have some fun. That's also the notice of why I'm not running from Miami. I mean a URUS.

Because our Lamborghini in general, because I want blind spot blinds. I'm a lazy American. I just want to be able to see a glowing dot and either move or don't move.

Welcome guys. We're at Jeremy's house. Did we show them?

You showed them the URUS? Show them Jeremy's rolls. Rolls.

The Ferrari. I'm pretty much like kicking nicotine. I'm kind of proud.

You got the red. You call us a rainbow crush? Sure.

It's clear to me that the path I was going down was not going to be the path that made the most sense to hit that target. So as an example, you got to sell yourself and have it more staff. You got to sell yourself that you could charge more and why you're going to be worth charging more.

Like when I made the change and I thought to myself, I could charge 100 G's in a month. There was a new level of certainty and confidence that was bred into me as an individual. Okay?

Immediately upon thinking, I'm going to give people a baby 100 grand a month. My confidence and certainty levels changed humanity. The why you are currently viewing what you're doing is unrealistic.

The solutions to those things and the reasons that pay me. The Loop Mission. Right in..

Alright guys, we are just finishing up Jeremy's Mastermind. Stayed there for a couple hours, got some pretty good lessons and stuff like that. Definitely a couple of good key takeaways we're going to start implementing inside of the agency.

This is easily one of my favorite things to do. As y'all have seen with the boxing coach, for example, we went training with yesterday. What we're doing today with Jeremy.

Essentially getting in the right rooms that just cause you to think differently. You may think you know it all until you come to one of these events and you're like, Holy shit, either A, I don't know it all or B, maybe there's something you're struggling with. You come to one of these events and all of a sudden it just gives you more perspective on things that you can be doing to further level up.

So it's really cool. I try to surround myself between health, wealth, love. I try to have coaches in everything in my life and that's purely just so I can consistently keep learning, developing, growing and easily one of the most valuable investments you can possibly make in your life.

So let's go and now reward ourselves with a nice cold Margarita by the pool. We're headed back to the Icon and Brickle. So we'll see y'all over there.

What's going on, Clark? Yeah. Nick, nice to meet you man.

All right. This is cool bro. This is how you ride in style bro.

It's like, these are the little things that like when you start to make money you don't realize. Like when you want to make more money, these are the little things you don't really think about of like, oh yeah I want to make more money. I can fly first class.

So like I want to make a little more money so I can get this place. But then it's like, oh well maybe like instead of driving to the restaurant, maybe want to take an Uber Black. Then instead of taking an Uber Black, maybe want to take a Sprinter van every time I go to America.

It's like, those are the new levels of like you don't really think about that just make you want to make a fuck a little more money at the same time. Which I love. I love it a lot.

Right now, we are currently heading to Chicago Fire versus, CJ, what do they call? Inter Miami. Inter Miami?

Yeah. Inter Miami versus Chicago Fire. So obviously we're going for Miami.

And my first ever soccer game I've been to professionally. So it'll be a fun time. Maybe in August.

They did a good job. You should. You should.

You should. You should. You should.

You should. You should. You should.

You should. You should. You should.

You should. all right so number one first thing as we film this little outro hope y'all can hear me because I know the wind and stuff like that this beautiful absolutely beautiful Miami brickel background for y'all but number one thank you Christina for the amazing whiskey an absolute amazing gift y'all saw her in the blog she's one of my inner circle students so if you're interested in a circle program click the link below second thing first off there is a lot of craziness in this vlog this was it was a fun weekend I do have to say that you know we did a lot of really cool stuff this is not every day this is one day or three days out of every three months I'm a huge huge believer and just like really long periods of time and just hardcore focus and make a fuckload of money for my clients and my students and then come splurge have a little fun and then back to the grind for the next 90 days so it's not a day-to-day life of mine but it is fun and it's motivating and it's you know stretching yourself just a little bit more to raise those standards of like hey you know how can I get a you know uber black everywhere I go how can I get a sprinter van to bring me to a nice five-star restaurant every night of the week how can I drive a Lamborghini Urus every day and it poses those new questions and it poses those new ideas that make you want to make more money and at the end of day which is just come back now it's a value you bring to the table for everyone else so thank you all so much for watching I hit the like button that's to try out for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and drop a comment below where you guys well want me to go next which I want me to do next with these vlogs I try to do one a month and that's been a couple months since we did the LA vlog so sorry about that but drop it below hope you have a good rest of your day peace out see you in two years see you in two years yeah I know DJ arrived 15 so you know I changed my flight to New Orleans I didn't realize that at 10 56 tonight and not this morning I tried not to laugh I'm right there that sucks but god damn that's fucking funny this is fun yeah very fun love I'm missing I'm missing the lake love it go to Atlanta so we thought y'all thought that was the outro but right now it is yeah time to go home and um you know it's Sunday right now it's 10 a.m. we're supposed to be on our flight right now home and now that flight doesn't leave till Tuesday so we got another two extra days in Miami now we're about to have some fun probably uh get a hotel in Miami Beach and uh pick the vlog back up what's up guys bro we're not leaving till Tuesday now wait what y'all hey let me show you he's like what son of a bitch yeah dude there's no fights we're fucking with you and now we're not leaving till Tuesday she said they they're getting a whole bunch of fights canceled so good luck with yours we're fucking a hotel and we're going I mean we're staying on Tuesday now so I'll come to a hotel my bag's checked so I can just Uber back oh my god we um we need to go to the customer service desk dude again so I'll never leave it Garrett and Zach need their bags so I did not have a bottle of a cell where we're going to go next I love Miami an extra two days in Miami I'm good I'll live this line I said please come fucking wow you want some socks?

you don't have any clothes I'm good thank you though I think I was able to thank you too good oh thank you you did I'll go thank you and thank you thank you