What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I'm going to be talking about what to do after finding a winning ad, what's some of the next parts of scaling up that creative outside of the ad account from more of a creative production standpoint. So before we get started, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, that's because I've done over $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads for my clients. I run a Facebook advertising agency and I also coach mentor students.

Both those links can be found below. Now before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday and let's dive into the video. So stages of scaling an ad account, we focus more on the creative production side, but also to like what to do after finding a winning ad as well.

So I need you to kind of see everything, how I see it. And that's like my goal with this video of what you do after you find a winning Facebook ad. So first off, you have different stages of an ad account.

You have the testing phase where you're testing different combinations of desires, awareness and sophistication levels together to ultimately find your dominant messaging. Now, if you're new to the channel desires is what people want. Awareness levels is how close or how far they are to your product as a solution.

And then market sophistication is how many products like yours they've seen already before yours. So, you know, for example, if you've never even heard about Facebook ads before, I would have to go in and teach you guys about Facebook ads, how Facebook ads work before I can even talk about these things. But because you guys have already seen a lot about Facebook ads and know it comes down to marketing fundamentals, I can talk about cool things like this.

That's a simply good example of more sophistication. Now, in this testing phase, you're gonna try a lot of different ad combinations based off your research. Your research drives everything.

And then that's going to allow you to find a winning ad, which is going to compose your dominant messaging. It's the messaging that works the best. And it's the core image people get after seeing that ad.

So maybe you have a desire for weight loss and awareness of solution aware. So, you know, tight or blue. I saw one from off.

You lose inches, lose inches, not hair or something like that. Um, sophistication. Obviously that's me a little bit higher because they said not hair.

Uh, so solution aware, they know what they, they know, uh, they want what the product does, but they don't know what the product is. So, you know, 30 days to losing 30 pounds, for example. Um, and then sophistication 30 days to losing 30 pounds without, uh, complex diet and, you know, maybe quit tracking carbs or something like that.

All right. So you have a winning messaging, for example. Now you're going to keep scaling that ad up obviously, but now you're going to get into the scaling phase.

Now the scaling phase, there's two parts of it. There's the Facebook side of increasing the budget, but then there's also the scaling phase of the creative side and the marketing side and the copywriting side. And here is where you want to showcase different unique angles of your dominant messaging.

Each should be captivating enough to keep your audience's attention and refreshing enough to make the main ideal feel brand new again. So you basically want to find your core messaging. And when I say core messaging, I'm not talking about the ad copy, not talking about the headline.

I'm not even talking about what's on the screen. I'm talking about the messaging that people get after seeing that ad. Ooh.

Okay. Like it's that particular desire appealing to that particular awareness, that particular sophistication. Now we can try a whole bunch of different ad copies that, that fit those particular parameters and a whole bunch of different creatives that also fit those parameters.

But as long as they fit those parameters and make sure that they continue to feel new again, so they don't feel refreshing. I mean, they don't feel repetitive and also they're not boring. So we'll take a look really quick.

Um, I have a really good example. I just gave my inner circle students where I give my inner circle students, the actual ads we did this far, but due to clients and clients, not liking their stuff on YouTube. I couldn't do that.

So I just downloaded these ads from obvi because they're like one of the best, like one of my favorite advertisers, uh, for the supplement space and crush it with their creatives and stuff like that. I really like their stuff. So in the testing phase, here's like an example of a couple of different types of messaging, you know, lose inches, not hair.

They're focusing on the desire to lose weight, grow out hair fast. Um, they're talking about the desire to, um, you know, just improve your hair, um, grow out the hair and then tighten loose and skin vice tighten loose skin. Um, is the desire for, you know, again, tighten loose skin.

They're really just calling out the desires, honestly, in the headline itself. Now through their testing, they found the dominant messaging. And again, I'm just making an example of this.

I'm not sure if this is the actual winning ad for them. I'm just making an example. So they found a winning messaging, for example, then from there, they go into the scaling phase and the scaling phase.

This is where we create completely new ads around that. Now they did a lot of photo ads around it, but I would also do some UGC ads. I would also test some very different hooks with the tight and loosen skin.

So for example, tight, loosen skin, tighten loose skin for under a dollar a day. You can also test some other rats specifically around this that still have that same tight and loosen skin, tighten loose skin, but in very different ways they say it, which, um, again, just makes it feel new again. You know how I tightened my loose skin 30 days.

And it's like a testimonial video, you know how I really nipped up this loose skin on me. I don't really know a couple of different ways you could say it, but you could see also too, from a creative standpoint, they're very different creatives. Now I would continue to create very different things like this to continue to keep that messaging alive.

And yeah, that's basically it. So you find your testing, you test a lot of different things, um, all based off research. That's the key thing.

A lot of people get the testing wrong because they don't do it off research. They just do it because they think it's a good idea. And then they find that winning dominant messaging.

Here you go. And then they scale it up by creating a lot of unique things around it that doesn't feel boring and does not feel repetitive. So show you guys an ad account really quick.

Uh, this is one of our accounts right here. Um, this bottom one right here with $60,000 in spin, uh, this is all through February 1st, July 24th. This was the first ad we found from this process right here, uh, for this particular account.

And then over this period of time, we've launched one, two, three, four, five different ads. I think two were videos, two were photos that all were, did not feel repetitive and did not feel boring and were never the same thing, but had the same dominant messaging. Um, we spent about $723,000 on these couple ads right here.

Um, they're still all active February 1st to July 24th, 2023 with a $33 CPL target for this account's 35. So we're actually doing $2 cheaper, which means more money in the client's pocket. And we're doing like a five X robust on that $723,000 right there.

Um, so yeah, we still made the client a cool 3.5, 3.5 million. No, no, no. Two point something million dollars, uh, 2.1 million dollars right there over February 1st to July 24th, 2023.

So hopefully this guy's helps you out solves a lot of your creative issues. I know a lot of people that run into this roadblock consistently and hopefully it helps you out. So if you have any questions, drop them all in the comments, I'll do my best to answer them for you.

Hope you have a great day. Thank you for watching the like button and subscribe button. I'll see you guys later.

Peace out.