So we spent about $34,000 over the last seven days for one of our clients. And one of the key things that allowed us to do that was by taking and building creatives that showcase the desire that people have being achieved. Now, that's already been talked about hundreds of times on this channel, but I wanted to take it a step further.

So we already talked about desire, about showing it being achieved, but how can you make that more three-dimensional? And when I say by three-dimensional, how can you look at it from different perspectives and showcase various different ways of a desire being achieved from different angles? And that way you can make your creatives still show the desire being achieved over and over and over.

But now you're looking at it from perspective of different ways to show desire being achieved to make your creative still look fresh every time. And $34,000 over the last seven days, that's only about literally like $5,000 a day. That's still barely like baby money in terms of like what we spend for a lot of our other clients.

But I want to show you guys a couple of these different ways, help you guys out. Just proof right here, last seven days, about $34,000, 1500 purchases, $22 calls per purchase, running our CBO one campaign structure as normal for this particular account. Yeah.

So let's go into this. So number one thing is just showcasing how our product solves their desire. Very, very easy.

Basically, this is just a little bit of the how. That's it. How does our product solve their desire?

If you want to make more money, if you want to scale your brand from six figures to seven figures per month with Facebook ads, this is our unique strategy called emotion baiting. Emotion baiting is simply where you create ads like this that deliver this type of result. Just kind of going a little bit in the how.

How does this product work? I'm not spending a long time here and I'm only talking about like the main thing that people want. I'm not talking about everything the product does.

I'm only talking about the one main thing that our product does to achieve that particular result that they want. That's it. Next one is when and where our product solves their desire.

So, you know, let's say for example, this iPhone right here, like people have a desire for a better camera, you know, that 4k quality. So when and where will this camera satisfy their desire? Well, when, you know, maybe this is like in the morning when you wake up, you're about to film a short, you know, like this particular phone right here, I use for filming all my shorts and like posting on social media.

So it's like in the morning when you wake up, you decide to film your short. That's when that's going to, you know, help you that quality where, well, where are you filming? You know, maybe you're filming in like a studio like this.

Maybe you're filming this in your bathroom. Maybe you're filming this in your office area. Maybe you're filming it from your couch.

And now you have a when and where of where we need to showcase this from a visual standpoint right here. So a lot of times it's like, okay, well, how do I show this desire being achieved? Well, you don't ask yourself the right questions because now it's like, okay, well, let's just show it.

Boom. It's like, well, think a little bit about when, where, when and where will they use this product? That's going to get them this result.

And we want to showcase them getting them this result with this product being in use all we're doing now, how our product will solve their desire over time. So over time basically just means like, you know, Hey, day one, you get this benefit, but over a hundred days, you get this benefit. So, you know, maybe you have like a caffeine alternative.

This is my coffee or I'm drinking right now. Maybe you find like a caffeine alternative, right? So I throw this away day one, you know, you notice the same effects as caffeine, but without the harmful things, the jitters without, you know, the effects of your sleep quality and everything like that, that's day one, right?

But over a hundred days, that's where you start to see desire, you know, like hitting on like the sleep quality over a hundred days, you're just naturally have more energy because you have a proper circadian rhythm. Maybe now you have better focus because now you don't have the caffeine brain going on, you know, you're showing that desire being achieved over time. So just ask yourself over a hundred days of this desire being achieved, what would their life look like?

A lot of supplements help a lot with this. You know, maybe if it's like a weight loss product, showing them losing the weight over the hundred days and then showcasing how their life just gets dramatically better every day, they use this particular product right there. Now, next one is how our product solves their desire better than competitors.

Okay. So, you know, I say a big one right here, I'm going to go back to the iPhone example. I've been using this a lot today while filming this batch of content.

I've been seeing videos of like the iPhone camera quality, like zooming in on a stage and then like the Samsung galaxy zooming in on the stage. And then like, you know, just the noticeable differences when they zoom out of how far they actually are from like the center stage of like the music performance right there. Both have been TV commercials now.

And, you know, one actually looks substantially better than the other. So for the, for that, going back to that camera quality, we're showcasing how it solves it better than the competitors. We're showing things that our product can do that the competitors can't.

So for that desire for getting closeup footage, you know, having a long lens camera in your pocket and we're showcasing that stage right there. We're showcasing a way of how our product can do that better than competitors right there. I think actually Samsung galaxy one compared to an iPhone in that case, I don't remember the exact footage, but I want to say Samsung galaxy actually won that scenario right there.

But again, a visual example of showing how our product beats the competitors a real life example as well. You know, that was an actual ad right there. So easy one to do.

And again, as I go through all of these, you want to stack all of these in your ad. You want to show a lot of visual examples of that desire being achieved from different angles. And these are the different angles that you can leverage in one ad as well.

Just keep that in mind. Next one is experts getting their desire satisfied. So let's go back to the iPhone, for example, let's say, you know, experts in this particular space now or like your tech experts on YouTube.

I used to watch like unbox therapy. I don't know if even you guys ever watched unbox therapy, a really cool guy. He reviews a lot of the new tech and stuff like that and does like an unboxing with it.

He's technically an expert in that space. Give you guys another example. My channel.

If I show you guys a product like triple L, for example, or like motion or foreplay, different types of services and products that I leverage on a daily basis, I'm showing you guys how, Hey, I had a desire for attribution with Facebook. And here's how amazing, you know, triple L has worked for me. So great example right there of me showing how my desire satisfied.

I'll see this a lot in ads online where, you know, you can use like a celebrity, an influencer and stuff like that, that you have permission from legal permission and actually consult it with them as well and pay them to get the video footage or they'll toss in like an influencer or celebrity talking good about the product itself. Another easy way too, is paying for PR. So a lot of those like Forbes articles you see for entrepreneurs, Yahoo finance articles and stuff.

People just pay for those. It's like 300 to a thousand dollars for an article, but you can flex that now in your ad creatives to make yourself look like an authority. And we can showcase that.

Let's say for example, an influencer uses your product. Let's say, you know, I don't know if you guys are in the fitness space, but Jeff side, for example, he's a big time fitness influencer. And if Jeff side, for example, would use your pre-workout and talk about it in the creative of how much energy he has going into every workout.

Now it's like you're showing an expert that people look up to using your product. Then same thing, but with customers. So experts help a lot with like, Oh shit, you know, like that's like the high level.

But the next best thing you can get if you can't get experts is customers, customers who use your product and talking good about the product and talking about how their desire is being satisfied. What was their desire? More energy going into the workout.

You only cut off the clip that says I've been using this product. The last 30 days, I've been getting so many good pumps going into the workout. It's fricking amazing.

I love it so much. That's all you're going to do and talk about. Yeah.

So these are the main things right here that if you can just go film video clips of all of these and stuff them into one video that goes over all of these things, I promise you guys, it's going to help you get such better results with Facebook ads because now you're showing multiple different examples of a desire being satisfied by your ideal customer. It's also going to improve the believability and credibility of your brand, which is going to position you over everyone else. If no one else is doing this in the marketplace.

So hope you all enjoyed this video. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, click the link below.

I help brands go from six figures a month to seven figures per month. Uh, we've helped four brands now. Love to help you be the next one.

Again, just click the link below. Have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. Thank y'all so much for watching.

My name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.