Three questions your Facebook ad must answer or it will fail. Using this guide will allow you to create ads that are just a few tweaks in your ads that'll make them a lot more better in terms of higher converting. And a lot of people miss out on these and quite frankly, it definitely hurts their performance.

So before we get started, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio. I provide this content completely for free for you guys. The intentions of helping you grow and scale your business.

And on the flip side, look, nothing to sell you, no course or anything like that. If you enjoy my content and you need someone else to come in there and help you out, whether it's consulting or actually running your ads, book a call below with me and my team. And we'll actually look at your account and see, you know, what are the quiet, you know, optimizations you need to make to continue scaling and how we can help you.

Now, before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into it. So three questions your Facebook ad must answer or it will fail.

And these are the three things we're going to talk about. More information, proof and mechanism. Without these three things, like I said, your ad will struggle.

And a lot of people miss out on these. So let's go first. More information.

So this is probably where like 90% of you guys are doing good at. You're providing enough information on the product. But this is where like a lot of people really do good at like catching desire, catching attention and stuff like that.

But they don't provide enough information on the product itself. Okay. So show off more examples of the product working, where it works, how it works, different use cases, unbox it, you know, really show it off in multiple different places.

Like use, just use the product, demonstrate it, really getting on those main desires and stuff like that. Like I said, a lot of people are doing a very good job at that. But where they lack is the next two that we're really going to get into.

Okay. So this is kind of like the base where 90% of you guys are doing good. You know, again, for example, let's say it's a clothing brand.

Show off the clothing on a few different models, you know, in a few different environments. Show it out in public. Show it in different locations.

Show it in different scenarios. Going out, eating breakfast, working, things like that. Built clothing.

It cuts clothing. Does a really good job with that in terms of use cases. Show off the different features and benefits of the particular product.

You know, how soft the shirt is, the specific unique benefits of it that are unique to that specific shirt. The features, how it was made, you know, what's what unique features are. It's a special cotton that you can only be harvested once a year in New Zealand because of the perfect climate temperature.

Like, you know, really dig deeper into those specific things around more information. Now, the next one is proof. Okay.

So proof, this is where you're not providing any proof that the product actually works. Okay. So give you guys a few examples.

Let's say, for example, I'm selling you on Facebook ads. Okay. Show you Facebook.

You know, here's how we'll run your Facebook ads. Here's what we'll do for you. You know, provide the more information, things like that, how it works and things like that.

But I don't provide any proof. Okay. Here's everything we'll do for you.

That's it. Boom. This much.

But I don't show any proof that it works. Okay. So here's a few different ways that you can show it.

Obviously, you can do like demonstrations and things like that. But I put that more like the more information side. But proof in terms of, hey, it's worked for others.

So for example, I would add all three of these if I have them. Okay. So testimonial, you know, have a client.

Yeah. Nick Terrio, he helped me help me grow my brand from, you know, zero to a hundred K per month. That boom.

We don't have a testimonial. We're proving to people that, hey, it's working for other people. Case studies.

Okay. Here's how we help the client go from zero to a hundred K per month. Okay.

Interesting. So now he has a testimonial. Other people are loving it.

Here's some case studies of him actually showing off that worked for other people as well. And then lastly, credible authorities. So let's say, for example, I got a Yahoo Finance article.

Yahoo Finance reports Nick Terrio has top 10 e-com marketers. So I'm providing proof from other perspectives that, you know, this product works. This is a true product.

It actually helps people. People are getting results with it. It works.

Okay. So look at testimonials, case studies, credible authorities. These all provide really good things.

Okay. So that's proof. So you need to make sure you provide enough information about the product and everything.

Then you really need deeper onto proof side. Make sure you're actually providing proof. And again, one ad will hit on all three of these key points.

It's not just like some of you guys would like to run like a testimonial ad by itself. Like just create one ad that hits on all of these, provides the information, provides the proof. Then the next thing, which is new for a lot of you guys is mechanization.

Mechanization is very, very important because this is basically describing how the product works. Okay. So this is important here because if you don't describe how the product works, people are going to feel like they're missing that last little bit of logical factor.

Okay. So we're going to hit on the proper desires, the features and the benefits. People want this product.

They love it. They have proof of it. Cool.

But how does it work? That's where mechanization comes in play. That's where you want to describe the process to results.

Okay. So for example here, you know, let's, and again, you would do this in a visual perspective. If you're creating a creative with it, if you're just doing copy, then it'd be just copy.

But obviously you do this in terms of like, you know, video in that terms right there. So, so let's say for example, I'm pitching someone on Facebook ads. Cool.

We provide them the information, the costs, features, benefits of our service and everything. We show them proof it works. But Nick, how does your Facebook ad work, work, you know, process work?

Okay. Now here's where it becomes interesting because Facebook ads specifically, I don't need to tell people how Facebook ads work anymore. A couple of years ago, 2015, you had to, because no one knew how Facebook ads work, but because 99% of our clients come to us that we work with have run Facebook ads already.

And 99% of the time they've worked with an agency. And the problem, the reason why we're having this call is because that agency didn't deliver on the results they were promised. So the mechanism I need to showcase them of how our Facebook ads service works is something different than they've ever seen.

It's a new mechanism to give them a new sense of belief and promise and new hope that Facebook ads can work for them again. Okay. So I just need to give you guys a little backstory for a pitch you guys on this.

Okay. Now, again, that's a stage three market sophistication. Go look at my videos.

I have stages of market sophistication. And if you guys want to dig deeper in this, it's super, super important to position your product correctly amongst the markets. So because I know this person already knows how Facebook ads work, I need to describe the process to resolve that how our product does it better.

And how can I give them a new hope again? So, hey, you know, we already know Facebook ads work for you. So our process to resolve is that we focus on creative.

Okay. It provides the biggest impact results for Facebook ads. That's why we create three high converting Facebook ads a week and find new winners that take your brand to the next level.

So now I'm describing the process. Okay. Oh, okay.

So next one, I'm focusing on the creative side. Create three new creatives a week. We do this by using our proven creative formula.

So they have a specific formula that you use to create a really good creative and launching them inside your account as dynamic creative tests. All right. So I'm kind of going through the whole process.

Then we take those winners and add them to your main ad set. Okay. Okay.

So you take the winners. Boom. This allows optimal optimization for the ad account.

And then you can further go on. This allows the account to continue to get 1% better every day. Allows us to spend more budget at a higher rate.

And it allows us to create the biggest impact in terms of performance. So I'm really digging into how everything works. The process to result.

That's what you have to really think of. Okay. So yes, like the features of this is, you know, we run your Facebook ads, yada, yada, yada.

Benefits make more money, et cetera. But what is the, how does the product work? So your ad needs to answer all three of these.

It needs to answer the mechanization. It needs to go over the process to results. The proof.

You provide proof it's worked for other people. Proof it works just in general. If you have credible authorities as well, provide some proof.

Next thing is more information. Just make sure you're hitting on all the proper features, benefits, how the product works. What does it do?

Where does it work? Everything I'll get. Use cases.

How easy it is to use. Unboxings, et cetera. Like just really just showcase the product in many different ways.

So because of this, then it's like, okay, boom, this hits on point. This hits on point. This hits on point.

And then that's actually going to be able to deliver you a much higher quality click to your site, which then would give you a higher cost or a better cost acquisition because they're more likely to purchase from you. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. And again, these are very three key points right here, because if you don't hit through these in your ads, your ad will fail.

So go look at some of your ads. Look at some of your ads right now. You're currently running and seeing how these could be better improved.

Okay. Don't try to go start something from scratch. Just take ads.

That's already working for you right now and see how you can take these concepts and better improve them for your ads right now. So if you guys enjoyed this video, again, all this content is really free for you guys. If you need help with scaling and growing your business though, from, you know, me coming into your business, click the link below to book call with me and my team.

And we'll go over and see if, you know, what's the best route for you to work with this brother's consulting side, or it's more full service where we run everything for you. Again, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio.

Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Have a great day. Peace out.