Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Cereo and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we'll be diving into a men's fashion brand that we've been working with now for a few months and last month in April, they did $390,000 in revenue. So they're pretty complex account because they do, they are in multiple different countries and languages and things like that. So with that, we do approach that account slightly different than what I normally preach.

So I'm excited to share with you guys on that one right there. So that being said, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday guys, let's get started. So men's fashion brand does $390,000.

This is again for the month of April. It's actually about 371,000 euros, which converts to about 390,000 USD for you guys. Um, we did have a restock towards the end of the month, which allowed us to really amplify the ad spend.

I mean, we started spending, we're from like spending like 2,200 bucks a day to close about $6,000 per day between combine all platforms, Google snap, all that good stuff right there. Uh, yes, we're spending on Snapchat, really fun account to work with. So diving into it just to actually bring this up.

So we just spend, like I said, we did spend about $30,000 and that's 30,000 euros on between Google and snap as well. Um, we spent 80,000 euros on Facebook. So that's going to come out about 110,000 euros, which is going to put them roughly about, I don't know.

It's like over a three X for us. It's good. So now with that being said, diving into the ad account, like I said, it's, it's, we're approaching it slightly different.

And I'm also going to give you guys a real time, kind of like what we're working on right now and testing. So this is also the least sexy part of the YouTube side where we're testing things to figure out what works best for an account before we go all in with one way or the other. So as you can see right here, we have our standard creative testing campaign.

You've seen tons of times on our account, on our channel. You also can see our top of funnel ABO, and they also see scaling bestseller CBO. These are both top of funnel campaigns and they both have the same ads inside of it.

It's just structured slightly different. And I'm going to tell you guys that in a second, and we still have a retargeting campaign. Like this is like the only account.

I think we only have two accounts out of our nine clients. We only have about two counts that still have a retargeting campaign. And it's mostly very, very high skew stores and a high skew store basically means they have tons of different products, all with the same selling persona.

And we can just run one broad retargeting catalog. It does work in majority of the cases right there. As you can see, it's definitely not anything crazy.

I generally like to see about a five to six X ROAS on retargeting and also a low frequency, but you can see right here, their frequency is about 27 for April. So we can actually probably pull back on that spin a little bit as well. So just looking at it from that side.

Now let's actually dive into this because I know you're probably like, well, Nick, you said broad, you said CBO, you said yada, yada, yada. So again, like I said, some accounts we do have to approach slightly different and some stuff we're also testing in real time to figure out what works best for that account. So this is going to dive into ATS.

And if you don't know how I name my stuff, I basically have these three digit or three letter identifiers on all of my campaigns. And so like ATS top funnel, TOF, scaling bestsellers, bestsellers, DYN retargeting catalog, MTS main creative testing campaign. So I use these three digit identifiers and then my ad sets all have that three digit identifier with a number string attached.

That way, if I say turn off ATS two to my media buyer, he can go in that account and turn off ATS two. So very simple. All right.

So the first one is ATS, which is against our, our ABO campaign. And this is where, again, just having a very high understanding of Facebook ads, how they work. I'm not using ABO in your traditional route.

Your traditional way you're looking at ABO is probably, oh, let me upload five different audiences and put an ABO so that way I can control the spin to those. Whereas this way, it's basically looking at it from the perspective of an ABO campaign to house each of my scaling campaigns in that sense. So basically, um, we needed a way to break apart the account.

So like, how do we break apart the account when we're looking at it from a language perspective? Some people might do different ad accounts. Okay.

There's no reason for that. Some people might look at it from a perspective of different campaigns. That's also not a bad idea, but if we're running broad and we're not doing audience testing, there's no point of creating a whole campaign around it.

So can we still do just do one campaign and each ad set be a different language? It's hard getting those respective countries with those specific, um, languages. So that's what we did.

So basically we have like Dutch, which is all the Dutch speaking countries, German, all the Germans speaking, uh, countries, English, all the English speaking French, yada, yada, yada, Spanish. Yeah. So we kept it very simple.

Dutch is actually the primary location is businesses out of, um, or it's actually like Amsterdam, not our Netherlands is where they're probably relocated out of. So that's why they are just naturally crushed in that area. Um, and like Germany, English, things like that.

These are also some of our other main ones. And as you can see right here, we're scaling up each country or each language versus countries and things like that, because it allows us to group all the ads with that same language and a more easier way. So that's essentially that it right there.

So all of our German ads, boom, ads that are in German. Okay. Um, we actually use the same creative across all these different countries.

Um, we just use different ad copy. That's it. It's all I've been exchanged.

Okay. So that's one route, basically ABO campaign broad for everything. But what we're doing here is we're essentially doing, we're testing different, uh, languages in that sense.

Now the other one is, is exactly how we took over this account. When we originally took over this account, we just did one campaign, one ad set. And what we did was, is we just did English for every single country we're targeting it.

Okay. So we did English in every country. And at the time, this is back in October of 2021, we were still doing interest at the time.

Um, so recently we just turned this one back on. We haven't tested abroad yet, but that is on the plan of action, our plan of action for this particular account. And as you can see right here, you know, that's it.

It's just basically all of our top countries and then all of our ads are inside of that. So that is these two particular campaigns, um, scaling best sellers, one ad set inside of it and boom. Now, ATS top of funnel, again, multiple different countries, languages, and things like that inside of it.

But look at this from this perspective right here. Okay. Cause I know some of you guys like, well, Nick, one account has all broad one, one campaign has all, uh, has a, has an interest.

What, how can you compare that to? Well, this is also something I want to compare it to right here in this perspective, scaling best sellers and our top of funnel campaign. One of them spent four times more than the other.

Okay. We spent 56,000 euros in our top funnel campaign on broad, um, and scaling best sellers at 13,000. Now broad top of funnel, we had a 1.47 row as a $76, or euro cost per purchase scaling best sellers, but an $87, um, $87 euro cost per purchase.

And guess what? That one right there is targeting an interest. So this just goes back to my theory of with yes, interest might show short term cost per purchase, lower cost per purchases, but as you scale up and spend more, they gradually go up a lot higher than say your top of funnel broad.

So, yeah. So that's pretty much it, uh, going further into this. Um, our creative testing is definitely a mess because we basically do each a batch per language.

So we have new English ads. We go create batch 13, call it English. Boom.

We have new France ads or French ads. We'll go in. Boom.

We have new Spanish ads. Go in, create a new batch. Boom.

So it's definitely a little, like I said, a lot more complex. And we also noticed a ton of attribution loss on this account, because as you can see right here, you know, the robust realistically ain't that high inside of the ads manager, but overall, they're doing about three to four X row as, and they're spending 90% of their spin on, or 80% of their spin on, uh, Facebook. So if we blow her their Facebook spend, they're all their sales drop.

So they are suffering from a huge attribution loss. So that's why we are, we did get them on triple L as well. Now other actions we're taking, um, ad account, we're spending 15, 30 minutes a week on very simple to go through.

I say that, I say that way too conservatively 30 minutes to an hour a week. We're spending on the ad account. The other hours, multiple hours we spend on this account is audience research.

We're constantly looking at the audience, researching it. We're scripting out a couple ads for them to film. Um, and then we're copy testing, editing new videos for them to test.

So that's it. I keep it very simple. Um, we're only focusing on the high converting actions.

It's gonna make them more money at the end of the day. So yeah, guys, thank you guys so much for watching this video. Uh, hope y'all enjoyed, make sure the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and leave a comment below.

What was your key takeaway from this video, uh, that you may go ahead and apply into your business. So, uh, thank you guys for watching. If you're making at least $50,000 per month with your business, click the link below to put call me and my team.

We'll do a strategy session together. Um, we basically take that strategy, build for you and you can go and do it yourself. Um, or you have the option to work with us.

If you choose now, if you're making less than 50 K I'm up, keep watching the YouTube channel. These videos are designed to make you more money at the end of the day. Um, and I do have, of course, on the horizon, that's just going to teach you how to be a, become a better marketer, uh, which is what drives all this performance that we basically do.

So I thank you guys for watching the like button. And, uh, yeah, my name is Nick Theriot. Peace out guys.