We recently just created a new mechanism for one of our clients that allowed us to help them do over $200,000 a month in revenue with their Facebook ads. Now, what is a unique mechanism? How do you create one?

What does it look like? All of those good things. We'll be diving into today's video, but I first want to showcase just essentially the numbers and stuff like that.

We've been scaling this client over the last four weeks. They first started off with this around 60, 70K a month in revenue. And just in the last four weeks, we've been able to collectively hit, actually came at like $196,000.

But long story short, we're marketers here, 200K a month in revenue. And we're going to be further continuing to scale this client. And majority of the success of this client has actually been our ability to go ahead and penetrate a very saturated marketplace and create a unique mechanism for a client and then be able to promote that through Facebook ads.

So this is just the top winning ad right here. You can see over the last four weeks, we've spent over $22,000 just on this one ad itself. We're advertising in three different locations.

So that's why, you know, it's actually three different campaigns as ads live. And so just to be clear of why it's the same ad, duplicated three times, $20 cost per lead, $1,100 leads, $22,000 spent. And again, just to show you guys those numbers one more time.

Now, this is actually the winning ad creative that we're using right now. And there's a lot of stuff going on here. So number one, we're saying we have the headline, we have the actual creative design itself.

We have this little photo right here on top of like, additionally, what's going on here. So let's just kind of break this down. So first off the headline, viral new laser treatment vanishes acne in 30 minutes.

Who are we calling out people who have acne? That's the big market of people we're trying to penetrate in right now. And then we're introducing a new mechanism, a new way to achieve a result that they've been trying to achieve.

Then we kind of have this image right here of someone actually doing the treatment right there to actually introduce the new mechanism and create curiosity, understand what this mechanism is. And then we're showing a girl right here with perfect clear skin to showcase that like desired result that people are trying to achieve. So let's kind of go a little bit further into this.

What is the new mechanism? Well, first off, you need to understand what is a mechanism in itself, right? A mechanism is simply just a process and specifically a process to result.

So a process simply just steps to follow to achieve a result. So if we look at like the process to cook a burger, right? You got to like buy the meat, you got to prepare the patties, you got to put seasoning and stuff on it, you put it on the grill, you flip every five, 10 minutes, depending on the temperature, you take them off, you put them on bread, you put your toppings and stuff, you put the top bun on, and then you eat it, right?

Like that's the process to cook a burger. So when I'm looking at a new mechanism here, all I'm simply talking about is a new process to result that I want to introduce to my target market here. Now, the reason why we need a new process to result is because all of the other processes that my target market has tried has failed.

So you will continue to search for a new mechanism. As long as the others have failed you, a lot of you guys watching this YouTube channel, you know, you've running Facebook ads right now, you're either scaling an e-com store, lead gen business agency, things like that. Long story short, you're spending money on Facebook ads.

And there's been a lot of different strategies, aka processes, you followed over the past couple years of different ways to run Facebook ads. You've tried duplicating campaigns, you've tried top of funnel, middle of funnel, bomb of funnel, past purchases campaigns, you tried cost caps, you tried bid caps. All of these are different mechanisms to catch your attention and give you new hope if you've never tried it before.

So it's important to understand because once you start to realize what a mechanism is and how everyone is just simply trying to dish out their own unique mechanism to sell you on something or like, why does things like, Oh, I've never tried a bid capsule before. We need to hurry up and try this now. A new mechanism, you've never tried it before.

It gives you a new sense of hope. And that's the key thing there. A new mechanism gives you a new sense of hope that this thing that I'm trying to achieve will probably be possible with this mechanism.

And you will continue to test new mechanisms until you find one that's successful for you. So for me, for example, I've been solidified on like the single CBO structure, specifically one CBO per business objective. So I'm not just running one CBO and the entire ad account is just one CBO per business objective.

And I've been solidified on this process because I've tested a lot of mechanisms over the last 10 years of me running Facebook ads. And the last three years, this particular mechanism has produced me the best results. So for me, I'm completely a hundred percent sold on this mechanism.

There will be other people that will say completely opposite. They'll say C bid caps. They'll say cost caps.

Everyone has their own mechanism or process to result. This is mine. This is why I share it to you guys because I have a hundred percent conviction and confidence in it because I've tested it so many times and it's always been proven to be successful.

So now you understand mechanisms. And in fact, literally this whole video is introducing a new mechanism. I'm introducing a new way to help you scale Facebook ads.

And now you're learning about this and you're going to see this all over the internet and stuff now. And now you're going to go and try to recreate this with your ads. So let's go and like start breaking down our original headline here.

So viral new laser treatment vanishes acne in 30 minutes. So the first thing I've understand viral new, this, this is just literally filler words. It doesn't really do anything to be fair here.

It's filler words because if I just say laser treatment it vanishes acne in 30 minutes, it just feels like it's incomplete, but the, the main meat is there for like, you know, like the, the key things, but the filler words viral new, just filler words. Now the laser treatment is the mechanism, the process to result. So you can give your product, whatever name you want, whatever, whatever you want to name your mechanism.

You can, that's completely up to you. That's your own unique mechanism. Like for me, for example, my unique mechanism is what I call the motion baiting.

Emotion baiting is simply when you call out various different emotions that people, people want to feel, or people want to desire things like that. And I call those out in the ad creatives, lure people in and then sell people on how my product can help them get that. That's emotion baiting.

That's literally just copywriting one-on-one. It's no different that I just simply took an existing process and renamed it and gave it a slight little twist to make it sound new. That's a new mechanism.

Now viral new laser treatment vanishes acne in 30 minutes, vanishes acne is what people desire. You can't just say viral new laser treatment in 30 minutes. It's like, what the fuck is that for?

So you still have to call out what people desire, what problem people struggling with, what people want. Like you still have to call out what people give a fuck about, uh, to be able to introduce a new mechanism for it. So for example, the desire for vanishing acne, there's a ton of different solutions out there.

So me simply calling out viral new laser treatment vanishes acne, we're alluding to the idea that this is a new way to get there. A new hope is being introduced into prospects minds. Now in 30 minutes, why people should care.

So if I just say viral new laser treatment vanishes acne, it's not necessarily wrong. We're calling out a new mechanism. We're calling out a desire, but the problem here is that why should people give a fuck about this mechanism?

Viral new laser treatment vanishes acne, but then like we go into it and this mechanism is extremely expensive. It takes years and you have to do a hundred things a day to do it. It's like, Oh God, that's horrible.

I don't want to do that mechanism. Whereas if I say viral new laser treatment vanishes acne in 30 minutes, this is putting people in people's mind before they even look at that ad or before they go click on the landing page and learn more about this mechanism. It's giving people context of why they should give a fuck about this mechanism right here.

So that's the crucial thing. You either need a speed, you need a simplest, like a simplicity perspective. You need a size perspective, or you need a, without what people hate.

And we'll talk a bit more about that in a second. So here, how do you actually create a new mechanism? So the first things first is that your product needs to be different.

If we go after an existing desire in the marketplace. So like, let's say for example, we we've gone after a couple of existing desires in the marketplace, right? Like we're going after an existing desire right here, which is vanishing acne, but we're introducing a whole new process.

You know, this laser treatment that people have never, never heard of before. So I've done this a few times. Now I'm seeing some tremendously good results back in 2020, when I was scaling metal address signs.com, what we did was is we went after people who were like looking for gifts for their wife, girlfriend, specifically targeting men looking for gifts for their wife or girlfriend.

And we just basically said like the perfect gift for your sweetheart, or when was the last time you surprised your sweetheart? And then boom, we introduced this metal signs, these personalized metal signs. And at the time we were like one of the only people that were promoting metal signs.

And we were able to, you know, pretty much rapidly scale to 10k a day. Like we were cruising at like $500,000 a day. And then we changed the desire and went after an already existing desire that people were promoting other various products to stuff, animals, flowers, like a bunch of bullshit like that.

And we were the first people to introduce a new mechanism, which was metal signs, personalized metal signs for your sweetheart. We did this again back in 2000 and I think 23, the paint by numbers brand. And I know we've already talked about this before with like girls night and things like that.

We called out, Hey, like for the girls who want to have a fun girls night, there was other people promoting to girls night, but there was no one that was promoting paint by numbers kit for girls night. So we're the only people promoting a paint by numbers for girls night. And we introduced a whole new process result, a whole new way to have fun on girls night that they haven't done before.

So again, a new mechanism is specifically for saturated markets. You just have to understand that your product has to be completely different than other products already being addressed to that market. If we go back to this, it's like for the laser treatment.

It's like, you can take pills, you can put topicals on your face. There's like skin pills and stuff like that, but there's no laser treatments that are like, you know, like this one specifically. So that's the key thing there.

It's completely different processes result. That's how you introduce a new mechanism. Now, another thing is, is that your product can be altered, right?

So like you can go and introduce a new product, but it's the same product everyone has, but it has to be altered drastically. And I'm going to show you some examples here in a second, but like, let me just give you an example real quick, like the iPhone, right? Like the iPhone hasn't had a new mechanism in a long time, right?

Like a couple of notable ones was Siri that popped up. I think you had FaceTime that came up a little bit down the road. I messages, like you have a couple of different new mechanisms that are dropped into the phone over time.

Right. But for the most part, like nothing's really changed. Oh, and the camera, right?

Like a bigger battery every year is not a mechanism. A larger screen every year is not a new mechanism. It's a totally new thing that's added to the product that creates a whole new experience with that product.

So like, for example here, um, like one of my favorite industries to study. And like, this is like a great example right here. Like if you want to get better at paid advertising, go study fucking ads every day.

And the other day I was in the store, specifically in the golf store. And like, I just saw like all the golf clubs and new different mechanisms and stuff that each golf club had respectively. And it made me just go and spend like a couple hours, just digging deep into golf ads.

And like, this is a great example right here where we're showing the desired result, desired result. Like if you play golf, nothing beats just that nice, solid contact on the ball. And it's all just soaring.

It's just like a perfect shot. So we start off with a little side and then introduce a new mechanism, right? So in this particular video right here, we introduce this pinnacle three iron.

Like it's this iron thing that's on the club face right here that just helps propel the ball substantially further. And like it even shows it right here, boom. And it's in action.

So like this whole ad is around that new mechanism. And if you look at golf clubs, there's hundreds of different golf clubs to choose from. So what's going to stand out for you?

So if you're going to introduce a product that people have already done before, you have to get it altered drastically, right? You can't just do a bigger screen and a larger battery. Not saying that's incorrect.

That's just not a new mechanism. There is periods of time where we go to a stage four sophistication, where stage four is just a better product. It's the same mechanism, but better.

That's when we do better screen or bigger screen, better battery life, higher res camera and stuff like that. But introducing two cameras or three cameras instead of just one, that's a new mechanism right there. So the product has to be altered drastically, right?

Another really good example here is like in the supplement space where like, if you want to compete in the supplements and everyone has the same creatine, right? Or everyone has the same multivitamin, right? You add in ingredients to where your product is the only one with saffron in it, or your creatine is the only one with like testosterone boosting zinc and like a couple other things right there, right?

So like you add in other ingredients to a supplement to basically go ahead and make your product have a new mechanism in it right there. So that's also another way to, you know, kind of stay, stand out in the ingredients or supplement space. Now, the next thing that people get wrong with new mechanisms is that your mechanism has to be better, right?

Like you can't just introduce a new mechanism and like the new mechanism just be worse, right? Or the same, right? That's where like I see a lot of people struggle.

They'll be like, well, Nick, like I went ahead, I found a desire for like girls night and then I introduced a new mechanism, a new product for it that no one else did. But like the product looks fucking trash. Like people have zero believability, like people are playing around the product and it looks like they're dull and like basically having a horrible life.

It's like, well, yeah, no shit. Like your ad creative does not match with the desire you're calling for, like the new mechanism or everything like that. So that plays a huge role right there.

So your mechanism has to be better. There's a couple of things that I've seen that just make it better speed, price, simplicity without they hate. And then I'm also going to add more benefits or let me put larger benefits.

Okay. So let's talk about speed real quick. Obviously we talk about speed in here, viral new laser treatment vanishes acting in 30 minutes.

To be fair, this is a $3,500 product that is sold over telephone, right? And you can see this real quick right here. You know, like that's how we only need 17 cells to make 59, almost $60,000 in revenue right there.

Right. But the key thing here is that we're only focusing on speed because people have acne just wanted off their face as fast as possible. So we really want to hammer the speed aspect of this.

We're not trying to compete on price here. We're competing on speed. So like topicals and like all these other things, they take a long time, blah, blah, blah, blah.

So I don't want to focus on that. So I'll only focus on speed. Next thing is price.

Now I do not like competing on price at all, but let's say for example, if we look at like Lumi, right. Or Rose skin co let's see Rose skin co I'll always like to highlight them and stuff in our ads and everything like that. But if we go look at Lumi, for example, right?

$189. So their mechanism is cheaper compared to like laser hair removal, hair removal price per year women. Right.

So like, if we go right here, like on average, it costs around between $600 to $5,000, you know, full course typically cost about 600 initials and required touch ups. So like, that's a lot more expensive than just coming right here and buying Lumi for $189. So this is when price makes sense.

But I don't want y'all to think like, Oh price. All right. My, my buddy is selling a soda water for $2.

I'm going to sell it for a dollar. I'm smart. Fuck no.

So your, your new mechanism, if you're going to compete on price has to be cheaper, but like, I'm not calling it, I'm not trying to be cheaper than like other people that have the same mechanism. We just want to compare it to relatively new things. So like in this case right here, we're competing with people who can't afford laser hair removal calls because it costs anywhere between 600 to $5,000.

And I dominantly want to focus on the fact that our product only is $189. So it makes it cheaper. Now the next thing is simplicity.

And I don't really have an example for you guys today for simplicity, but there's mechanisms out there that are like really what I would say, like complex, right? Probably one of my favorite examples is literally just what I teach in terms of like my ad account structure for Facebook ads. Like I do one CBO campaign per business objective.

So I'm not running one CBO campaign per ad account, but I would say 50, 60% of the time, I do only have one CBO campaign per ad account. It's very easy to leverage this. I just put new creatives in that CBO campaign once a week and they either gain spin and improve performance, or they don't gain spin because they're not good creatives.

And then I turn them off and I add in new creatives once a week and I just keep cycling in. So I'll find new winning creatives that allow me to scale. So it's very simple.

Whereas back into, if you literally go on my YouTube channel, look at 2020, 2021, I was preaching a scaling campaign, a testing campaign, a bomb, a funnel campaign, a middle of funnel campaign, an audience testing campaign, a past purchases retargeting campaign. I was preaching like five, six, seven campaigns at a time that like people had to manage. It was very, very difficult.

Then I found a more simplistic approach that also generates significantly better results. All of the accounts we've shifted off of running multiple campaigns and just going broad targeting or advantage plus targeting now, and just focusing on new creatives. We've seen substantially better results.

We spending less time in the ad account on average, we only spend 10, 15 minutes a day and not even 10 minutes. I was a five to 10 minutes a day inside of an ad account versus the four to five hours we were spending back in 2020. So I have a more simplistic process now that also achieves much better results.

So that's why I like that mechanism because it's simple and better. Now, the next thing is without what they hate. So there's certain mechanisms that people like just essentially hate something about the mechanism, right?

So like, you know, it technically could be one of these, the speed, the price, simplicity, and usually it's what it kind of falls and falls in here, right? So like if people hate something about a current mechanism, we would essentially just make our new mechanism without that thing that people hate in there. Now, the last one is larger benefit, right?

So we talk a lot about Facebook ads. We talk about different Facebook ad strategies and stuff like that. There'll be some people that just believe that they need a new strategy to hit like 500k, 600k a day or a month and things like that.

So like essentially just highlighting the fact that like this new mechanism, this new strategy helps them achieve that larger benefit right there. So that's just key things right there for new mechanism. But the main things you're going to see is speed, price, simplicity.

That's going to be the main ones. And these are just like extra things that we can also do to like make our mechanism competitive. Now, next thing is like long story short, if your new mechanism doesn't have any of this, you will not scale.

Now you don't need all of them. You just need one. Now, how do you actually create a creative around this?

Look, we've already kind of talked about it. You write your headline, you slap it on an image, and then your landing page will be more focusing on like highlighting this new mechanism, explaining this new mechanism, why you'll love it, transformations, all of those good things. You also want to kind of highlight and like create some curiosity here, right?

You know, we, you don't have to do this particular creative type, like don't be brain dead about this. The main key thing here is calling out the new mechanism, highlighting a new mechanism, and also to showing that desired result. We have plenty of them as well, where it's just this and the desired result.

And that works just as good as well. Now, from a video ad perspective right here, we'll write our hook. This is for my girl who's who need to grow sign soon.

Then I'm going to show the benefits of this new mechanism. The girl's having fun using this product. Then I'm going to go into how this new mechanism works.

Because again, a new mechanism is a new process to result. So what's this new process to result that people need to take? And then I really want to stress the main factors that make it better, right?

So this is just like really hitting on like, why? Like, let's go back to this. Here's how this laser treatment works.

And here's why it's better than everything else that you've done before. One, you only need three 30 minute sessions. Two, you're going to spend substantially less money over time.

It's a big upfront investment, but relative to everything that you've already spent and stuff like that, it's just substantially cheaper than that. 99% guarantee also backed by the FDA. This is an actual FDA cleared medical thing.

That's why I can also be really aggressive in the headline. Don't try this or you'll probably get banned, but we actually have an FDA like legit certification and stuff like that for this client. So, so happens when you deal with real good clients, but yeah, so basically going all that testimonials, objections, and questions recap of the benefits and then call to action.

So these are all the key things that I look at when I'm creating new mechanisms and stuff like that in our ads to help separate us from the crowd, pierce the saturated markets, and then be able to scale within a saturated market by offering people a new opportunity and giving them new hope to be able to achieve a desired result. So if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button and hit that subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to come in your business and actually run your Facebook ads, click link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads.

You have to be doing at least a hundred K a month in revenue first to hop on the call. I'll go over your account, give you some feedback and all those good things right there. Now, maybe you don't want me to run your ads, but you do want me to actually review your ad account, give you feedback, go over your creatives and teach you how to be a better marketer to do things like this.

And you're doing anywhere between 10 K a month to a couple hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue. Then click link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you or if my inner circle group, that's specifically for one-on-one mentoring and also to a little bit of group mentoring as well, where I go over all of these cool things for you to help you scale. With that being said, my name is Nick Terrier.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.