Over the last year, we spent about $2.5 million. Literally, like one hook for this one particular client. Literally helped them go from like 5k a day to averaging like 30 to, I think even at the peak, we even got to about 80, 90k in December.

Obviously that was like Q4 and stuff like that. And big part of it was finding a new hook. And, you know, just good things perspective right here.

It's April 1st, 2023, all the way to March 21st, 2024. 2.5 million in our campaign. Again, using the one campaign structure, that's what we leverage.

That's what works really well for us. Again, we do one campaign per country. And then we also do like one campaign per business objective.

But this particular client, even though they have hundreds of products, they have one business objective and they're in like one main country. So it's about 2.5 million. And the biggest thing with this particular client is that they're using their own hooks.

And just to go reiterate back on the importance of the hook, the hook is what people first see, whether it's a video ad or if it's a photo ad. If it's a photo ad, it's that big text on the photo that grabs your attention. If it's a video ad, it's that first text they see and the visual with it.

Visual is just as important as well as the text. But the hook does three things. It grabs the attention of your ideal customer.

It drives curiosity. Again, curiosity. It makes people want to watch the video or makes people want to click on that photo ad.

And then it also implies a benefit. Implying a benefit just means that if I watch this video or if I click on this ad, this photo ad, there's something I get out of it. So those are the three key things of a hook.

And the original hook this particular client was using was the three reasons why. Three reasons why you should use X product. Now, the problem with this is that if you're not in the market for this product, then this ad means nothing for you.

It doesn't call out the ideal audience. It doesn't imply a benefit because the three reasons why is kind of an implied benefit of like, you know, how it's going to like life change or like impact you positively. And it does drive curiosity, right?

But it doesn't call out our ideal customer. And the reason why is because it's too focused on the product itself. Now, this is a great ad, but it does not scale brands, right?

And it does have its place in the funnel, like your product aware stage, which is that second to smallest stage in the process of people who are actively aware of your product, actively been to your website, and they're just kind of on the fence whether or not you should purchase your product. This is a great ad, but it does not apply to that solution aware or the problem aware or the unaware stage, which provides substantially more selling power. And this is the hook we did use.

This is the hook that took us from 5k a day in revenue to doing upwards 80, 90k a day in revenue in December of 2024 and allowing us to spend $2.5 million over the last year. For the girlies who want a fun girls night soon. Let's look at this.

For the girlies calling out the ideal customer, and we're also calling out the ideal customer with this whole hook. Why? For the girlies who want a fun girls night soon.

Everything about this appeals to one type of customer. It implies a benefit, a fun girls night soon. And it also makes you curious because you want to know, what is this?

Like, I want a fun girls night soon. What is this? And this hits that curiosity.

The number three, it applies the benefit, calls out the ideal customer, and hits the curiosity. It does all of those good things at once. And because of this, this is how we were able to spend $2.5 million.

We were able to reach substantially more people. We became less product focused, and we focused more on our ideal customer. And what happens here is it opens up a whole new level of scale.

Because now you're appealing to people that are not in the market for your product. But that's what marketing is. It's calling out those people that, hey, I know you're not in the market for this product, but you want this thing, a fun girls night.

And here's a product that does it. And it's like, oh, wow, I never knew that before that. And that's where, you know, for me as a marketer, I evolved a ton, was that I stopped focusing on, ooh, who wants X product?

You know, who wants this product right now? I'm looking at that. All right, these people want the product.

Only about 1% of your audience wants the product right now. And that's why you're stuck scaling. Because you're calling out people, hey, you want this product?

Here's the product. It's a very small part of your audience. And it's also very competitive as well.

Because now you're also competing with other people that are saying the same thing as you. I'd say probably like out of 99% of the marketers stay at this particular stage. Whereas the 1% of the marketers make 80% of the revenue because they focus on things like this.

They focus on the market itself and they focus on what they want, what makes them curious, who is our ideal customer. And then they call that out and they showcase in that particular creative how the product achieves that. So I'm not just calling that out and never talking about that.

My whole video is showcasing how this particular product gives them a fun girls' night. I showcase a lot of visual examples in that video of girls' night. I show them having wine.

I show them using the product multiple, multiple, multiple times throughout the whole video to reinforce desire right there. Showcasing them laughing. Showcasing one of the girls saying how she loves coming to Lily's house because Lily always has these fun activities right here.

And that is how we grab their attention with the hook and then how we keep them entertained throughout the rest of the ad. And then with the rest of the ad right there, we're showcasing that desire being achieved, the desire of fun girls' night. If you have a solid hook like this but you don't have the content to back it up, well, guess what?

The ad does not work. So you also need to go film the fresh content to reflect this. I see that over and over and over as a problem.

People come up with amazing hooks but they don't follow through with the content needed. We came up with this hook and we also went film the content with girls having fun for girls' night. So that way we could back up our claim we made with this particular hook right there.

So that was it. We stopped focusing on the product. We started focusing on the market, what they want, and allowed us to spend significantly more.

This client was at about $1,000 to $2,000 a day in ad spend when we came on board per day for about a year. So they're spending anywhere about, let's say $500,000 to about $700,000 a year. And then we were able to pretty much triple that $700,000 to about $2.5 million over a year by simply focusing more on our market and connecting with our market, then introducing the product versus focusing just on our product and just for people who want that product right now.

Because again, your customer doesn't know they want their product yet and that's okay. So that's why we have to prove why our product is the best thing for what they want and call out what they want first, then introduce the product into creative itself. So hope this video made sense for you guys.

Hope it helped y'all out. I know it was a little shorter video, but just want to kind of really showcase this really quick because I just really want to take this one lesson right here and just really reinforce it to you guys of how important this is across all of our clients. And it made us a lot of money, made our clients a lot of money, and just really want to reinforce this one particular lesson for you guys.

So thank you all for watching. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Also too, if you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, click the link below. Have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. We help brands go from six figures a month to seven figures per month in revenue.

We help four brands go there now and I'd love to help you be the next one. So thank you all so much for watching. My name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.