Yo, what's up guys? Nick here. Welcome back to the channel.

Today I want to go over a case study how we took a e-commerce brand from breakeven on ads to $650,000 in business revenue over the past four months. This brand reached out to us back in September of 2019. They basically had spent about $30,000 in ad spend with a 1.13 ROAS, which their breakeven ROAS is 1.48 after shipping you know fulfillment item costs.

They needed to at least make a 1.5 let's just round it up. It's a breakeven on their ads and they were generating a 1.13 return on their ad spend. So we came into their brand and we basically changed up a few things.

We audited some of the stuff they were doing and we were able to you know make sure the foundation was laid down properly and then we were able to scale off of that pretty aggressively and actually generate them a 3x return on ad spend since we started with them. Since we started with them back in September we spent $200,000 in ad spend. We've generated them a 3.25 return on ad spend and we've also generated them $650,000 of business revenue through ads.

And I'm going to give you guys my five-step action plan that we used to scale this brand and give you all the tips and tricks we used to where you can implement this on your own. So that being said let's hop right into it. So anytime a prospect reaches out to us or a company reaches out to us we always take this first action step and that is auditing their current content on their social media profiles.

I'm going to particularly talk about clothing brands in this video just because that is my primary audience when it comes to serving them as an agency. But if you are another econ brand you can grasp these concepts I'm talking about and execute them in your business. If you're a clothing brand you should not be posting pictures from your website.

I know like the website looks really good with these nice clean white backgrounds and all your products being shown nice and neat but you should not be taking these pictures and uploading them to social media. That is the number one mistake I see all clothing brands making making posts with their product and just taking the plain white backgrounds with you know their shirt being shown off on a model or shirts being shown off with no model in it. It's just a shirt on a white background boom.

That is one of the worst mistakes you can make as a clothing brand when posting content on social media. Your content needs to be able to adapt to the culture of your ideal audience. So let's just take this for example.

If you are a fitness brand and you're targeting people who are in the weightlifting bodybuilding niche you want to post content of people actually wearing these clothes doing those activities. So you can take this generic concept and you can apply it to any clothing brand regarding of your space you're in. You want to tell a story or visually sell people on the lifestyle they can live by wearing these clothes.

It's going to adapt to the culture of your ideal audience better have more pulling power and get you more sales in return. That's actually step number one. We audit their content.

We gauge whether they are ready to go. It has all those qualities to it or do we need to facilitate them consult with them a little bit make sure their content gets better then we'll start with the advertising. We never want to take on a client that doesn't have the right type of content yet or they'll be wasting a lot of money.

So now the next thing what we do is when we sign on a client audit what's working. Go back look at prior data figure out what was working and immediately start elaborating on those topics and getting some good results right out the gate. This is super powerful brands that's ran ads in the past.

Maybe got some good results or some decent results but didn't know how to further elaborate on that. So with this particular brand we start with this is the very first thing we did we dived into the ads manager they had like I said they spent about $30,000 on ads. We immediately looked at that prior 30 days of data and we started digging through all the campaigns and it was like pulling a needle of a haystack and we'd find you know a few little things that they were overlooking because we had a different perspective on their ads manager than when they were inside the ads manager and constantly looking at it day to day.

So having that outside perspective allows us to pick out a few different things that they've missed while running their ads and we were able to take those things and elaborate them right out of the gate and it worked very well for us because within the first two weeks of us starting together we spent $10,000 and made them back $24,000 at a 2.3 return on ad spend. When they started with us they had a 1.13 ROAS so just out of the gate in the first two weeks we were able to double their ROAS and make them more money. So number two action step is digging through that ads manager figuring out what's working dig through the creatives and you want to pull just write it down take a pen and paper write down you know copy the ad ID for the creatives that perform really well ask yourself questions.

Why did this creative perform well? Why did this ad set perform well? You know dig through the breakdown a lot of people don't know this but if you go in the ads manager and you break it down you can break it down by placement and you can actually see some of the placements that are high performing versus not as good.

You can dig through the age and the gender and you can really pull down if you really audit an ads manager you can really pull a lot of data out that you can use that again the other company wasn't aware of and this might even be a prior agency that was running ads for a particular client. So that's why I always encourage to do an audit of ad accounts for people who reach out to me and said hey I've ran ads before but I could never get it to work or the agency that was running my ads could never get it to work. So I always encourage them to let me do a audit of their ad account.

So that way I'm able to pick out a few different things and we can just tweak a little bit and immediately get them good results like that. So now action step number three. This one is really powerful right here.

This is only going to apply to you if you ran ads in the past. If you have a Facebook pixel on your site and you've been having it on your site for a few months now. This will also apply to you.

This is what we did with this particular clothing brand and like I said we're out of the gate where we're to find some really powerful audiences and I'm going to show you that right now. So what we did was we went inside the ads manager we went to the custom audiences section and we created the following audiences. We created a view content audience seven days view content 30 days page engagement seven days page engagement 30 days add to cart seven days add to cart 30 days purchase seven days purchase 30 days check out initiated seven days check out initiated 30 days.

I know I probably missed some but I'm gonna make sure I've all on the screen and basically these audiences right here are all based around fresh data more likely to take an action with our brand. So then what you want to do is after you create the following custom audiences you want to create a lookalike 1% of each one. So now you have about 10 different lookalike audiences which you want to do now is you want to go inside the ads manager you want to create a campaign you want to select conversion and you want to just call this lookalike audience campaign create and then now for the ad set you want to make sure it's optimized for purchases in the audience section you want to make sure you put just one lookalike audiences.

So we're going to create 10 different ad sets each ad set will have one look like audience so you just want to target for custom audience select one ad set boom and then fill out the rest of your targeting by age and gender based off your primary demographic and for placements only have Instagram feed and Facebook feed. The budget you want to start off at $20 a day it gives you data back faster the more you can spend the more you can test quicker and get more data back and optimize based off that data. Now lastly what you want to do is you want to go in the create section of those creatives and you want to fill in four creatives that's worked well in the past for your particular brand through the ads manager.

So now that you have the campaign created an ad set created with all the targeting and that ad set filled in with four creatives now what you want to do is you want to duplicate that ad set nine times and change just the audience of each ad set with one of the lookalike audiences from our pool so that way you'll have ten different ad sets all with the only thing different about them is the targeting of the particular look like audience. So now what you want to do is you want to wait about three days once you create all this for Facebook to properly optimize it be on the lookout for you know ads being flagged or being held for review as that can particularly be a problem but they all should if you're following all ethical guidelines with Facebook and community standards and stuff you should all go live pretty quickly. So now after three days you want to go ahead and back into that campaign you want to look in those ad sets and you want to figure out the unprofitable ad sets and to do this you simply just want to make sure you know your numbers.

I have one client that's not break even so a 2x return on ad spend so I want to make sure he has at least a 3x or 4x return on ad spend on these particular ad sets. One client is breaking even at 1.48. I have another client that's break even at 1.6.

So it just depends. Generic maybe it could be anything below a 2x return on ad spend. Kill that ad set so just simply turn it off.

Anything with a above 2x return on ad spend you want to scale it by 20% of the daily budget it's already currently at and then what you want to do is just leave it alone. You want to scale up the winning ad sets kill the bad ones. You can keep scaling these winners by 20% every 48 hours until they reach up to $50 a day.

Once they reach $50 a day what I recommend is actually duplicating 2-3 of your best performing lookalike audiences into a CBO campaign. Create a campaign, choose CBO. I would set it up at $100 a day and duplicate those 2-3 ad sets inside that CBO campaign and with those creatives and everything, those original creatives and stuff.

And then you can actually start managing it under a CBO campaign. I'm not going to go super in-depth on the CBO campaign just because we're already kind of going pretty lengthy into this breakdown. But with the CBO campaign you want to actually go ahead, you want to, you can actually duplicate it to scale it.

So like you can have like one CBO campaign, $100 a day. If that one's crushing it, let's scale it. Let's just duplicate it.

Boom. So now you're at $200 a day with two CBO campaigns or you can raise that budget by 50% every 48 hours. That's worked really well for us in the past too.

That's different ways we scaled. We did have times where the ad spin and the real asset actually kind of dropped. So what we do is bring in more creatives and we never kill an asset that's doing well or repeatedly doing well.

So what we do is we come there and we just edit the creatives and we just create, drop in a new creative. So we'll have like one asset with like 20 different creatives and only like two or three active at a time because they're just all the ones are old ones we turned off, added a new one. Boom.

That's worked really well for us in the past. We never edit an ad set really besides raising the budget here and there, but we never edit targeting anything like that. We never turn off an ad set at the ad set level.

We always turn it off at the creative level. So now action step number four, this one is super powerful. This is the one where we're going to start targeting some warm content.

This is really powerful for any brand. And this is also another reason why we make sure people have consistent content on their Facebook page and their Instagram page. So quick tip, if you're posting content on your Facebook page, always make sure to put a shop now link inside that post.

Guys, you're missing out on a huge opportunity. People are lazy nowadays. They see this Facebook post.

They're not going to want to go to your Facebook page, find your website, go to your website. They want to be able to just click on a link and go straight to that product. Take a look at it and you're going to get a way better conversion rate.

You can get a lot more buyers due to that. What we do is we come there and we look at your content and we find a few hot pieces of content. You know, we'll do this once to twice a week.

So we'll come there and create a campaign based around that piece of content. So let's just say, you know, we release a new product. You know, this one particular brand we're working with right now releases a lot of new products.

They release three to four new products every week. So we're going to do this weekly. And what we do is we come there and we take that product release post on their Facebook and their Instagram.

We copy that post ID and we go ahead. We'll create a CBO campaign. So where there's three different assets in it and we'll start off about $150 a day.

Keep in mind this particular brand's budget is really, really high. You know, for you, you can start off from around maybe 20 to $30 a day. What we do is we come there, we go ahead and we create three different ad sets targeting three different audiences.

For the gist above it, we're targeting people who engage with the page in the last 30 days, people who are fans of the Facebook page. Simply to create that is you go to your ad set, connections, choose Facebook page, people who like the page, and then choose your page name. And what we do is then we create a ad set as well, targeting people who viewed the website in the last 180 days.

So there's three different ad sets, all targeting three different groups of people, but all relative warm people to the brand. And then we load that post in each ad set and we make sure that people can easily shop now with that post. So we make sure there's a link in that post when it goes on Facebook.

So that way people can easily just get that post, you know, that ad to their page, to their timeline, and can easily click on it and boom, go shop now. Same thing with Instagram, we make sure it's easy for people just to click on that post. And I think when Instagram actually, when you, when you do that, it creates that shop now link inside the store, you can actually go ahead and click on that shop now button and drive traffic to your website.

So now we have this campaign with three different ad sets, all with one creative. And that's all that particular, that one product, targeting a warm audience. And what we'll do is like I said, we'll do two to three campaigns like this per week with this particular brand we're working with right now.

And that's just because they're releasing a lot of different products per week. Relative what you're doing is you're boosting content to a warm audience. And not many people, not everyone sees your Facebook and Instagram posts.

So that's one thing you're targeting your warm audience. You're targeting people who went to the website, left about purchasing, you're targeting people who really liked the Facebook page, etc. This strategy right there has increased a lot of our revenue on the middle line.

And what we do is we take this warm content, like I said, we keep this campaign rolling for a few days, we'll run anywhere four to seven days, maybe even longer, just depending on how stock is for that particular brand. And we'll copy the post ID and actually create a cold audience as well. If we see that particular product is doing really well at the warm level.

And the reason we do this is because of that warm level, it's building up a lot of likes, comments, shares, a lot of social proof that we can use. It's built up on that ad. Now we can use it and actually send it to a cold audience.

So we'll come there and go copy like three of our look like audiences that perform really well, create a campaign around that. So now we have this piece of content at the warm level and the cold audience level. And like I said, it's we basically just were copying that post ID.

So it's keeping all the original engagement, likes, comments, shares. So it has more social proof when it's positioned in front of someone who is not aware of the brand yet. And like I said, this is super powerful.

It generates really good results. And then we scaled the hell out of it at the cold audience level of a lot of warm content too. We also like to share is customer testimonials, customer selfies.

So basically just user generated content works really well at this level as well. So action step number five, this is the last step that we really took to take this brand to the next level. And that's creating a proper retargeting system.

And to be honest, it's not complex at all. Like I'm about to share this with you guys. And you're probably like, Nick, that's super freaking simple.

I could have Googled that myself. But trust me, it works. Retargeting has been a big thing with us of like what type of retargeting works best.

We've shared testimonials, we've shared unboxing videos. I think every brand would be a little different with what content works best for that particular brand. But something that's worked extremely well for us is dynamic product placement campaign.

And simply what you do is you go ahead and create a campaign, click catalog sales, and then inside you want to target people who's added to cart, but not purchase. And you want to select a three day time. We've tested 14 days, seven days, three days always outperforms by far for us.

And we simply just target people who added to cart, but did not purchase. Because like I said, we have another warm content campaign that's targeting people who just view the website. This particular campaign is just adding to cart, did not purchase.

And we're spending probably around a hundred to $150 a day. Keep in mind, like I said, we have a huge budget we're using. So, you know, for your smaller budgets, you know, around a hundred to $200 a day, you probably only want to spend 10 to $15.

And also it varies about how many ads to carts you get per day. So it's different things like that, but you want to create a DPA campaign, target people who add to cart, but they're not purchased in the last three days. You want to make sure it's just Facebook feeds and Instagram feeds.

And you simply want to offer a 25% off coupon. We've tried 10%, 15%, 25% has worked amazing with us. You may be able to test your own particular incentives to come back and purchase.

You may test the 25% versus a 20% and notice that you're only getting a very small percentage more than 25%. So you want to retain your costs and go the 20% one. So it really just depends on your brand.

But from our experience, 25% has worked really well. So basically we're targeting people who add to cart, but did not purchase in the last three days in a DPA campaign shows their cart of what they added in front of them on their feed and a nice little carousel ad. So what this does is it basically just a reminder, Hey, here's your stuff.

Come back and complete your order. Here's your 25% off. And you're only targeting people in the three day timeframe.

So really short timeframe, very hot timeframe, because if someone adds to cart and didn't purchase, usually it's because they just not interested, or maybe they just wanted to kind of play around with the website, or they could have been busy out in traffic on their phone, like they shouldn't be, but never got to checking out. Maybe just they were at a restaurant or something like that. They were just, they were busy.

Okay. And they really wanted that product. So that's why only three days you need to target people to just remind them, come back, complete your order.

And here's a freebie. Here's a 25% off coupon for coming back and completing your order. We have a particular retargeting campaign for the month of December.

We ran this campaign and we had a 13 X or 11. 11 X return on ads, man. We spent like $895 on this.

I got a $6 purchase cost per purchase. And we sold $11,000 in revenue for this business. So insane works really well.

So that was the last action step we took for this particular brand. And like I said, over the last four months, we started with them on September 18th. Today is like January 30th.

So it's just a little over four months. We spent $200,000 in ad spend for this brand. We made them back $650,000 in revenue.

And we're actually currently working with this brand on expanding their strategies for paid advertising, reaching out to Google and YouTube ads as we don't want them become like a one leg stool because if Facebook goes out tomorrow, they're pretty much crushed. So that's something that we want to elaborate on. And we work with all of our clients.

We always start off with one particular area and then expand and build that tree. If you're a clothing brand, and you're looking to hop on a call with me, maybe a consulting call with me, or maybe you're interested in how I can help your business, simply send me an email below. I'm gonna filter through the applications and stuff.

I get a lot of people reaching out to me on a day to day basis, and then we can hop on a call and figure out what's the best route for you to go with. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you smash the like button, subscribe. I'm gonna be posting a new video every Saturday at 10am central time.

The overall goal, overall theme of this channel is to remain around entrepreneurship, Facebook ads, marketing strategies, a little bit of business mindset, motivation and stuff. But you know, probably 50% of the concepts will be around Facebook ads and marketing as that's my passion. That's what I love to do.

And the other 50% becomes some mixture of stuff that kind of fits in the same theme, same realm of everything. So thank you guys for watching. Have a great day.