Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I'm going to peel back the curtain and literally show you guys the ad account structure and kind of overall strategy that I focus on inside of a Facebook ad account that I've used to generate over $5 million in sales across all of my e-commerce clients. So with that being said, before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's jump into it guys.

Okay. So before I show you the ad accounts, you need to understand one critical thing that you can take this ad account structure. You can go ahead, upload it to your ad account, you know, change everything up and dive into it.

But without the right offer, messaging are creative in place. You will not see the results that I see. And this will also differ by niche in terms of like, Hey, some people might be able to get a crazy rush and one niche with it, some in a different one, but this has nothing to do directly with results, but has everything to do with how we structure accounts and how we kind of focus on certain things inside of the ad accounts.

So, and just so we're clear here, this has been battle tested. A few Shopify screenshots, an article I was in by Disrupt Magazine, how we generated $840,000 in 21 days with Shopify and Facebook ads. So yeah, this is the real deal right here.

So here is my ad account structure. This is literally a screenshot of one of my ad accounts just and ripped it and put it into this particular slide. So inside of here, we have a creative testing campaign, an audience testing campaign.

We have two different scaling campaigns. Both of them are very different and I will get into those. We have retargeting campaign.

We have a reactivation campaign and a past buyers campaign. So like this is literally the campaigns, the only campaigns that I will use across that account throughout its lifetime. Won't be creating all kinds of these different random ones and stuff like that.

Creative testing, copy dash to, you know, whatever the data is today or untitled. Like I'm literally doing everything in these specific campaigns. Now, what is each one?

And that's what we're going to dive into now. Or before we dive into that, let's look at the ad account structure strategy. So obviously we have tofu, which is, you know, audience testing, creative testing, um, you know, this one and this one, these two scaling campaigns right here.

Um, so that's tofu top of funnel is essentially where you make people aware of the problem you solve for them. You're making people aware of, Hey, this is where you're currently at right now. And here's my awesome product.

That's going to get you all of these desires that you currently desire. And here's the best fit for it. That's essentially we're going to top of funnel middle of funnel.

Mofu is where we're going to convey people on why your solution is the best one for them. So we can leverage some testimonials. We can leverage some unboxing videos.

We can leverage some people using the product and demonstrating the product. We can leverage, um, about the brand, why you should buy from us, the donations we make, et cetera, like all that really cool stuff. Basically we want to frame people that we're the best solution for them.

Now, bofu bottom of funnel people, these people are price sensitive people and they're only, and they only care about price. So we want to use urgency, scarcity bonuses and discounts to convey them over to purchase from us. And then PPS is past buyers.

And we want to get people to buy from you. Again, we can do this through new product releases, refills. If it's like a supplement product, I'm a big fan of the ghost supplements.

I take them a lot. Um, so I can do, you know, a refill, Hey, you're running out of pre-workout. Come buy some more clothing, every new season, seasonal changes.

People need to buy new stuff to get existing customers to purchase more from you, new product drops, et cetera. So now that you're aware of how this whole structure, the marketing fundamentals behind it, we need to understand of what and how to use each campaign. So first off, we're going to dive into middle of funnel reactivation campaign.

That is this one right here, middle of funnel reactivation. So I like to target a mixture of seven day people and 30 day people. So I've honestly just came to the conclusion and do a 14 day.

Um, some brands I've do seven day, some days, some brands that do a 14 day and some I do a 30. So reality is the cheaper your product is and the product that takes less consideration to purchase. You're going to go to shorter time span.

That's just the reality of it. If you're selling a $500 gaming chair, you're going to need a 30 day, 60 day, 90 day window. If you're selling a, you know, $10 shaker bottle, you only need a three or four day retargeting campaign because if they haven't purchased within those first three or four days, the likelihood of them purchasing later on is going to be significantly less.

So inside of this middle funnel reactivation campaign, I have, it's a, it's a CBO campaign optimized for purchase conversions. Literally all my campaigns I'm going to show you in this video is going to be optimized for purchases. It's going to be a website conversion campaign.

Um, you name it. So inside of this middle funnel reactivation campaigns, a CBO, um, what we're going to do is we're going to put our 75% watched of all videos in the last 14 days. We're going to put a social engagement 14 day audience, which this is Instagram engagement, 14 days, Facebook engagement, 14 days, and website visitors, 14 days.

We're going to stack them all into that one ad set. You're only going to have one ad set in this campaign and you're going to exclude people who added to cart and people who initiated a checkout both 14 days and exclude purchase 30 days. So you exclude all that from this specific campaign.

Now, what we're going to do is, is we're going to make our decisions of what to cut and what to maybe add or conclude on at the ad level. So at the ad level, we have a variety of different middle of funnel objection handling ads. And as you can see right here, got a few of them that's converting really well.

Some of them that honestly, I could probably turn off by now. So like, for example, as best performer middle funnel ad, the way I do it, if it crosses over two X targets, two X, our target CPA with zero purchases, we turn it off once across this three X, our target CPA, and it's not profitable. We'll cut that off as well.

So this best performer middle funnel ad, middle funnel ad number two needs to be cut from this specific campaign. And then again, I'm controlling the budget at this, uh, uh, campaign level. So it's middle funnel reactivation CBO.

I started off anywhere from $10 to a hundred dollars today. It really, the reality is it just depends on how big and how much you're spending. We want to spend 15% of our budget at the middle of funnel stage, essentially.

So total daily budget's a hundred bucks. We're going to spend $15 on it. If it's a thousand, we'll spend 150 bucks.

So next one, bottom of funnel retargeting campaign. So again, this is the people that have added to cart initiated to check out. These people are price sensitive.

That's it. They only care about getting a really good deal. We can use scarcity.

We can use urgency. We can do add on some bonuses and give these people special deals. And then we can also to do the typical discount structure if you would like.

So again, this is a CBO campaign website conversions purchase. Um, and I think I started this one off like $20 a day to CBO. And inside of that, we have one ad set and it includes at the cart people, 14 days and initiate checkout 14 days.

And then we're excluding purchase 30 days. So we're basically excluding people who have purchased and we're only targeting people that's at the cart or initiate checkout in the last 14 days. And I'm going to do the same structure as the middle of funnel and just toss in a bunch of different ads inside of it.

Um, and make my decisions based off it. Honestly, I got kind of lazy with this one. I haven't really tossed in new, any new ads in this specific campaign just yet.

And that's mostly good because our target ROAS at this stage is like a five X and we're getting a seven X about to be a seven X. So I'm just kind of letting it chill. Now the next campaign is our past buyers campaign.

So again, if we go back up here, this is past buyers. Um, this will be a CBO campaign. And again, sub same thing, website conversions purchase in CBO, and you can set out whatever you want.

So we want to spend about 5% of our daily budget on this specific campaign. So if you spend a hundred bucks a day, you must spend $5 a day. And then, Oh, by the way, uh, for bottom of funnel retargeting, we want to spend 10% of our daily budget on bottom of funnel retargeting.

So past buyers campaign, I have one ad set in it and it's a purchase 180 days inside that purchase 180 day audience. Um, I'm not excluding anyone. Some people like to exclude maybe seven days just so that way we're not getting all of our purchases in there.

We exclude some of the fresh purchases and that's definitely fine. And you may want to recommend that as well, but all we're doing is targeting purchase 180 days. You can also upload customer lookalikes and all like a customer list.

Do not use any lookalikes in these specific retargeting campaigns. And again, we're just tossing in ads inside of it. Now, this is something right here where you have to have great products.

So for us, we're struggling with this particular brand right now because these new products we're launching our, our existing customers aren't, you know, they're not really grabbing their attention. They're not really interested in it. We had another clothing brand we're working with, where they had a 55% repeat customer rate.

So our bottom of funnel, um, you know, our past buyers campaign was crushing it. Whereas this camp, this company has a 5% customer repeat rate. So we're very, we're struggling essentially with, um, you know, some of these ads essentially, uh, you know, to keep people to convert again.

So now let's dive into the creative testing campaign. So if we go back right here, top of funnel creative testing. So we're going to start venturing into some of the top of funnel, the cold audiences and the fun stuff right there.

So at our top of funnel, creative testing campaign, what we're doing essentially right here is we're testing, not just creative. I call it creative testing, but we're also testing ad copy. We're also testing headlines.

Uh, so we're going to be testing the visuals, the images, carousels, et cetera, videos. Um, we're also gonna be testing, you know, new ad angles, new offers. We'll be testing, um, headlines, copies, et cetera.

So let's dive into that campaign. Now, when you want to test and add, it's all about variable control. So in science class, back in our middle school, we learned that if we want to perform an experiment and we need to keep everything the same, but one thing, and that one thing will be the variable.

I want to say that's the variable that we're going to kind of play around with. So that way we can keep everything the same and just have one thing. We're going to, um, I think that's actually wrong.

I think we're going to keep all the variables the same. And then I forgot what's what it's called. Um, but just one thing we want to mess with.

So with creative testing, what we're going to do right here is we're doing, um, we're taking a best performing audience. So for us, it's, uh, for this specific brand, it's male, female, 18 plus broad USA. Like literally that's what's performing the best.

And we're coming there and we're pairing it with a new creative. And for that new creative, we're going to use a best performing ad copy that's relevant to that creative. And we're going to use a best performing headline relative to that creative as well.

So that way it's just a creative for testing now. So for batch number two, let's say we changed it and we want to do the copy. We're going to do batch two best performing audience, but the ad is going to be best performing creative, best performing headline.

But only thing we're going to flip around is the copy essentially. So each one of these batches are just different segmentations, different creative, different ad testing that I am doing. And again, I'm using proven audiences that have worked on the ad accounts.

I started off at like $10 a day, let it run. And then after about five to six days, I start plucking out the winners and I'm testing three to six new creatives a week. And I'm testing anywhere from three to four new copies a week.

So there's a lot of testing that's going on to where that way we can really dig deep of what works. So I noticed a lot to take in in one minute long video. So that's why make sure you click the link below and grab your seat in VIP for elegant e-coms.

Elegant e-com will be a course I'll be releasing where I'm basically going to take this whole video, this 20 minute long video and turns a two hour in-depth video on how to do everything step by step by step. So grab your seat on that VIP list. This is only for people making less than 25k a month and revenue with their store.

If you make it over 25k a month and revenue with your store, make sure you click the link below to book a call with me or me and my team, my agency and everything like that. We can actually help you out with your business and you're kind of steering direction you need to go, whether it's working with us or here is a really cool plan you can throw out and utilize yourself. So back to the video.

So that's creative testing right there in a nutshell. And then now let's look at audience testing. So audience testing is literally the same thing, except we're changing the audience, but we're going to use proven ads.

So again, this is an ABO campaign right here. I have it about $20, $30 per audience in this particular example, but I've been really enjoying $20 a day. And that's kind of what I've been doing.

And there's just a little test right here at 30. So, um, so you want to set the budget at $20 a day. You want to test three to six new audiences per week.

Um, and basically we're doing is we're creating an audience. So create an ad set in this campaign, whatever you just want to test, maybe a 5% or 10% of a lookalike, maybe some new interests, different age demographics of replacements, whatever, break it, like play around with the different ad set combinations. And you want to test new audiences.

If you keep finding new audiences, new look likes, new, these audiences you can expand on and you keep building them up that allows you to scale the accounts. So we're using a proven ad in this ad set. And I like to take three proven ads that are relevant to that audience I'm targeting.

So say if we have our best performing ad, we take three of those best performing ads that are all relevant together. And we're testing each one of these audiences. Um, and let's say I'm testing an audience completely different than these.

I'm going to take ads that are relevant to that particular audience and tested. So you may not use the same three ads for every single audience you test. So I know that's a lot, but again, you want to keep testing audiences, text, test about three to six per week.

You can set the budget at $20 per day, set this up an ABO campaign, purchase conversions, all of that good stuff. Now we've just gone through, I think that's what six campaigns or no five campaigns. And now it's time to dive into the scaling campaigns.

Now, before I get into this, scaling is something that with 14.5 and everything that's going on, we've been kind of just basically having a toolbox of ways we scale an ad account. And we've been just throwing everything at the ad account and seeing what performs best. This might be big budget, ABO campaigns, big budget, CBO campaigns, a one, one, one, a three by three by three.

There's these different types of campaign structures I've been kind of finding and putting together to help scale ad accounts. And when you're scaling, you need to have a proven ad and you need to have a proven audience. So that's why creative testing works perfectly fine.

Audience testing works perfectly fine. Retargeting works good. Reactivation works good.

Pass buyers works good. But then when we get to scaling, this is when things become tricky and we're going to start stacking things together. So we're going to look at first off, here's my two top funnel scaling campaigns we'll cover in this specific video.

So right here, we have a CBO campaign. Looks like the budget's about $120 a day. And then we have this other campaign, GAR04.

This is the name of the ad. So I use a unique identifier for every ad in my ad account. And then the audience we're targeting, Josie video, LLA 7%.

So it was a video a girl named Josie did, and we're just did a LLA of her video. And it did really well as an audience and it works really well across the ad accounts. So this again is a CBO campaign at about 50 bucks a day.

So how do we actually work with these two specific campaigns? So first off, here's a big budget CBO. This is why I recommend 99% of you guys testing, right when you find your winning variables in terms of your audience and your ads.

So what we're doing here is we're taking three of our best performing audiences, putting it in a CBO. So I recommend a lookalike, an interest and a broad. I'm putting that in a CBO.

This is the best performing. This is the best performing look like best performing interest and best performing broad audience. I'm putting in the CBO just like this three audiences.

And then what I'm doing is I'm literally taking my three to six best performing ads across the ad account that are relevant together and relevant to my audiences in this CBO. And I'm tossing them in into each three audiences. So if I click on romance ad set right here, it's going to have these five ads.

If I click on this lookalike audience, it's going to have the same five ads. If I click on this broad audience, it's going to have the same five ads. So it's distributed across those.

And basically, what we're doing here is we're just letting Facebook have full control of where the budget's being spent on what ads, what audiences and Facebook can kind of do the dealing of the poker game of like, Hey, here's what's working. Let's push more here. You know, and it basically allows us to kind of step back and just let Facebook spend optimally.

Now, the problem with this and which 99% of you guys will find a problem with is that Facebook will lock on one particular audience and spend more on it versus the other one, which then creates this pattern right here where like, Hey, this has a four extra, almost a five spent $179. This one spent 213, you know, and that does come up. And that's why I had to have another strategy as well.

But my advice with a CBO, once you create your scaling CBO, your three ad sets, your three to six ads in each of those ad sets, once you create this specific campaign, I recommend setting the budget $100 a day. And I'll recommend running it for seven days before touching it, let it run because it needs more time to optimize. If you have an ad in here that's worked really well, you know, it's been proven in creative testing.

If you have an audience that's been proven in creative testing, we know these variables work, we just need to give it time for the system to optimize around those. And then we can really start ramping up the spin. So with that being said, I do have another strategy.

And this strategy basically goes after everything a CBO is plagued with, you know, ads getting distributed, the wrong spin ad sets, getting the wrong spin, you know, not really optimizing around the best performer. And then also to the issue of having go to an ABO level, and adjusting budget. So it's just quick and easy to see a campaign, how's it performing and just the budget from right there.

This also makes it significantly easier inside of wicked reports, high rows, or even like, you know, click magic for using click magic as well. So with this specific campaign right here, we're basically coming, going ahead, we're taking, we're creating one campaign. So right here, it's called Gar 06 romance.

And we're basically doing this. And actually, I did change it up. But we're basically doing one ad set.

This one asset has the best performing audience for this specific ad, and I'm putting one ad inside of it. So one ad, one ad set, one campaign. And the budget for this, I recommend anywhere from 5x to 10x your target CPA.

I've also been recommending just doing $100 a day. So you can do $100 a day. So you create this campaign, run $100 a day.

And you can wait about three to four days before you start to mess with it. But essentially, you should know once you're creating four to five of these, because you'll have a few different winning ads, and a few different winning audiences. And you can create a few of these campaigns in that account, I recommend only creating one or two at a time, because you can quickly scale up very quickly with this.

And you want to blow through spin. So this is another strategy we're using for scaling. Now, again, I recommend testing them both and seeing which one works better for you.

And then go from there. You don't necessarily if scaling CBO doesn't work for you, this big budget CBO doesn't work for you. Cool.

Try a big budget ABO, where you're controlling the budget and that's a budget right here. Cool. Now, if that doesn't work, but this works one, one, one, go ahead and use one, one, one, keep it simple, whatever works, go for it.

You don't just because we're getting results with this and you're not, then it's okay. If you use a strategy in it, for whatever reason, it doesn't work for you. And your strategy is crushing it.

Then likely you found something really good there and to keep up with it. You don't necessarily like have to have a exact, but if you keep it, these campaigns like this, where you're segmenting people, um, by their stage in the, you know, in the market in terms of retargeting, reactivation, past buyers, you're testing creatives and you're isolating variables. And then you're also isolating variables and audiences.

Then when you go to the scaling campaigns, you can tackle it from a few different perspectives in terms of big budget CBOs, one, one, one campaigns, high cost, big cap, like all these other different cool techniques for scaling. Well, guys, I really hoped you enjoyed this video. This is probably my most in-depth Facebook guide I've made so far.

Um, I did go through and walk through a whole ad account structure and stuff like that. And like setting up a campaign from scratch, but this is literally like an ad account that's already we're running and everything we're pushing budget into and how we actually officially kind of manage it and stuff. Um, or like how we actually structure and stuff.

This is literally the account right here. So I really hope you enjoyed this video. Again, if you're an e-com business owner, you're making at least 25 K a month, and you would like to have some help with your media buying your ad strategy, your marketing, et cetera, with your business, make sure you click the link below to book a call with me.

My team will hop on a call with you. And what we'll do is we'll basically dig through your business and we'll put together a plan of action for you. And you can either take that plan and run with it, or you'll have the option of learning a little bit more about how we can help you and work with us.

Now, if you're making less than 25 K a month, it's okay, because I have something for you, make sure you click the link below and sign up for the elegant e-com VIP list. This will be a course where I'll literally give you all of my standard or eyes to operating procedures into one nice package where you can literally go step-by-step to replicate some of the results I have achieved inside of my videos. Now, again, it's only the first 50 people is going to get it for $500.

And after the first 50 people, it's going to go up to a thousand dollars. So make sure you're on that list because that VIP list will have first dibs to it before it comes to YouTube. And it'll be quite impossible to hurt me that first 50 people.

So you remember to make sure you're on that list. Well, guys, I really hope you enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Terrio. I thank you so much for watching this video. Talk to you guys later.

Peace.