Today, we'll be comparing a $100 Facebook ad versus a $200,000 Facebook ad, meaning these ads have spent $100 and these ads have spent over $200,000. And today we're going to compare them to see the differences of what makes a good ad versus a bad ad. And also too, today we'll be focusing on image ads specifically for supplements.

You guys are in a real good treat. So with that being said, let's dive into the $100 Facebook ad. So this ad right here has spent $107.

It had a $53 cost per acquisition, just giving relative data to the $200,000 ad or the 185, a little close. It had $33 cost per purchase. So this one was substantially better than this $100 ad.

So let's actually take a look and see what this ad was. Now, keep in mind, this was an image ad as well. There will be all image ads in this video and all for a supplement brand.

So this one right here, we're using the Google creative style right here, where technically you just simply Google and then you just put in whatever like your hook would be right here. And then you'd showcase a few different images. For this one right here, I think there's just too much going on to where it doesn't really completely kind of grab your eye to like narrow it to one specific place.

Also too, potentially the hook itself that just not going after a something that people are resonating with. Right. And this is a little bit more of a complicated product to talk about.

And also to, we have to jump through a little bit more hoops when talking about this particular product itself. And yeah, I mean, long story short, always been $107, bad cost per purchase. I think it also just doesn't really provide any like, like, yes, it provides a benefit of basically implying that, hey, if you want this benefit, this is what you're going to want, but it also doesn't really showcase anything.

Now, to be fair, again, it's a complicated product because you can't really showcase it for this particular product, but you will see in $185,000 ad, exactly how we do that. Just a little foreshadowing for what's to come. Now, the $2,000 ad.

So we're going to go straight up to a $2,000 and set up a $1,000 like typical. This one right here spent $2,000 with a $40 cost per purchase. So again, still not that 33 at scale, but did get significantly amounts of spin.

So let's take a look at that $2,000 ad. Now, first thing with this one right here that strikes me is that there's way too much text in this ad. So if you're going to do a review ad, the best way to do this is by having maybe like three or four key words from that review that people want, then put the name and verified customer of that person.

And then do not add this. Like all of this right here just creates a lot of mess in terms of it's being very difficult to read. And if it's difficult for me to read, what will essentially happen is I'm just going to simply swipe past that.

So this is all stuff right here that I would pretty much just remove in that sentence right there. And I would focus more on, you know, just having one clear thing from that review that was really shocking. And then I would have like verified customer and then I would have like maybe a call to action of like, you know, you get moisturized skin below and then like, like a shop now kind of like thing right there.

So that's what I would do to further improve this creative. But long story short, it didn't resonate with a lot of people because it had way too much text on this image itself. Now we're going to go up to the $18,000 ad.

So this one spent $18,000 with $39 cost per acquisition. So we're seeing the cost per acquisition is definitely going up in terms of art going down as we spend more. And it's purely because we're finding better creatives in this account.

So let's take a look at this one. Designed for sensitive and stressed. Basically, you know what skin.

This one's a little bit more specific of the benefit and who this is for. And then also to we show before and after and we're starting to get into what I call like analogies and stuff, metaphors and stuff like that. And that can work really well when you're talking about complex products or products that you can't really just be directly advertised with.

So this one showed a very good example of what this product particularly helps with. I'm not a fan of like the before and after is really good, but that's what that's what grabs your attention immediately. But this is a little hard to read up here because it kind of blends like like these light colors with light text just makes things blend in.

One way to improve this would have been doing the same thing we did for the before and after and kind of doing like a box around it and then making the before and after a little more subtle because those are the first things that pop up to me right there. Then from there, these things I don't even really see at all. It's just a bunch of text down here that honestly, I feel like we could probably just remove from that perspective and just let this speak the thousand words in that sense right there.

Now we're going to start going to our $185,000 ad, our $200,000 ad. I know I motion bait y'all. I, uh, I baited y'all then for the $14,000, uh, that we needed to 200 K, but this ad drove 5,541 purchases for this particular client.

I want a $33 cost per purchase and drum roll. Boom. This one is exactly what I was talking about in this last side we removed where less is more.

Let the picture speak a thousand words here. We in the most simplest form called out something. Then we showed the before, and then we showed the after.

Now typically before and afters aren't allowed on Facebook. I agree, but if you do it in a way one where it's not skin, a lot of before and afters are more that gets you banned or more things like money, um, doing things where it's like closeups of particular body parts. Um, those are the two things that Facebook's really sensitive about, but if you can make a metaphor with it and like shit, like a donut, for example, works really well.

And you can do some cool stuff like this, but this is a very straightforward one. We call out what this product does. We showcase before and after, and it's again, less is more.

Like if you look at this example versus this one, this one's a lot more refined. It's a lot more like there's been some thought and attention put behind it versus this one. It's a little bit more over the place.

There's a lot going on. And then if you look at this one right here, way too much tax. And then this one's just kind of, eh, to be fair, this one goes after a completely different desire than this one.

This one's talking about looking better. This one talks about soothe. Um, this one's talking more about the sensitive and stressed.

So there's also different desires. We tested with these as well. So also keep that in mind.

And we found that the visual importance was the biggest one. Um, and there's some level of degree of just like, Hey, this is looks bad. This looks a lot better.

So, but yeah, these were all ads that we created for this particular client. So if this is something that you would want to, for us to do for you, click link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads. Um, if you want one-on-one mentoring where I can get in your account, view stuff, look at everything that going on, give you feedback and all stuff like that, click link below to have Nick Terrio, um, mentor you.

And then I'm my Facebook ads course, where it goes over a hundred videos of live demonstrations of creatives and stuff like that. Click link below to Nick's Facebook ads course. So thank you all so much for watching.

Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, talk to you later. Peace.