Today, we will be breaking down a $100 Facebook ad versus a $50,000 Facebook ad and then all the ads in between. This is going to be specifically for a supplement brand. So with that being said, let's dive into the $100 Facebook ad.

So here again is all the ads that we'll be reviewing today. Unfortunately, our $100 ads actually be like $300 ads, but don't kill me, but let's break it down. So here we have nine purchases with a $44 cost per acquisition.

So it's actually pretty decent for cost per acquisition compared to our highest one, but due to the level of spend, it was not considered a winner. So let's take a look at that $100 ad. And to be fair, I don't blame it.

There's absolutely no reason why they should have scaled technically, which it really didn't because it only spent $300. And this was just a picture of a customer holding the product itself. And I mean, look, there's no headline or no hook to grab our attention.

There's no like benefits here. It's just some random person holding a product. And to be fair, the product doesn't even stand out.

So, you know, from a perspective of just swiping through social media, it's like does nothing to grab our attention, right? The only people that will resonate with this ad are people who've already seen our ads, who've already kind of been on our website and stuff like that. And that small audience that are product aware, they'll see this and just be kind of more reminded about the product.

That's about it. But, you know, to be fair, it's not really that great of an ad. Maybe if our product was, you know, some like maybe even like a t-shirt to be fair could work well because then we actually show it on someone.

But because this is a supplement product and people want what the product desire like does, this does nothing to articulate that at all. Now, let's go to the $1,000 ad. This is the $1,400 of spin.

It did have a much lower cost per acquisition, which is good, but it still didn't get the level of spin we want. So this shows to me, this is more of that retargeting style ad. Now, you'll notice I'll say that two or three times in this video, we don't do retargeting from the perspective of 30 day website visitors, IG engagement and stuff like that.

All of these ads are targeting broad targeting, which is just age, gender, location, location being countrywide. If it's like an econ brand or maybe more city specific, if it's like a, you know, physical local business, if that makes sense right there. So all of these are targeting the different, the same audience and all of them are judged success by the more they spend, the more successful they are.

If they don't get a lot of spin, that means Facebook is saying, Hey Nick, these ads are not good. So let's look at the $1,000 ad. Again, this one had a much better CPA, but it didn't get a lot of spin.

So why didn't get a lot of spin? Well, this ad right here is again, appealing to that product aware audience, product aware people who are people who visited your brand, they visit your website, they're just not sold on you yet. And this ad right here does a good job at selling someone further on this brand because it's going after, you know, a little bit more like the conscious choice.

It's calling out organic, sustainably sourced, eco-friendly. It's talking a lot about the product, but it's not talking a lot about what people want. This does good right here on a product aware audience because we're doing this, we're conveying more information to our audience of why this is a great product for them, but it's not good ad for mass scale.

It will not scale a brand. It'll convert more traffic in the backend, but it will not scale a brand. Why?

Because it does not connect with our audience. So let's look at the $10,000 ad that did get much more spin, but it did actually have the highest cost per purchase. And that means, Hey, this ad did connect with more people, but it had a higher cost per purchase because, Hey, we grabbed a lot of attention, but we did a bad job at conveying people over to buying.

So just remember that grabbed a lot of attention, but it did a bad job at selling people. Now also keep in mind here, all of these are ads that we created for this particular client. So I just want make sure you are aware of that.

So here is the $10,000 ad. This actually is a video ad. I do have a mixture of photos and videos in this particular video itself, but I'm not biased at all to photos or videos.

It just depends on what the account needs and what that particular ad concept needs as well. So without further ado, let's actually break down this video. Coffee ran my life for decades.

Seriously. I felt like a drag every single day. My gut was always on fire and the more I drank, the less energy I had.

How does that happen? One before work, one at work, one after work. I had a serious problem, but that was the past because I found a healthy and yummy coffee alternative.

The switch was easy because it tastes just like coffee. I don't know how they do it, but it's a blend of organic mushrooms and there is zero caffeine. Can someone explain how just one cup of this gives me more long lasting energy, mental clarity, and better cut health and drowning myself in three or more cups of coffee.

And did I mention it's just a dollar a cup? Seriously. I love this stuff and thousands of others do too.

Ditch the coffee for something 10 times better and tastier. Get yourself some black gold elixir. Seriously.

Ditch the coffee. Seriously. I should ditch this ad because this ad performed terribly, but let's actually break this down for y'all.

Number one, there's a lot of things going on here. First off, the script sucks. From the perspective of focus and just clarity, it was all over the place.

I did not like that. Second thing, it was boring. Like just blah, blah, blah, blah.

I think it was like almost 20 seconds in before the product was introduced. Now, to be fair here, we did go after an unaware market. Unaware market are people that have symptoms and they don't really know what the product is yet.

So we're going after a market that needs a little bit more education to go through those mental hoops before they're prepared to see the product. So that's okay in this video, but it could have been done better. It did not hold attention and it talked too much about this person, right?

It didn't talk about the problems or the things that other people are experiencing. So let's go off to the first thing. Coffee ran my life for decades.

And let's give you like a second more. All right. Yeah.

So coffee ran my life for decades. Number one, I do not give a fuck about that. Like this is just some random influencer girl talking about how coffee ran her life for decades.

That means nothing to me. And I can care less. I just don't care.

Right. I don't care. This random person has an addiction to coffee.

Right. Now, maybe if it was like my brother or like my mom or dad that had like an addiction or like a friend of mine, an addiction, I would care a little bit more to be fair. But for the most part, I don't really care because this is not pertained to me.

Right. So the next thing is ideal audience. And I guess we hit on that right here that we do that implied benefit.

There is no implied benefit here. That means that if I watch this video, there is zero implied benefit for me to get anything out of this video. And then the last thing is intrigued curiosity.

Again, we do not intrigue curiosity because one of the factors of curiosity is saying, hey, if you watch this, you'll get this benefit. We're giving people the hopes that if they watch this video, they're going to get some type of benefits. And we don't do that in this.

So just get hook trash out the window. Done. I felt like a drag every single day.

My gut was always on fire. Okay. First off, we're talking about two things here.

We're talking about how coffee is making this person feel tired. Then we're starting to talk about the fact that their gut is hard. Then we're talking about energy.

Now we're talking about, you know, how often they had this coffee. So an easy way we could rework the hook is like, you know, let's just start with something very, very simple. Why drinking more coffee makes you more tired?

Something very simple like that. Why do I say that? Because why does drinking more coffee make you more tired?

I'm calling out the fact that, hey, people who are drinking a lot of coffee and they're drinking one before work, one at work, one after work, they're also conscious they're drinking a lot of coffee. And they're also probably starting to get this feeling of, hey, the more I drink, the more tired I get. So if I say something like, why does drinking more coffee make you more tired?

I'm implying that, hey, I can actually kind of uncover something that they are even questioning too in their mind. So that's something right there. Again, within the two seconds I had to storyboard here for y'all, that's something I would kind of test out here.

Now let's go a little bit further. I found a healthy, yummy coffee alternative. Okay, cool.

That's easy because it tastes just like coffee. All right. I really like this one.

It tastes just like coffee. We're handling an objection before it becomes an objection. So when you're writing a script, every word you write, you want to kind of ask yourself, what is my customer thinking right now?

How will my customer react to me saying that? How will my customer saying, oh, I found a coffee alternative? Like, well, I bet the first thing they would say is, well, I bet it doesn't taste like coffee, right?

So we make sure to say, hey, it tastes just like coffee. That way we're going after people and we're handling that objection before it becomes an objection. Then we're going what's in it.

Okay. This is kind of weird right here. So we're going down this path of like how it's a blend of organic mushrooms.

It tastes really good. And then this one's weird right here because this is almost breaks that thought flow the way it kind of jumps that, but Hey, kind of weird. Um, okay.

So here's another thing. We kind of start jumping around for the benefits, right? We, we didn't really talk about the energy that much.

We said energy once we said, um, you know, we said energy once, and then we also said, let's see, it tastes just like coffee. And then we're talking about better gut health. Um, now we're talking about how it's just a dollar a cup.

So it's just hitting on these random benefits, but it's not hitting on the main benefit people want. So there's a power of repetition in advertising where people don't believe, you know, like when you tell someone something like, Hey, this tastes just like coffee, right? Or let's go back where it says that boom, boom.

Found a yummy coffee alternative. That's the switch is easy. It tastes just like coffee.

So we're hitting on that benefit of, Hey, I drink coffee because it tastes just like coffee. That's good. But then, you know, we open up with like energy and being tired all the time.

So, okay, maybe the, you know, taste wasn't the main thing people want, but it's energy, right? Energy is the main thing people drink coffee with. We literally just hit on it once we hit on that.

Hey, I know you've been drinking coffee to last 25, 30 years, maybe even longer than that. And you drink it every day for the energy it gives you. And I know you're not getting that same energy anymore.

So here, try this product gives you energy. Boom. You're not going to be sold off of just one little visual like that.

Like that's not going to just make you ditch coffee to start drinking this shit. This is where the power of repetition comes in play. Repetition is, you know, when you have beliefs in your mind, these beliefs, you'll have some that are a lot stronger and some that are a lot less, right?

Why? Because the more of these beliefs are repeated and shown that they do or factual beliefs that you have that are correct. It's like, for example, gravity, right?

If I would drop this right now, it would fall, right? And I know that for a fact, because I've dropped a lot of stuff over my whole life. So I believe in the idea of gravity.

Okay. Same thing with advertising, right? If you've never experienced gravity before in your life, and someone told you, hey, if you drop something, it's going to fall, it's like, no, it won't.

It's like, yeah, it's gravity, bro. It will. No, it won't.

You drop it and it'll fall. I'm like, oh shit. Okay.

And then like you drop a few more things. I'm like, oh yeah, I really believe in this idea of gravity. Now, same thing with advertising, right?

When you hit on a key point about your product, you need to repeat it multiple times over. And don't just say it like, hey, gravity exists, gravity exists, gravity exists. It needs to be multiple different ways to visually show that, right?

So this person right here talks about energy gives me more long lasting energy, right? Okay. Let's just stop right there.

What are all the different ways we can show this product, giving her energy, right? When she wakes up in the morning and she's sipping on it before a big day at work, then while she's at work, she's sipping on it and getting a lot of work done. Then we can showcase like her at the gym, kind of like this right here, to be fair, but you know, I would go a little bit more in detail, right?

You know, it allowed me to get the energy I need because energy is not what we want. We want what the energy does for us. So for example, it allows me to get more energy before work and I get so much work done throughout the day.

Boom. I like to sip on this before the gym because it gives me more energy going to the gym, which allows me to get through my whole workout without feeling tired at all. So just kind of repeating on hitting on that idea of energy a couple of times over, it's going to increase that repetition.

And just like we're repeating successful actions in this video of reviewing ads, we're going to go over to our $50,000 ad. Now, to be fair, this ad did do substantially better compared to all of the other ads and at the pretty low cost requisition of $44, which to be fair here, it spent, you know, this one did spend $1,400 with a $39 cost per purchase. It did have a lower cost per purchase, but it did not scale this account.

This account was scaled by this ad right here, which spent $53,000 at 1,200 purchases with a $44 cost per purchase. So let's see the $50,000 ad. I know, I know.

Wow, Nick, that must've took y'all years to make this ad. No, not at all. Let's break this down because there's a lot going on here, but it's also not long, right?

It's 12 seconds long. So let's go over a few things here. Number one, our positioning.

The last video we reviewed focused more on like trying to switch and convey someone over from coffee, from a habit they've repeated their whole life. And in one ad, trying to switch them over to something new. That's a very difficult ask.

So I was like, Hey, can we switch our audience? Can we go for a different ideal customer? Can we go after a different positioning?

Can we focus this instead of this being a coffee alternative, or I mean, instead of focusing on the market awareness of like unaware and people and trying to convey people switch over, let's go after the market awareness of people that are already in keyword, already looking for an alternative and people who've already tried alternatives, right? Because if they've already tried coffee alternatives, then all I have to say is this is a better tasting one. That's it.

That's all I have to do. Why? Because these people are already in the market.

They just need someone to say it. That's it. So let's go over a few things here.

Number one, finally. I love finally. Finally is a great word in sophisticated marketplaces.

Why? Because when someone who's tried a lot of different solutions, right? Maybe a lot of you guys, you guys have tried other YouTube channels.

You've tried other Facebook ad strategies. And if you've been watching this channel for a while and tried some of the strategies that I've given you guys, a lot of y'all are still here because you've tried it, you've implemented it and it worked. And you're like, I am so glad I finally found a YouTube channel that actually gives me value, right?

That finally is just kind of like a, a, almost a hopeful feeling now that you've received. So finally, coffee alternative, I'm calling out what people are looking for. I'm going after a solution where markets, people are looking for a coffee alternative.

I'm saying, Hey, we have a coffee alternative. Now I'm also going after people that are a little bit more sophisticated here. A stage three would just be a coffee alternative, right?

They want energy. I'm introducing this new mechanism, which is coffee alternatives. I'm going after a stage four sophistication.

I'm acknowledging the fact that they've tried other coffee alternatives already and they hated it because of taste. So finally a coffee alternative that tastes like coffee. I'm calling out what they want.

I'm acknowledging the fact that others tasted horrible. I'm not saying does your coffee alternative taste horrible. Are you tired of sipping this every morning?

Do you wake up and just look at the, the, the, the hatred you have to, you have to sip on this nasty stuff every morning. Fuck no. I'm just going straight forward to it.

Hey, I know you've had bad experiences with like, you know, other coffee, coffee alternatives, not tasting like coffee. I'm just simply going to say ours tastes like coffee. I don't need to sit there and spend 30 seconds.

Just simply calling out the fact that you hated your coffee alternative. I'm just going to call out what you want, which is a better tasting coffee alternative. And I'm just going to also add that this tastes like coffee, right?

So I'm doing a much better job at positioning this product in the marketplace with this particular photo or this particular hook right here. I'm attracting a much different audience as well. Um, for this particular video, right?

As far as the visuals, you know, we're just showing someone make some coffee right here. That's it. Um, you know, steam some water or heat up some water and that's it.

And then, uh, we show someone sipping it. She's, Oh, the motion right here is really good. Right.

You know, she's sipping it. She's smiling. Um, you know, she's kind of looking in the face and stuff like that.

Uh, also to another thing is, you know, we're going after people in like Australia, New Zealand. And I think this one actually did much better New Zealand and it kind of feels like it's a New Zealand area as well. So that was also another key thing here.

Um, but yeah, and then basically just here, call to action for people to shop now. Um, that's it. It's a very short ad.

It's not complicated ad, but it was a lot of thoughtful intention behind it of how it's positioned, what we specifically say, that's what took that time and energy. And that is what created the success of this. This is why you can have a very long scripted out ad not work.

Well, you can have shard ads work. Well, when you say the right things that is needed to be said to move someone in that sales process. So hope you all enjoyed this video.

Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Um, if you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads. We specifically work with stores doing at least a hundred thousand dollars a month who want to scale to multiple seven figures a month.

And then if you want to be one-on-one mentored with me, click link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. And then lastly, if you want my Facebook ads course, click link below to Nick's Facebook ads course, which specifically focuses on the creative aspect of Facebook ads, um, how to create Facebook ads that convert. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have good rest of your day. Peace out.