Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. Today, I have a very special live training for you guys.

We recently took a client's account from zero to 30k a month and we tested over 20 something ad creatives to take them from literally unprofitable to profitable. And today's live training, I literally show you step by step all the creatives we tested. You're gonna see the losing ones that just sucked really bad and you're also gonna see the winning ones that I actually scaled the ad account.

It's to show you a week by week process and everything we did in the ad account week by week over the course of 60 days. This is a live training that I specifically did for my private students, which you can find the link to that program below. It's my inner circle.

But as a thank you for 40,000 subscribers, I'm literally giving this to you completely for free. So that being said, let's dive into the training. All right, cool.

So today I got something special for y'all. We started with a client back in, I think it was like July 26th. So when we started with this particular client, this particular client's never ran Facebook ads before.

I think total of them launching the brand, they did about a thousand dollars in revenue. Now it's pure organically, like just through friends and stuff like that. And we came into their business July 26th.

We started running their ads. Again, they've never ran ads before. So it was a brand new ad account.

And we've taken them from literally spending $50 a day to, at the peak, we got up to about $1,000 a day in ad spend before the election. Then once the election came, performance did drop a little bit. So we had to kind of scale back down to about $500 a day.

And then now we're kind of scaling back up now to, you know, back to that thousand a little bit more for like Black Friday and everything like that. But I'm going to show you guys pretty much everything we tested from the $50 a day, all the way up to the $1,000 a day of ad spend. This actually, this actually idea came from actually someone on Instagram that reached out to me specifically about this, which was literally just like week over week, show me all the actions you've done in an ad account, just to kind of learn more from what are the creatives you're doing?

What are the optimizations you're making and stuff like that? So I'm going to try to give you guys that experience right here, where we're literally going to go week by week over a brand new ad account. The actions remain the same for experienced ad accounts.

But I think a brand new ad account is actually a little bit more difficult because you're getting no data. So you kind of have to, and then also you don't have a huge budget. So it's like some things have to test a little bit longer and everything like that.

So let's dive into this account. Spent like the last hours kind of pulling as many slides and stuff for this account right here. And we're going to jump into this.

So just make sure y'all can see this. So this is the top half right here. This is literally the couple days of July that we were able to run their ads when we launched this account.

We spent $244 with one purchase. And then here is October. October, we spent $19,000 at a $33 cost per purchase.

So we brought down cost per purchase by, I mean, literally like 1.6, 1.7 of what we were originally getting when we first launched this account. And I'll go over KPIs and goals in a second too of what we're trying to achieve with this account. We only use this one CBO campaign right here.

There's not a single other CBO campaign in the account. And you can also see search and filter is completely deselected. So it's not like I'm just filtering by this one campaign.

There was one deleted campaign at the time of this account. And that's just because we created one just quickly to test to make sure that the account will spin, stuff like that. This is pretty much all the ad sets.

We launched this account from the 26th of July to October 31st. We tested about 26 different ad sets. And all of those things are purchase objective day one.

Never spend a single dollar on ads. We're going after purchase conversion event. I think pretty much everyone's on the same page about that in the group.

But just being aware, even if I'm launching a brand new account, I'm going after purchase objective day one. Next thing is we did broad targeting for this. I would exclude purchase 180 days.

But when we created that first ad set, because there was no prior data purchases, we didn't exclude 180 days just because there was no purchases yet. But for all of our new ad sets that we're launching in November this month, we are excluding 180 days now. So just keep that in mind.

So there will be some questions around that. We're doing United States because that's the only place we can sell in. And also, too, I only recommend starting in one location until you're profitable.

Then you can start expanding to other states or other countries. This particular product can only be sold to 21 plus. So that's the only reason why we're doing 21 plus.

But in general, we'll do 18 plus unless we have like a very specific demographic where like one of our accounts, we're running doing insurance. And like we only can sell to Medicare people. And because we can only sell to Medicare people, we have to do 60 plus.

But for the most part, we leave 18 plus on everything we're doing now. Same thing for genders. I leave it pretty much male plus female on everything unless like, you know, if I was running ads for Shivani, for example, where it's specifically only women that's buying those makeup palettes.

Or if I was running ads for Zach, I would only target men because he has a clothing brand specifically only for men. And I mean, pretty much everyone already knows that I'm only doing I'm doing broad targeting here. I'm not doing any interest lookalikes or custom audiences or anything like that.

Automatic placements. And then we're doing flexible creatives for all this. Flexible, three creatives, two primary texts, two headlines.

For our first initial test that we had no winning primary text to text against my new primary text, I was just launching two individual ones inside of there. So that's how we literally tested everything. I'm just addressing it now because I don't want it to come up later on like, well, hey, were you doing these things?

It's like, yes, I literally did that for all 26 of these tests. That's how I structured it. Now, a couple other things before we get started.

We're hired to make products work with Facebook ads. There's people out there that test products where like literally every day they'll test like three different products. When clients come to us, we're hired to make Facebook ads work for them.

We're not hired to product tests. Oh, hey, I ran your Facebook ads for a day. It didn't work.

Well, what do we do the other 29 days? I don't know. We tried it.

It didn't work. We're hired to where we have to make a product work. How do we make a product work?

This is a great example right here of this whole entire basically lesson. Next thing, we only focus on what matters. We're not audience testing.

We're not using cost gaps. We're not caring about CPM or cost per click. We're only focusing on what matters, and that's the creatives.

We did technically do a little bit of product page optimization, but we didn't really see a significant improvement. We did the product page improvements. We did do a little bit of AOV optimization, and I was just adding a bundle.

And then for LTV, it's already kind of like staggered in there and like doing well. So we primarily focused 90% of the actions on getting this account moving forward was all the creative side. There was some other improvements we did in the business, but everything that made this significant impact and performance was the creative, and that's all we focused on with this account.

So the actual goal and objective with this account is that we need to get to a $30 CPA. If we can get to a $30 CPA, we can spend as much as possible for this account. We have a $42 AOV, so we're averaging like a 1.5, 1.4x return on ad spend.

That's perfectly fine because this is a subscribe and save product. It's a very, I wouldn't really say addictive product, but it'd be the equivalent of me selling energy drinks where if I find one I like, I'm going to keep buying it over and over. And that's very, you know, ideal with this particular product and y'all see the product and everything because I'm about to show you all the creatives and stuff.

But yeah, so just kind of giving you all the briefing of how we're approaching this particular project right here and just kind of understanding what we're looking for here. So let's begin. And just for like making this very simple for me to show y'all, all I did was just click on the campaign.

I deselected all ad sets. So there's no ad sets selected. So that's why it shows just all the ads like this.

So I'll make sure I'm very clear on that because then people will be like, well, you just loaded all these ads in one ad set. No, I just don't have any ad sets selected. So it's just showing me all of the ads of that campaign as a whole.

Just want to be very clear on that right there as I start diving into this. So this is week number one right here, which week number one was like a little bit of the end of July. And then the first week of August, a week for me is Monday through Sunday.

That's a week for me. So just so y'all can clarify, you're going to calendar right now and look at July 29th through August 4th. That's going to be a Monday through a Sunday.

First week, we spent $348 with a $348 CPA. Right then and there, every dropshipper would have been already out. All right, I'm done.

I'm moving on to the next product. So here's the creatives that we tested during week number one. And I'm going to pop this up real quick.

This was the main creative right here. This is one of our first tests. And I'm not going to show y'all the product because I want y'all to start to like...

And what I mean, I'm not going to show y'all the product. I'm not going to tell y'all what the product is and what it does because I'm going to let y'all kind of get y'all own like understanding of it through the creatives. Because if the creatives do their job, then you'll actually understand what the product is.

But yeah, this is literally the first product right here. This is a very simple creative that the team made. Let's see.

Good vibes only. Yeah. I mean, to be fair, I don't really know exactly what was going on.

The main goal here was to showcase that good vibes in terms of what the product does. You're going to have good vibes with it. And then without a sip, because we're trying to promote that you're basically going to get like a buzz because the product...

That's what the product does, gives you a buzz. But without a sip right there. So this creative actually carried us for a good amount of time right there.

It does significantly get better. I think initially it started off at a $345 CPA, but it actually gets really good. I think it gets down to like a $60 CPA for a good period of time right there.

And then we also launched 101, which I'll show you all 101. Let's see. 102.

Oh, wait. Actually, I don't have 101 right there for y'all. Let me see real quick.

All right. I'm going to have to pull up 101 separately real quick in a second. And then we also had this TT1 right here.

We launched TT1. It was a TikTok we pulled from their organic, but we actually had to shut it off. Like I think it literally only spent $0.07.

And we had to shut it off because we didn't get approved by the client first. And we were completely unaware. 99% of our clients we work with, pretty much any of their organic posts is free game to add to the ad account.

But this particular post right here included an influencer that made sure that it was only specifically for organic. And that they would have to pay extra to do paid advertising. Which I think is pretty terrible right there.

Any type of influencer you work with and they say you can't use it for paid advertising too, then I just wouldn't work with that influencer unless it was like, you know, high level influencer. I know for a fact we'll make a big point. It's like impact my brand.

So yeah, so we only ran it like literally seven cents of that. And then we also used two of these other statics, which I'll pull up a little bit later. Just because I don't know why they're not populating right now.

Cool. Cool. Now we're going to go to week two right here.

Week two, we can see that we spent $314 for the $62 CPA. That's overall for the account average. And you'll notice seven days in a week, we're spending $50 a day as well.

Also, I want you to keep that in mind right there. Main reason why we're only spending $50 a day right now, even though we were approved for $100 a day, this is a brand new ad account. So we were limited by budget.

So make sure y'all are aware of that. I even still run into those issues if I'm ever launching a client from scratch with budget being limited to like only $50 a day. Y'all can see that 102, this good vibe only brand ad creative that we, you know, just showed y'all.

That one is taking majority of spin with a $58 CPA. So this is my baseline right now. My target again is 30.

So I'm not going to turn this off because there's nothing giving me a $30 CPA. So I'm leaving this ad running as this is my current baseline to beat. My current baseline, my best performing ad is $58 calls for purchase.

This is my best performing ad right now. When I ask people all the time, hey, do you have a best performing ad? They're like, no, I don't.

I'm like, okay, so you have no ads right now getting new sales. Like, oh, no, no, plenty of ads giving me sales. I was like, okay, well, what's the best performing ad right now?

It doesn't have to necessarily be your like profitable ad. It's just your best performing ad right now. Go ahead, Andrea.

You had a question? Yeah. So you wouldn't turn this off to try to test the other ads just because they haven't gotten any purchases.

Because we don't know if the other ads have any potential because they're not showing. So you wouldn't turn it off. That's when we get to next for you.

Absolutely. So, yeah, like Andrea said, the next question is, well, why would I just turn this one off and let the others get ad spin? That's a great question.

I've seen this go back and forth so many times. There's no really like, I guess you could say, quote unquote, right or wrong answer. For me personally, I noticed that whatever ad gets the most send, it's getting sales and everything like that.

Even though it's not hitting my target, I'm leaving it on because it's giving me consistency amount of sales. It's giving me something I can set as a baseline. These ads right here are not getting any spin.

It's all the spin is going to this one right here. And I mean, like they're getting some level of spin. But the reason why Facebook is spending the most on this ad right here is because this ad right here is like people are actually resonating with it.

People are engaging with it. People want to see the ad. That's why Facebook is spending the most on it.

Whereas Facebook is struggling to find people to spend money on these ads. How do I know? Because it's spending all the money on this ad right here.

If these ads right here were better than this ad, Facebook would spend more on it from an engagement perspective. So that's how I look at it. And there's no, like I said, there's no right or wrong answer.

You could technically turn this ad off because it's getting not your target CPA. That's what we used to do. And I find you just get in way more of like a decision.

Like every day you're a lot more like reactive and stuff like that. And you go through a lot more decisions you have to make. And you also go through a lot more stress as well because it's like, okay, I'm going to turn this ad off today to see how these next couple of days go with these ads.

These ads don't work. You have to turn this ad back on. Then you launch new ads.

Those don't get more spin. So you turn this ad again off. Then you let these other ads try to get spin.

Then like you're just, you're constantly going back and forth. And I find just letting it spin, setting that baseline and focusing on beating that baseline has just always been the easier way to go and the more stable way to go. Because at least you're still getting purchases now flowing in at a stable rate.

And now you can focus on beating that baseline. That's the way I like to look at it right there. Again, you're not technically wrong for turning it off.

I'm just saying that, hey, I did that before. And it's just a lot more back and forth that would end up just giving us decision fatigue and not solving the real problem, which is we don't have an ad that's better than it. That's the main thing right there.

Cool. Can I have one more question about that? So if you have two ads and one is sort of spending the most, the CPA is not what you want.

You have another ad that's also spending, but it's taking less of the spend, but the CPA is better. In that case, you do make the decision to turn off the one that's taking the majority of spend. I would need more context than that.

So like, let's say, for example, right here, like 01 right here had one. Let's just say it had one purchase for the $30 cost per purchase. So yes, it has one purchase.

Yes, it has like a better CPA. Again, I'm just making an example here. If it had a $30 CPA with one purchase, I still wouldn't turn off the top spender because it only has one purchase at a $30 CPA with a, you know, almost 10x less, like one-tenth of the ad spend.

So me assuming that it's going to maintain that CPA is very rare. So, but let's just say, for example, this ad had $200 in ad spend with like 10 different sales with a lower cost per purchase. Oh yeah, I would definitely turn it off because there's a lot more purchase data on it and it has very close, very similar ad spend.

Does that make sense? Yeah, so it has to have some significant data. Even if it's the lower spender, there has to be enough data there to suggest, I mean, then you could turn off the main one.

Correct. Yeah. I would want ad spend to at least be pretty close.

That's the biggest thing right there. Because like Jen said, you know, like let's say this one only had one sell right here with a $30 CPA. Oh yeah, look, it's hitting target CPA.

Let's scale it. Usually there's a reason why Facebook's only spending a little bit amount of money on it. And the minute you turn off that high spender, it just tanks everything.

You get worse results. Okay. Yeah, thanks.

No, you're welcome. All right. And then just to show you all that creative from week number two, this is the creative we ran.

It's a video. I'm not going to play the video because to be fair, it's literally just a video and like the camera's just zooming in. That's it.

So I just took a screenshot for y'all, but no calories, just the buzz. Y'all can get a better understanding now what this product does. All right.

Now we're going to go to week three. This is a great example right here for week number three, because we spent $212 with a $212 CPA. So we basically got one sell this week.

And this is a great example where we let an ad run for a week, which was this ad we launched in week two. It took overall spin in week number three. And guess what?

We were getting a $58 cost per purchase, and this ad took overall spin and put less spin on our original winning creative. And it had zero sales. We spent literally, I think, $20 in week two and $100.

So we spent $150 on it with no sales. So we turned it off because our original ad that was getting all the spin that this one beat had at least a $58 CPA. So it actually hurt the baseline.

Baseline was $58. Our goal was to beat the baseline. This hurt the baseline, a $58 CPA.

So we turned it off. And then you'll see the original one get overall spin again and help our performance. Was that a question on that?

So how long did you give it to confirm that it was not beating the $58 baseline? So I gave it seven days. Keep in mind here, Jen, we're spending $50 a day.

So you weren't really tripping. Yeah. So we only spent a total of $150 on this creative.

If I was spending $1,000 a day and I spent almost $7,000 on this creative since it took overall spin for seven days, that would be – I would not want to be dealing with that conversation with a client. That would just be extremely looking bad on us. Yeah.

But if it was for a full day and with $1,000 of ad spend and it had like a $200 CPA for a full day, I would immediately turn that off. It's just because we're spending so little. I have to give things longer time frames.

Right. So that – That makes sense. Yeah, I can do what it does.

Okay, thanks. Nick, is a three-day good for like maybe anywhere from $1,000, $2,000 a day? Three days for what?

To see if it's working or not. So for me, I've been switching over to seven days purely from a systemization perspective because like you'll see in this account, we're still kind of launching just randomly throughout the week. Like just from a systemization perspective of having the whole team like, okay, every Monday we're launching everything and nothing else gets launched throughout the week.

That's what I'm moving over to because from a system side, it's easier to manage. And also too, if I only run a creative during the weekdays where it has a statistically higher chance on the weekend to perform, then I'd be limiting its possible success. So this account, we're still kind of doing – we're doing seven days in this account because it's such a low budget.

But now we're starting to make it a standard for seven days and launching everything on Monday. And that way we have a more repeatable system that's easier to manage. And then the second thing is seven days is where our goal is.

But I'm giving it seven days for a chance to spend. If it takes overall spend on day one and just destroys performance, bro, I'm not going to let that run for seven days. It's like I'll be losing clients very fast.

No, I get it. And I have a quick question for you too just to backtrack a little bit. On the 180 days, I start taking that off and I'm seeing a way better cost per purchase.

And I know the theory is that you want to get new people and then retarget them, SMS, email. But what I'm finding is when we don't have the 180-day exclusion, there's people leaving really good comments on those ads. And I feel like that's what's really getting people over the hill to make the purchase.

So is it okay to take that away? This is where you have to be choosing your Narf star. For me, my Narf star on Facebook is NCPA.

Okay. If removing 180 days improves your NCPA because that people are leaving good comments on your ads, go for it, bro. 100%.

But if you remove 180 days, now you're just getting a lot more repeat customers and you see your NCPA rise, then I don't really care about the comments at that point. Like my Narf star is at NCPA. Okay.

Okay. And then if I see I hit like a ceiling, then maybe it's time to start dropping some ones with a 180 on it. Yep.

Okay. All right. Thank you.

You have to make sure you're making all your decisions correctly on the NCPA side. Okay. All right.

Cool. So, yeah. So, week three, interesting with this.

We're going to go to week four. We actually didn't launch anything in week three. You'll see that there'll be some weeks where we don't launch anything.

And then like one week will have a ton of stuff be launched. And, yeah. So, just giving you all that little heads up right there.

Week number four, they had some weird issues with like their Amex declining the Facebook account. And like their ads were down for like four or five days. So, we literally only spent $50 the whole week of week four.

This is also something common to us see with new accounts where like the new accounts, their credit card is still adjusting to now Facebook charging them often. And sometimes credit cards will literally like boot them off because it's like, oh, hey, this thing is drawing from your account every day. Again, it's not every card, but Amex, you know, did that for this particular client.

So, yeah. Literally like week four, we had a billing issue. So, you know, this client literally spent $50 for the whole week.

I think we literally had ads running one day that week. We did launch two new ads though that week. We launched 103 and then 105.

And I'm going to show you guys both 105 and 103 real quick. Take the ads off in minutes. Just the perfect buzz to wind down.

Discreet, inconvenient, sugar-free. We did do three photos in the flexible. I just, from a, just, again, quickly pulling all this together for you guys.

I just took two that I really liked. This was one. This was two right here.

Big thing you'll notice here is that both of them have the same copy and everything, just different visuals. And that's what we typically do with photo ads. Photo ads, we're typically going ahead and we're using the same copy on all of them.

We're just doing different visuals for it. This product is a supplement product. So I wanted to split kind of the difference between are we showcasing someone in that desired state?

We're kind of showing a person just very relaxed, very comfortable in this particular moment right here. Whereas this one right here, we're just more showcasing the product itself. I'm not really a big fan of the background image that, you know, my visual editor used for this one right here.

But, yeah, just to show you all two different examples right there, all using the same copy, just different kind of images with that right there. And then we also launched 103, and it's a video right here. This will become one of our new winning ads for a good period of time for this account right here.

All the captions are one-to-one with the audio, so I'm just going to play without the sound. One thing I didn't like about this particular creative was that 99 Reasons Why I Need to Try This New Kind of Adult Snack kind of gave me the impression we're selling almost like a sex supplement or something like that, like one of those chocolates or like mints or something like that. I'm sold.

So that was my only problem with this creative. I think it was misleading with what we were selling. I think it was kind of giving some wrong vibes of what we're being sold here.

And that's why I think this particular creative, it took overall spin, but it didn't do well on the CPA side purely because of just it was kind of misleading. People were getting this impression. It was more of like maybe like a sex type product.

And obviously, we're not selling that at all. So I think that was just a little misleading with this particular creative. And yeah, but this does become one of our new best performing creatives for a period of time right here.

And we're going to go over into, let's see, is this, yeah, week number five right here. All right. So week number five, you'll notice that 103 that we literally just watched, it starts to take spin.

But again, it becomes a winning creative just a little bit later and you'll see in a second. But we also launched 108 right here. Again, we're still spending, you know, this week we only spent $182.

Week five, week number four, we literally only spent $50. So we're still coming off this like ad account down for a few days. And then we also launched in week number five this other creative called 108, which technically actually didn't work well at all.

But I'm going to show you guys this creative real quick. This is one of those, I don't know if any of y'all seen this type of creative before, but we've seen it a few times now. And, you know, where he basically just kind of makes you, it looks like the thing that Instagram does itself.

This ad promotes a euphoric microdose gummy-like candy, which some people may find elevates their state without disturbing their functionality. And we just tested, again, three different versions. I'm just pulling two right here, for example.

Three different versions, all with like a different kind of like background image that you can see in the background. Now we're going to go to week six. Week six, we turned off 108, which was this one.

We spent $420. So we're starting to actually increase spend just a little bit. If you notice, because seven days at $50 of spins, $350, we're probably spending about $60 a day now.

And I think we started spending a little bit more just because, one, that ban for, or I say a ban, that billing issue for a couple of days. So we had some extra budget for the month to actually deploy out. And also, two, we were kind of getting to a point where it's like we wanted a little bit more spin just to see if it'll improve that a little bit.

But there's some scenarios where actually spending more will help out with performance. And then lastly, we were at that limit of $50 a day. And I need to spend a little bit to try to see where that limit was, like the next limit was at.

So I think we broke past the $50 a day limit. And I want to see what was that new limit from there. So I started increasing ad spend a little bit.

You'll notice the 103, the one with the girl a second ago that we thought was selling like sex candy or something like that. You'll see that that video takes overall spend with a $59 CPA. Our original ad was getting a $58 CPA.

But for some reason, that one just was not, I think, either rejected or just it wasn't getting any more spend. And it wasn't really working any well outside of like week number two or three. So this 103 takes overall spend.

It's kind of like technically our winner for a good period of time. We're early September now. So this is also another example right here why any new clients for my agency owners in the group right now or the call right now, any new clients, we always sell them on a 60-day term.

Because I find that our success with a brand new account in the first 30 days is very low. And that's everyone, right? Like that's not just us.

Like I know a ton of other agencies that struggle in that first month with a brand new account. And I'm talking about not a new client, a brand new account. So any clients that come on board that want us to run their ads that are a brand new company, I always sell them on a two-month term.

And I make them pay up front of that two months because I find that our better success for a new account comes between 30 and 60 days for a new account. And having that renewal for that 30 to 60-day mark is almost impossible to get that money. So basically they just work with you for a month and they leave.

And it's mostly just because they never ran Facebook ad for. They don't know like all this other shit they have to basically with all this. So for agency owners, I always get a two-month agreement for brand new accounts.

I make them pay the full two months up front. So that way when that 30-day billing period, I don't have to worry about that anymore because it's a two-month period. So just a little kind of business thing from agency owners in the group.

Week seven, we start spending a little bit more money. In week seven, yeah, Andrea, really good point right there about the expectation side. Week seven, we actually don't launch anything in week six.

We don't launch anything in week seven. And then I think it's all the way up to like week eight, we start launching more. You'll see week six.

Week seven, we push ad spend more. So if you'll notice, we're at like $50 today. Then I try to push it to about $100 today in ad spend.

The only reason why I did this, which is again, going back to what I said earlier about if we push more ad spend, what will happen to performance? Will it give Facebook more data? That was not true.

It actually only increased CPA for me. It went from $60 to an $88 CPA. What that tells me, we just don't have the winning ad share.

We still need better creatives in this account. Now, also keep in mind here, we have a lot of stuff brewing in the background from a production standpoint of getting creatives created. And there will be some weeks where, like I said, we won't launch anything and then build up a bunch of stuff and launch all at once.

And that's kind of what was starting to happen in the background here. Week number eight, we spend $886 with a $63 CPA. And you'll notice we launched three new things inside of this account.

Fab, I'm going to come back to your, let me go over these first and I'll go to your question. All right. So week number eight, again, we spend $886.

It's a little over $100 a day in ad spend. And then we launch 109. So I'll show you all 109 real quick.

There's no audio at all. It's just literally music playing. That's it.

Okay. Okay. We launched 106.

Say hello to your new ritual for relaxation and bliss. No morning hangovers, no regrettable texts, no fuzzy memories or empty wallets. Tipsy tops.

They're tasty and satisfying. They melt in your mouth like your favorite candy. Zero calories, zero sugar, but 100% mood boosting.

Loosen up and unwind with tipsy tops. Cool. And then also we launched 112 right here.

Give you a second to take that in. Now, I also want to point something else out too here. We kind of goes back to client relationship management.

Not to put anything on this client. Not to talk bad about this client or anything like that. Me and this client have a very good relationship and we have a lot of respect for each other and stuff like that.

But to be fair, we hired this particular creator early August. And it took them, I think, almost three weeks to ship the product. Just to ship it.

Not get it to the customer. Like literally to put in the mail. To ship it to the customer.

Or to the creator. And I think it took like a week for the creator just to get it. And then it took like a couple days for the creator to actually create the content.

So it literally almost took us five to six weeks just to get that content back right here. These are some of our early creators that we hired. So again, not to talk bad about the client.

Not to, you know, anything like that. Very high respect for the client and everything like that. Just, again, expectations for my agency owners.

That becomes an issue right there. But cool. So yeah, week number eight, we launched this.

We launched those three pieces of content. Something I want you all to notice here. Look at this.

109 right here. $166 of spin. This was launched on September 20th.

But a $27 CPA. So it's starting to get sales. And this is a great opportunity right here where it's getting such a low CPA.

That there's a possibility where it's going to beat that 103. And we'll be able to turn off that 103. Now, I'm going to show y'all week number nine.

But before I do that, I saw Fab and then Andrea. Y'all both raised your hand. Fab, go first.

Yeah, go first. I forgot the question. All right.

Cool. Andrea. My question was about for that creator or in general for creators, do you always give them kind of a word for word script?

Or do you ever sort of say, here's a product, you know, just create something promoting the product? That's a really good question. Inside the course, I go over how to film content.

And I specifically show how to use incense to get content. And I have like four or five videos around it. And one of them is breaking down the script and instructions I give to that creator.

Ideally, I'm giving them a script where each line has what I want them to do. So you're very specific with creators. You never sort of leave it up to them to kind of use their judgment.

Anything you can delegate off to a creator and that gives them opportunity to have fun is things they can fuck up. Yeah. So I found that.

If I don't tell them what to do, they don't do what I want. Yeah, I like to pretend creators like robots and they will do whatever I tell them to do. But if I lack being specific of what I want them to do, I'm going to get things that I would never want in my creators.

Yeah. So yeah, highly, highly important for that. And then once I start working with longer term creators, there's this one particular creator back when we're working with this one client, the mushroom space.

There's this one particular creator and we hired her early on. She crushed it. She was amazing.

And like, I literally got to the point where like, I literally just put her on payroll. I paid her $1,000 a month and she sent me 12 pieces of content every month. I did not have to send her a script or anything.

She was just really good already at understanding advertising. And she was a really good creator. And yeah, like I literally just paid her $1,000 a month.

She would send us 12 creatives. And I think almost all the time, like her shit would like take off and be winners. So it made my job extremely easy.

That's a unicorn creator though. Like I don't expect that of every creator. And the only way to find those unicorns is I think we worked with over a dozen creators specifically for that brand before we found her.

So that's also what you keep that in mind too. Okay. Thanks.

Yeah. Same thing with when we're working with Icon Amsterdam, for example, they have one particular creator, that same thing. More creators you work with, and this goes out to everyone, more creators you work with, you'll find those dime a dozen.

I know Zach has one like that right now for his business, which is really good. More creators y'all go through, y'all going to find those types of people right there. He's a pain in my ass, but he's good.

And the worst part is as soon as they start to see all of their creatives take off and become winners, they start jacking up their price a lot. Oh yeah. He thinks I'm just killing it.

I'm like, bro, I got so much expense. You have no idea. Yeah.

We were working with this one particular clothing brand and like their creator was charging them. I don't know. I want to say like, I'm just going to give y'all a roundabout number of like maybe a thousand or two thousand a month.

And then once he saw them cross, I think like a couple hundred thousand followers on Instagram and like all of their ads was this, his face. They were like, I think he would, they charge a crazy number of like five to 10 K a month if they want to keep working together. So yeah, I see it all the time in the creator space.

Nigga, I got a question for you. So do you use, you just only use incense or do you reach out organically too? I think reaching out organically is just a huge waste of time.

From again, from someone who did it, like when I first wanted to hire creators, like I remember like figuring out how to reach out organically. And then I ended up just wasting a ton of time. I think I spent like 30 days reaching out to people before I finally found someone to film a piece of content for me.

And then I was just like, there gotta be a quicker way. I started using Bilio. Bilio was the first one I ever started using.

And like Bilio is great. The only thing I don't like about Bilio is you can't talk to the creators before you hire them. Um, and then I moved over to incense and I really like about incense is I can talk to the creators.

They have a lot more flexibility of the different types of creators they have on that platform. And, um, you also can literally do like free content in exchange for product on, on incense. That's also the most cool.

I like, um, one thing I've, one thing I just noticed though with incense is that lately on incense, they've been taking a lot longer to get content back. Um, and it's just recently in the last like three or four months, we've noticed just like, it used to be about a week to two weeks to get content. Now it's going to be like three and four weeks to get content back from incense.

So we've been really trying to optimize that on our side. Um, and we had a client recently just use Bilio. And I mean, they were able to get like content back within like two days, uh, after sending the product off minus their like shipping time and stuff like that.

So, um, Bilio is cheaper and I would say faster, whereas incense is more expensive, a little slower, but I get more, uh, optimizations and stuff I can do with creators and stuff like that. And more flexibility with the creators are higher and everything like that on incense. What's the price, what's the price look like on Bilio versus I think incense, what they charge like 500 first or like quarterly or something like that?

Yeah. Bilio, uh, Bilio, I think it's like 50 or $60 a video. That's it.

And then incense, I have to pay, uh, $500 a month just to use the platform. And then whenever I decide to pay the creator and on average, I'm seeing a hundred to $200 per video on incense. Oh yeah.

Bilio might be the, me to be the goal. Bilio is phenomenal for people just getting started. Uh, 100%.

Okay. Nick, can you go back to the, to the two weeks, uh, where do you, you didn't run, uh, any ads? How much was the budget there?

Wait, which one? You say like, you didn't run ads for two weeks. Oh yeah.

Six and seven. Yeah. No.

So I ran the ads. I just didn't introduce any new creatives in the account. I'm just be very.

Okay. And how much it was the budget at that time? Uh, so this is eight 86 over 70, seven days.

This is seven 10 over seven days. So this was the a hundred dollar increase. So 50 to a hundred dollars a day here.

And then here, I think, honestly, I think we still at a hundred dollars a day at this time. It's just because Facebook has the opportunity now to spin up to 50% of your budget. I think that was the problem right there.

Oh, you spend like 110, uh, on average. Uh, can, can you go at the week eight? Yeah, this is week eight right here.

Yeah. So it's the slide 31. How many ads did you run after that two weeks?

Um, I mean, pretty much everything that has money spent on it. That's active that week right there. So as I see, we had one, two, three, four, five, six, six different assets live this week.

Um, three assets live this week. Uh, four assets live this week. Again, keep in mind, all of these are one asset, like one asset for 103, one asset for 101.

Um, I just have all the ads for this one campaign. I just, I don't have any ads, ads that selected. So, but these are all separate assets.

Okay. So. So you're running like a five, six DCT, a hundred bucks.

Yeah, pretty much. Okay. That was, that was my best.

Yeah. All right. So week number nine, um, 109 takes overall spin.

Y'all can see this. Like literally 109 takes all spin. We go down to a $31 CPA.

I never had to turn off 103, which was the previous winner. 103 right here. Um, I never had to turn it off because Facebook just started spending more on the winner.

Um, I never had to turn off any of these other ones as well. Um, yeah. So we were able to drop down CPA and we spent $936 over seven days.

So, uh, I think it's like $150 today right there. What a $32 CPA. Remember the beginning of the video or beginning of the call target CPA was $30.

So we're like literally inches away from our, uh, touchdown right here with this account. Um, obviously a huge, um, uplift for the client as well, because keep in mind, we're almost at the end of September and we're on a two month cycle right now. Uh, two month contract term.

So, uh, we're also getting close to that billing date. Uh, again, lesson for my agency owners in here. Um, my whole goal with clients is to consistently give them confidence that we're a good investment.

And that means I need to always need to have numbers trending in the right direction. So yes, if I look at an overall macro view of like when we first started till now, CPA is still not where it needs to be. But if I look at it more from, Hey, we found this winning ad.

We're able to start spending more money every day and we're hitting target CPA. Now it's just more of, okay, let's throw more money at this. So again, just a little lessons for the, um, agency owners right there.

Again, confidence is going to stem for we're seeing a right direction of where performance is going. But if performance was worse and, you know, originally getting a $58 CPA, and then we're now getting to a hundred dollars CPA and things are just looking way worse. They're not going to renew at you.

Very straightforward with that. Nick, did you show that video? I stepped away.

What video? Uh, for the winner. Yeah.

It's 109 right here. I'll play this one more time for y'all. It's actually very funny because this is a very simple video.

Yeah. Wow. I guess that's so organic.

Exactly. Yeah. I'm starting to see a very good trend right now of a lot more organic stuff taken off.

Um, Andrea is a great example. She has some winning ads recently. We went over on our one-on-one call where they looked very organic.

You're still applying the fundamentals, marketing fundamentals to it. You're just doing it in a more organic way. That's the key thing there.

Uh, if any of y'all read breakthrough advertising and you, it's the, one of the last chapters, it's called, um, camouflage and the best ads are camouflaged. Camouflage is where you're creating ads relevant to the content on the platform. So Eugene Swartz talks about this being like when he was writing ads, he was writing ads in newspapers.

So he made every ad look like a newspaper article. That was it. But also still with the goal of applying everything else, awareness, sophistication, all of those things.

So you're making it look like it's supposed to be on the platform, but you're also too still applying those marketing fundamentals. And this is something like, I know I told Andrea that she did a really good job with, because when she first came into this program, she, she was just kind of, kind of throwing random things. And then she learned about the fundamentals and the fundamentals actually hurt her a little bit.

Why? Because she was making things looking like too much like an ad. Now she's making stuff that's organic plus with the fundamentals and a little bit more intention behind anything now.

And now she's crushing it. Like y'all saw in her wins right there. So that's, that's a common thing I'll see once people start learning all these fun things, sophistication, awareness, desire, all of these cool things.

But then they also will see worse performance as they start getting better. And that's, that's also another key thing right there. It was a really good lesson right there for y'all to learn.

All right. Week number nine, obviously performance crushing. We also did launch 104 as well.

And I'll show y'all 104 right here. I've personally actually never watched this ad right here. So we're about to see, about to see what this looks like.

Okay. Cool. Yeah.

That was 104 right there. Oops. Let me check this out real quick.

All right. That was 109. Week number 10.

I mean, that was 104. Week nine. Y'all know something real quick.

Week number nine, we spent $900. Week number 10, we spent $1,600. So we're, I don't even know where we're at now.

I think we're just under $300 today. I think we're like $200, $250 a day right now. And that's been, we only watched one new creative this week.

104 did not work. Obviously did not beat 109. There's also something else I want to talk to you guys about.

When you find new winning ads, you're also raising the bar for yourself. Because now, like we have to beat a $58 ad, $58 CPA ad. Now we're going to beat a $32 CPA ad.

So like we're chip, like we're also raising that standard now. It's like if, I don't know, let's just say for example, you make X number of dollars per month and like you go from like $4,000 a month to $10,000 a month. Like hell yeah.

Start making more money. You start inflating your costs now. Now it's like you could never go below $10,000 a month in income or you'd be financially fucked.

So when you find a new winning ad, you're also raising the bar now of what's acceptable for a creative inside of the account. And that's funny when people are like, well, Nick, I can't beat my winning ad. I was like, well, yeah, you're not making better ads than what you currently have now.

And then also too, like from another perspective is this ad's crushing this particular like awareness, sophistication, all that. This particular audience, go find other audiences as well because there's no other reason to create more ads for that particular audience. Besides like maybe testing out different genders, different ethnicities and maybe different locations.

But for the most part, like there's not really much that's going to beat that same messaging anymore. Week number 10, we only watched one ad in week number 10. Week number 10 right here, it's actually funny.

This is one of my visual creators. So this wasn't the strategist assigned for this account. There's actually one of my visual creators.

He wanted to create ads. Again, keep in mind my strategist is the one that does all the scripting and like picking out the creators and hiring the creators. My visual creator is someone that it just literally sits in Adobe Photoshop all day.

That's it. And he actually came to me with an idea. He personally wants to run, which he's not responsible for making ads at all.

This was his ad ideas right here, which I thought was hilarious. And again, I thought it was funny. So they actually do decently.

They don't become a new winner, but they do decent right here, which I thought was good right there. So it's always cool to have a team where like everyone can kind of collectively provide feedback together and ideas to where it, you know, just team filling right there. Brianna, you had a question?

Yeah, quick question. So let's say you have a pretty good CPA. Like, are you still testing as frequent?

Just because like, I guess my concern is maybe like messing up performance. Kind of how you showed that one example of like, there was one ad that just started taking more spin, but didn't get like purchase and stuff like that. So how are you?

Yeah, that's a really good question right there. So something we do that's actually really good in like week number 11 right here is that we do actually do some stuff on the AOV side where we actually improve the AOV from like $30 to $42. So for me, it's you have four levers of control in the business.

You have your cost requisition, which is like nominally your creatives right there, and it's going to affect that. You have your landing page, you can tweak your landing page, you have your AOV, and then you have your LTV. Those are your four levers of control for profit in the business.

And, you know, when we scale on our clients like a million dollars a month, for example, we're constantly applying all pressure on all four of those right there to improve the overall business. Now, as far as testing new creatives, the idea behind that is that one creative will scale you to X amount. You just need to find one new creative and that's it.

Boom, just scale as much as possible. And the raw reality is that's false. Typically, what I'll see is the creatives that take you from $100 a day to $1,000 a day in ad spend will not be the same creatives that take you from $1,000 to $10,000 a day of ad spend.

So that's why we're always being proactive with testing to be able to, you know, kind of get ahead of that to where we always have like ammo ready to keep taking the business forward. Now, the other thing here is that there will be some weeks where we test less and other weeks we test more. You know, if like, let's say, for example, we want to kind of take a pause on testing creatives this week.

Like, for example, we have this one particular client right now. They're doing like $300,000, $400,000 a month in revenue. And we've tested probably over 100 creatives in the last three months with this particular client.

And like, they're just stuck at this one particular CPA. It's actually like $25. It's not even crazy CPA at all.

But they have a low AOV of like $50. I'm like, hey, what have you done to improve your AOV? And literally, they've done nothing since launching the business.

So like right now, we're only focusing on AOV. I'm like, pause everything we're doing. Creatives, everything.

Like, keep the ads, manage the ads and stuff like that. But we're only going to focus on AOV for like the next two weeks. Because if we can improve their AOV, like literally add another $10 of profit per order, like will be tremendous on the overall arching of like making the business more profitable on the month-to-month basis right there.

Versus just trying to find a new creative when we've done the action 100 times, like tested literally almost everything under the sun. If that makes sense right there. Yeah, it does.

Thank you. You're welcome. All right.

I noticed some more comments, questions. I'm just going to have a quick look at this. All right.

Cool. Some organic stuff. All right.

Lucas, as you chip away from a way and find what works, will the theme of what works stay consistent then and you can just repeat it? That's a great question right there. That's where we're looking, Lucas.

That's where we're looking at that iteration and variation thing I dropped in a group chat this week. Where it's like, all right, we just found this winning creative. How can we repeat it but in new ways?

And like one, like the two best ways I found is number one, just new locations. Number two, just new people. So like if we have a girl in a car sitting down and talking to the camera, then it's like, all right, I'll try different ethnicities of that same girl.

I'll test different genders. So I'll try a guy instead of a girl. I'll test different locations.

So she was in the car talking and saying that script. I'll test her on a park. I'll test her in the supermarket.

I'll test her in her bedroom, like different locations and stuff like that. So I've seen that work really well. And then that's also what we'll go into variations, which is just taking our winning hook, applying our 33 headlines, see which ones make the most sense with our hook, and then go and film totally new pieces of content with that right there.

Good job, Nick, with the AOV. What's the biggest ad style trend you're seeing? I mean, really, to be fair, it's just kind of going back down to that, what you call it, that organic style.

Can you also show the ad accelerator, show you how to learn from the failed ads, plan new ads for this brand? Yeah, that's all a deeper question. So for the ad accelerator side, I don't have that ready for this call particularly right here.

And that's just because this particular team member is behind on updating it. Now for the other parts, for the 99 reason why ads, great questions. I think it was mostly just because we saw it work for a competitor and we want to test it out as well for us.

Yeah, some of these ads were like things we saw from competitors and some of these things were brand new ideas that we brought to the table. I know our winning particular ad right here, our winning ad came from research of an organic style post we saw. And then I just kind of made my own version of that with our product right there.

All right, week number 11 right here, $1,700 spend, $27 CPA. Y'all noticed we launched a ton of ads this week. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.

That's seven ad sets with I think three creatives per ad set. Well, yeah, because we do a flexible with three creatives. So that's about 21 ads we launched that week.

I'm just going to kind of quickly, we split this up into 110 and 111, but then we split it up further into like you see 110A, 110B, 110C, 111B, 111C, 111A. They're all like 111B, 111C, 111A. All are unique ad sets.

We just got so much content back. We just needed a way to organize it. So, and this is kind of where we started to do, again, the key thing is, is where this is all content from what we know works, which is going to be that 109.

So if we go back over to 109 right here, boom. I'm just, I'm not going to play the whole video, but I just want to try to get the hand real quick. We ate these in public before going on.

We ate these tasks before going on public, but I had to leave early because I didn't realize how fast they work. So all of this 110, 110 and 111, these are all just examples real quick of what you call it, of just basically like kind of basically saying the same thing, just in new ways right here. So that was one example.

Let's just go over real quick. I think she films in a couple. Oh yeah, we did try a couple of different hooks.

So it's saying the same, we're kind of showcasing the same visuals. Um, but then we also testing, uh, you know, we tested different hooks with it as well. And this is just a raw footage right here.

All right, then let me go back real quick. 111. Oh, wait, actually, you know what?

That was just like 110A. Completely forgot about that. So yeah, she filmed in a couple of different locations.

That's what it was. So this one, literally all the same thing as this one, um, just three different locations she filmed. There you go.

So three different locations. And we did a different ad set for each one of these. We had three different ad sets.

We launched for these concepts right here. And then let's go over to 11. Uh, go ahead, Andrea.

And so had you turned off all the other ads that weren't getting any spend? So you only had those two? Yeah.

All of these ads, the previous week, everything else was off except for those two. Yeah. So if you look at week number 10, we literally had two ads running that week and I was 109.

And, uh, this random edit that my, uh, video editor made right here. So we literally had two ads running that week. Um, and then if we look at week 11, we had, I think this is what, like seven, eight, nine, nine ads running, nine ads that's running.

Um, that was two was our best performing or one was our best performer. One was like this other edit that again, we made last week. And then we had our, uh, different editing ad sets and stuff.

Cool. Um, and then, yeah, and this was the other one right here, literally the same thing. We just had her go shoot in new locations.

This is actually our winning creator right here that made at a one Oh nine. That'll I blow my rust. Cool.

Nick, is that, is that like a CBD? There we go. Zach got it.

Yeah. So these are, uh, these are, these are, uh, THC candy. Okay.

So, but it's low enough to where it's legal. Yeah. Yeah.

It's all legal. These need to remake the well Pharaoh, um, where he gets hit with the tranquilizer in the neck. That'll be a good one right there.

Yeah. Yeah. Start talking slow motion.

But yeah. So, uh, just to be clear. Yeah.

We're not trying to make her look sad. Um, it's just more of like, we're trying to reference because in Facebook ads, I cannot say CBD. I cannot say THC when Facebook ads.

So I have to just showcase the effects without saying they're high or anything like that. Um, that's also why like his fingers strategically placed to cover up that says THC. Do they, do they ship these with that, um, insert that says like, if you scan it, you'll see the lab results and stuff like that.

Cause I've seen people doing that. I've never heard of that. Actually.

That's a great question. I don't think they are. So, um, but yeah, so week 12, um, you know, we launched all those ads week 11, week 12, right here.

We spent $3,800 in a week. Uh, so now I think we're what, uh, see $400 would be 2,100 a week. So we're just up $800 a day right now.

And that's been October 14th through the 20th. You'll notice our main one is still crushing. Um, and then we have some others that are starting to take off.

One 10 B one 10 a. These are having some really good CPAs. Um, this is a great example right here where it's like, these ads are getting actually a lower CPA than our main one, but $3,600 in spin versus a hundred dollars in a week.

That's just not close enough for me to be like, oh yeah, let's turn off our best performing and let the ads been go to these. Um, now I'm not going to turn these off either because technically they're not horning the business. Anything that has a lower CPA than my highest spending ad is not horning the business, but also to just to point something out, like, let's be realistic here.

This had three sales, um, versus the 135 that we had as a total. Um, so it had a very, like, I don't know, what is that? Three divided by 135.

That had a 2% impact on the business. Um, and let's see, three, five, nine. So nine divided by 135.

So these four ads together, these three ads together have a total combined impact of 6% on sales right now. Not really a crazy amount of impact, but I just also want to be realistic here, right? Of, of like, Hey, can we leave these lower spending ads on?

You can, but just understand that the level of impact they're having on the business. Um, go ahead, Andrea. Sorry, I'm asking too many questions, but, um, so the one problem I have with that rationale is that it doesn't totally match how people engage with the ads because there's, when you click on an ad or you look, you watch an ad, then you get thrown all the other ads.

And there's data that shows that people need to see an ad, what, seven to nine times before they buy. So you don't want to just show them the same ad over and over again. So it's not that those are not doing something like the people are seeing them.

And then, and then my other question is like, what, which, which ad gets the credit when somebody finally takes the conversion action? Is it the first one or is it the one they converted on? That's a great question right there.

So you're not technically wrong, right? Like, um, this is also too, where it's like, if we went and turn off these three creatives right here, if we went, turn these off and performance, like did terrible, then like, obviously I would want to go ahead and turn those back on. Cause yeah, technically your theory is correct.

Um, from there, it really just comes down to testing and seeing that. And then two, what's the level of impact on these, right? Uh, cause you also have to keep in mind, like they're spending very little compared to this amount.

Um, so yeah, I mean, realistically, I can't, I can't say yes or no to that. And it would just without testing it first. That's, that's the only thing you have to look at.

Um, and then the second thing is I'm totally okay with that. As long as it has a lower cost per purchase than my highest performing ad, because all that's going right there is it's raising the overall numbers up. Not, not a lot though, cause it has four cells with a higher CPA than this one.

It's not going to raise it by a lot. Cause that's such a little like percent of impact and performance. Um, but we do have to know that is, will impact at some degree right there.

And do you know which ad gets the credit for a conversion if they've seen multiple? Is it the one they finally convert on? Yeah.

So without like, you could use like triple well, for example, or since you have a call funnel and you could do like high rows, for example, and then you could go look at first click basis. And the first click will tell you, all right, what's the actual ad that brought revenues in the business? Um, you know, for most of us, we keep it pretty simple of just like, okay, this ad's getting this cell and we're just going to attribute it to that ad right there that it got the cell to.

Okay. So you're not wrong for looking at it either way. Just if you go start looking at first click, then like you'll see performance look completely different on the first click and you'll see performance look completely different on the last click.

And I'll see people just go in this wild cycle of bouncing back and forth. And like, they'll be looking at five different attribution models every day before they make the decision on one ad to turn off. And like, it takes them like 30 minutes just to figure out if they want to turn an ad off.

Um, again, not bad, just long-term consistency. That's not something that's healthy for you mentally. Is there a way on Meta to see the user journey through the ads?

Is there any way to see that? At least I'm not aware of it. Um, I'm only aware of using an attribution tool and looking at first click, the last click.

Um, and then they also have like linear and then like incremental, which I couldn't even really tell you exactly how those work. But I know first click and last click is what ad they clicked on when they entered the journey. That's first click and last fix.

I mean, what's the last side they clicked on before they converted? Okay, great. Got it.

So, yeah. And like I said, you can check out Hyros and, uh, Wicked Reports, uh, specifically for you because Striple is only for Shopify people. Um, I have experience with both.

I'm definitely going to lean more on the Hyros part, uh, than Wicked Reports. Um, but, uh, both are equally just as good. Cool.

Um, week number 13. We, uh, spent $7,900, uh, $34 CPA. So we, this is actually too, like, you gotta think about it.

We almost double budget again. Um, this is also where we're starting to see those limits now, right? Um, let's see.

I think our top performer went from a $28 CPA all the way up to a $31 CPA. Um, this is also one of those things where it's like, I don't like to look at outside factors. We also got to keep in mind this October 21st or 27th.

This is where things politically are starting to increase a lot, uh, during this period of time right here. So it's hard to say whether it's, hey, are we actually hitting a wall here and we need to find a new winning creative or there's outside factors politically going on. This is where, like, if you're running just one ad account, it's hard to say, but when I'm running like, you know, over a dozen ad accounts, it's easy for me to see that and also see things on like Twitter and see things in inner circle of like having this community aspect of, okay, Hey, people on Twitter are freaking out saying their ad costs are rising.

People in the inner circle is already freaking out to seeing that their ad costs are rising. We're also seeing costs rise on a couple other accounts. And we're seeing costs rise on this ad account.

Um, and the only thing that's coming up is the election. Then it's easy for me to say something like that. Um, but if I was only running this account, I'm in none of those communities or groups or anything like that.

Um, it does become a little more difficult to understand, Hey, is it ad problem? Or is there just more of a macro factor right there? Um, and that's again, just something I have to kind of pull through and take just all these considerations and thoughts when I'm running the ads of what's really going on here.

Um, so that's just one thing right there. It's kind of called out. Um, we did see what one 10, one 10 started getting, uh, let's see a hundred dollars of ads been over a seven day period.

This got $564 of ads been in a seven day period. So we got five times more ad spend with literally just marginable, better results or marginable, worse results. Um, we went from four purchases in a week on one 10 to seven purchases in a week with an $80 CPA.

Uh, so I think we turned that one off. Um, I want to say we turned off one 11 as well, cause one 11 B started getting a lot more spin, $6 of spin to, um, let's see, to do, to do $124 of spin right there. Um, so we, yeah, we started turning some of these off as we started spending more, um, and didn't really improve the business at all on some of these.

Whereas if you look at our highest spending ad, our highest spending item went from $3,600 of spend in a week to 7,000 or $6,900 of spend in a week with literally $28 CPA to $31 CPA. Went from 126 purchases in the timeframe to $219 purchases or 219 purchases in a timeframe. This really shows me just reinforce that.

Hey, just so winning ad for spending more on it. Um, and like cost per purchase is rising, but it's very, very little. So that's like a good thing right there.

Um, and then to be fair, literally the last week before election cost shot up a lot. Uh, we, we had to cut back on the ad spin. Uh, this was October 28th through October 31st.

This is literally, um, seven days before the election right here. And, uh, yeah, we had to pull back on ads. But I think, like I said, the peak we got to was $7,900 in a week, which is just a little over a thousand dollars today in ads.

Um, then we had to cut that down to about $500 a day. Cause as soon as we got to like 40, $45 calls per purchase, and it didn't make sense from our financial modeling. So we actually had to pull back a little bit.

Um, and then now we're kind of coasting around that $500 and we're starting to scale back up because we're starting to see performance pick back up in the account up that the election's over. Um, but I do want to show you all that too, right there as well with the election. What do we do in that timeframe right there?

And then now what are we resorting back to? Um, our primary focus right now is actually taking that one Oh nine and recreating it around the holidays, but we're also focusing right now on all of our black Friday ads, which we're in the process of launching as we'll be launching black Friday next week or two. Uh, for this particular account.

Um, but yeah, so from there, this is literally from July 1st to July 31st. When we first started with this client, what are these $244 with one, uh, CPA or one purchase to, uh, October 1st to October 31st, where we spent $19,000 in October, uh, with a $33 CPA. So just shy of that $30 CPA that we were looking for.

Um, yeah. And we drove almost 600 purchases in October right there. So, uh, this, I know this lesson went a lot longer than expected, but, um, hopefully this was viable for y'all.

So I'm going to go through some of these questions real quick. Uh, all right. Looks like we pretty much got all of them.

Um, also be super hard to know how much to increase at what rate and if it starts to break down, which one adjust super complicated at the moment. Um, too many questions. No, you're all good, Andrea.

Uh, I love all the questions. Um, I, I think, uh, this was super valuable. This is, this is valuable for you.

Drop a one in the chat. And if this is valuable for you, let me do this again. Drop one in the chat because I've never done this before.

Um, and I think this was, uh, a really great opportunity for people to seeing, um, literally step by step, week by week of us, what we're doing inside of an ad account. Um, what I'll do is I'll try to find another ad account that we've scaled and I'll do one with an account we scaled. So like we're already starting off at a thousand, $2,000 a day of adsmen and then, uh, scaling that up to a couple thousand dollars today.

What's the difference with those right there? So, um, cool. I'm going to kind of just jump through real quick.

Let's see. Antoine had a question. In a situation like this, where you're starting to scale and you're at one, two K a day and adsmen and CPA starts increasing, you feel like you had a wall.

What's the next strategy for finding winning ads, new concepts? That's a great question right there. So that's also where it's like, we were talking with that about that other client right there.

Um, you know, are we, we've, we've focused a ton of time on creatives. And again, when we're scaling to a million dollars a month, we're focusing on all four of, uh, uh, creative AOV CPA, like landing page, all of those good things. And let me find a little chart real quick to show you all this.

Do, do, do. Good Lord. I have way too much.

All right, there we go. So when we're scaling to a million dollars a month, um, this is consistent focus right here. These four things, these four things, like we're pushing constant pressure on all four.

Um, if you noticed, we were very heavy on creatives for the most of this account right here. So like now that we've hit a certain level where like we hit a wall, we're still testing creatives. Don't get me wrong.

But we're also putting a lot more focus on landing page AOV and LTV. Um, we never tested a single landing page throughout this whole thing. So we have my team building out a whole new product page for this client.

It looks significantly better. Um, I think we were converting at like a four or 5% on this, uh, product right here for a conversion rate. And I know other products with the same level of AOV getting a 10% conversion rate.

So we're building a whole new landing page. Like if I, if I double our conversion rate right now and we maintain that same like post election, um, you know, CPA of like $40. If I double my conversion rate, I'll let it go from 40 to $20.

And I'll be at $20 CPA again. Um, AOV, can we get people to spend more? So right now people are coming into the business and they're spending, I think it was what?

$42. So we're spending $30 to require someone to spend $42. That's just AOV.

That's not counting LTV and all that stuff like that. So for AOV, um, this client is dropping a brand new product this week. That's in two, actually two brand new products.

They're dropping, um, well, I'm not going to go to those products right now because they're not live yet. And I don't know from some other stipulations around that. Um, they're dropping two other products.

That's going to compliment this product phenomenally. Right? So we're going to, we're going to do an upsell for that.

So we can increase that AOV. If we can get that $30 CPA and maintain that, but double AOV or not, not even double it. Let's just say we get it down to like $60, right?

18, $18 more. That's probably not realistic, but like, let's just say that we got to $60. Right now we're break even at like 1.3, 1.4.

And we got AOV up to $60 while maintaining a $30 CPA. We're at a two X ROAS. That gives us more money now to spend because we're willing to spend a scale at a 1.4, 1.5 X ROAS.

So now we can scale it like a $45 CPA. So that's also the other things that we're looking at is what can we do to improve the other areas of the business? Because sometimes we get so focused on here.

We don't look at these things. And sometimes we've tested thousands of these things and barely tested any creatives. And that's where the focus needs to be.

So it just kind of depends. But for the most, you want consistent focus on all of these. Constant pressure.

These are your four big levers in your business that allow for profits to come back in the business. And then last one's LTV, which for example, this particular client, we're just trying to get more people to subscribe and save. More people subscribe and save.

Then guess what? Like that's very easy from a profit standpoint because now we just have reoccurring subscription revenue and all that. And that's where we're going to make all of our profits with this business is LTV.

We're willing to break even on all of this because we know the more LTV, like the more subscribers we have and the nature of the product, people will stick with this for a really long time. So that's why we're willing to go hard on customer acquisition right now, break even, and we're making all of our money back on the LTV side right there. So the answer to, hey, if you hit a wall right now, it's kind of depending on where has been your focus right now?

And what are other big things you can do in the business on top of currently testing creatives to where you can help speed past that wall? I've seen people, they hit the wall of the creative side and literally all they needed to do was like improve their AOV and that was it. And then they could start spending more.

Whereas the new creatives just really wasn't working well. If you also hit a certain level with new creatives and like you're testing iterations, you're testing variations, and you're not finding any new winning ads, that's when you need to pivot and look at other sub audiences within that desire. Or you start looking at other desires for the product and you might have four or five desires that you're scaling into.

So that also plays another factor in there as well. And then lastly, if you're hitting a wall right now, today's Friday, November 15th. Black Friday is Friday, November 29th.

We are 14 days away from Black Friday. I always see performance tank 10 days before Black Friday. So November the 19th, I don't even know what that is, what day that's going to be.

But November 19th, that's going to be Tuesday. From Tuesday up until this day right here, I expect the worst performance. Why?

Because people are literally holding money back. They're waiting to spend that money on Black Friday because why would you spend money right now when you could get a much better deal than on the 29th? So, and I see that every year.

I sent you all screenshots of MER reports for three of our clients in the Telegram chat. I think I said that Saturday. You just go look back and search like Black Friday.

So you're about four days away from performance being bad anyway. So on top of that, it's just like, all right, where do I need to put my focus now to make the most of the next thing? So that's why I'd be like getting all my Black Friday creatives ready right now.

They should already be ready, but I'd make sure they're all ready. And then the next thing I'd be looking at is any other gifting ads we haven't launched. And I'd be getting all of that ready right now.

So that way, as soon as we get through that little period of time right there from the 19th to the 29th, then I'm ready to go and crush for the 29th. So that's a couple of things right there for like the brick wall that you're kind of going through. All right.

I got three minutes before I need to opt out. Hope you all enjoyed this. Y'all have a good, it's a good weekend.

I should be pretty active in Telegram throughout this weekend. Got a lot of stuff to finish up for Black Friday myself. So good seeing y'all.

Y'all have a good weekend. Y'all take care. According, we'll be in the group about an hour or two hours from now.

Have a good one, guys and girls. Thanks, man. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.