So I got a question the other day from one of my students in my free telegram group called Active Marketer, basically just asking me, hey, Nick, what's the highest amount of revenue you've done for a single client in a single day? And to be fair, like we've helped a lot of clients make a fuckload of money, you know, doing multiple millions of dollars in a single month. And it really took me a second to really think about it.

I actually had to go and scrub through a few different Google Sheets with some of the current clients we're working now with and just some of our existing clients, to be fair, that we did work with for a period of time. And there was this one client that we actually helped them do over $16 million in 2023. Specifically, we were actually working with this client for about two years before we actually ended up parting ways just because after we make clients a lot of money, what'll tend to happen is that they just realize it's cheaper to pay an in-house team than like our profit shares, rev shares and all that stuff that we charge.

We're on top of our monthly fee. So long story short, we helped this client make a lot of money throughout the year. I spent a little over 4.2 million in 2023, but we had one specific day where we did over $600,000 in revenue.

And not only to mention that we did $600,000 in a single day, we also did $500,000 two days later in a single day as well. So to be fair, to answer the student's question, I've done over $600,000 in a single day for one client as my personal record. So now I'm striving to hit that million dollars.

But yeah, so just kind of show you all a bit more. This is a Shopify screenshot. This is the actual like Facebook ad account screenshot from that particular day.

We spent $117,000 in a single day. For all those people that are questioning, hey Nick, is your single campaign per business objective strategy, does that work at high levels of spin? Well, for y'all to officially know, the most I've ever done was $117,000 in a single day.

So if you plan on spending anywhere between $50 a day or $100,000 a day, this strategy officially has been tested now for that range of ad spend, just for you guys to officially know that. Now, just to show y'all the MER sheet, basically, which is just a Google sheet that I used to track called the data. We ended up doing this on 11-21-2023.

We did $674,000 within 24 hours. Two days later, we did $551,000. So technically, I'm gonna call this video, how to hit $500,000 a day is with Facebook ads.

And I'm pretty much going to be going into everything today that you need to understand to where, you know, hey, this is not an average result. Not every brand on the internet is doing this. A lot of people will make it seem like on Twitter, every single client, every single brand, every single person on the line is doing millions of muffins, like, you know, everyone's a broke, and that's completely false.

Very, very, very, very, very few people hit this number. And even fewer people have even hit like 30k days as well. So be very clear on that.

Less than 5% of businesses will even hit a million dollars a year. Now, when I say less than 5% of businesses, that's not just Shopify. That's just collectively all businesses.

Less than 5%. That means five out of every hundred business owners will do a million dollars in a year in revenue with their business. Not to mention, less than 1% will hit a million dollars in a month.

So that means one, maybe not even one out of every hundred businesses will hit a million dollars a month. Now, the reason why I want to say these statistics first, just to be very clear here, this is not normal. This is not average of doing $500,000 in a day.

But what if I could go and position myself for the best possible chance of hitting that 500k day? What are the key things that I did that I believe created the biggest impact of helping us hit that $500,000 or that $600,000 in a single day? And that's what I'm going to be bringing out in today's video.

I want to go deeper into those key things there. So, number one, obviously you need a winning product. A lot of people talk about winning product.

These are the key things I look for. Has a greater than 70% gross margin. AOV sweet spot, around $75.

Just, it's extremely difficult to scale a product with a lower than a $75 AOV. Solves a problem in the marketplace. People are excited to tell their friends about it.

People use it daily. And there's a large TAM. And I'll go down into each of these here in a second.

So, let's just look at greater than 70% gross margin first. So, if I look at this, it's just some dummy numbers I'll put together for you guys. Let's have a $50 AOV or a $50 product to be fair.

It's $20 for cost of goods. It's $5 for shipping and handling. And that's shipping handling.

We pay specifically. And that comes out to about $25 per AOV in that sense. And that puts us up about 50% gross margin.

And that's going to have a break-even cost per purchase of $25 or a break-even ROAS of 2X. That becomes difficult right there because now technically we need like a 10 to 12, you know, pretty much anything below than a $25 cost per purchase is profitable. But like we would want some profits right there so we can be first-order profitable.

And in this case right here, like, you know, we would technically make not much money at all. It'd be very difficult to scale this. Now, let's say we increase the price of the product.

We add in some upsells. We get the AOV all the way up to $75. We're still at $25 cost per AOV.

Now, we're at a 67% gross margin, which is great. We have a break-even CPA now at $50. So we can spend up to $50 now.

Realistically, we'll probably get about $30 to $35 cost per purchase for this. So we'll definitely be making anywhere between $20 to $15 profit per order, which is great. And then our break-even ROAS is 1.5.

This is a lot better. This is a lot easier to work with. Now, what happens if we can negotiate with the manufacturer a little bit, work with them to basically go ahead and get a lower cost per AOV, then just look how much better that puts us right there.

Now, we can scale it on 1.36, significantly easier. It's going to be easier to spend a lot more money as well. And just overall, we're going to make a lot more money, which is the key here.

Now, for this, realistically, we only work with products that we can sell for about $50 to $100. If our AOV is lower around that $50 side, we want to increase upsells. We want to add in some bundles to where we can actually have a higher AOV, substantially easier to scale at higher AOV.

And then we also want to negotiate with manufacturers. Sometimes it's more difficult in the beginning stages because we're not doing enough volume. But then once we start doing a lot more volume, it's easier to negotiate with manufacturers to get lower product costs, which is really cool.

Now, next thing solves a problem in the marketplace. So there's a couple different problems that we can look at. Obviously, there's direct problems people have like, hey, I got a sore throat.

Hey, I got a broken leg. Hey, my Facebook ad, Roaz, is terrible, right? There's like direct problems you can go after.

So like in this case right here, problem, I never got to take a pick with, let's just say like my dad before he passed away. Solution, paint your life will paint y'all a photo together. That's literally a paint your life does.

Next one is problems within the current solution they're using. So problem, I love getting laser hair removal, but it's so expensive and so time consuming. So the solution, Roaz, Gid, and co-made the at home laser IPL for $200.

It's cheaper and you can also do it at home and it's easier. Now, next one is what I call just voids in the marketplace. Void is empty.

No one's currently like giving a product for that particular niche. So like for example, problem, there's no t-shirt brand specific for bikers who enjoy hardcore death metal. Solution, I make a t-shirt brand with only hardcore death metal for bikers on all the t-shirts.

We actually have a client that does a couple hundred thousand dollars a month that literally saw this exact void in the marketplace. So there's three kind of key areas you could go for right here. Now, next one is a large TAM.

TAM is just pretty much a total addressable marketplace. So like, let's say I wanted to make a clothing line for not brain surgeons, but left handed brain surgeons. It's going to be extremely small market.

Like this doesn't even does it justice. It's probably substantially smaller than this. Or I could go create a clothing line for sorority girls.

It's going to be substantially bigger. The bigger the TAM, the better. But again, the problem with a large TAM, it's also more competitive.

So that's why all of these things are really key right here when you go after a large TAM. Now, next thing is people use it daily. Now, for me, it's like the more space we can occupy in people's lives, the better.

Why? Because if we stay top of mind, where it's going to be easier for like people to talk about it to others. And to be fair, it's just top of mind, right?

Like this is the whoop band right here. I use this every day. Currently, my current streak right now is 180 days.

So 180 days, I've had this thing strapped to my arm. Almost every day, I tell someone about it. I tell my students about it.

I talk to people at the gym about it and stuff like that. Like it's always occupying space on my life. There's books I have like on the bookshelf that I've read once, tossed it down.

And like, it's not that I forgot about that book. I just I'm there. It's never top of mind.

And because it's never top of mind, like I don't really have any real reason to like, oh, hey, you need to read this book to people. It's just a very rare scenario where they're like, hey, I'm struggling with this thing, blah, blah, blah. And then like, oh, wait, I read a book one time.

What was it called? Oh, yeah, this. Whereas like the whoop band, like even people are not struggling with things.

I'd be like, this is fucking cool. Like look at all the cool stuff you can do with it. So ideally, we also want a product people use daily or multiple times throughout the week.

If it's something people use once and never use again, like it's just not going to scale because it's not going to occupy space in people's mind. If it doesn't occupy space in people's mind, less people talk about it, less people talk about it, the less just more organic purchases you're going to get to where like we can further increase the effectiveness of our ad spend. Imagine if you're spending money on Facebook ads and every purchase you got, that was it.

You just got that one purchase. But imagine every purchase you got, that purchase went and told three people about the product and also got you another purchase. So every purchase you paid for also got you additional purchase that was like free.

So just further increase the effectiveness of the ads. All right. Now we're going to go to branding.

This is basically where like 90% of drop shippers fail because they never switch over to custom branding. And ideally, once you break anywhere between $10,000 to $30,000 a month, you want to go to custom branding, it's just going to like significantly make an impact and how much further you can scale, how much you're going to stand out and like all of those other good things in the marketplace. So custom branding for me, it's like if everyone's selling an IPL hair removal device, like people are going to go on Google and search up IPL hair removal.

Because what you guys are not aware of is that there is a substantial amount of people that'll see your ads, won't click on it, but just go on Google and search your brand up or search your device up or like your product up on Google. And then if you have some generic as basic as name as everyone else, well, guess what? Like you're going to pop up with everyone else.

So you want to stand out from the competition with your own custom branding. So like for example, Skinco did, they named their product the Lumi. They didn't say laser hair removal IPL device.

It said Lumi, look what Lumi can do. Lumi is amazing, blah, blah, blah. And now when you go on Google and search up Lumi, you only see Rose Skinco.

So another way that's just a competitive advantage is give your product a name, not the generic name that everyone else has. That's going to substantially help you out a lot as well. So for custom branding, this is going to start off with the product design.

It's going to be the name itself. This is going to be the unboxing experience. So many people forget about the unboxing experience.

That is huge right there. And then the website design, all of that collectively together needs to be custom branded specifically for you. Now, again, so separate you from the competition.

You want to know where to start. Just pick five different products your customer use. So like, let's say for example, I'm selling women's women's lipstick, right?

A beauty product. I want to go look at five other beauty products a woman uses. I want to look at the product.

I want to look what colors it is. I want to look at their website. I want to look at what they call the products.

I want to look at how website works. I want to look at like all the branding around that. And then what I want to do is study those fives right there and getting completely different products outside of women's lipstick, if that's our product right there, but still within that space.

And then I want to pull ideas of things I like and don't like from those five brands and apply to my own branding to come up with ideas and stuff like that. So that's where to start out from there. Now, next thing is creatives.

We already know we need to be testing a fuckload of creatives. Like that's nothing new. But once you find a winning message, you want to increase creative investment.

So this is going to be a mix between volume and production. I'll go both over both of those. So for us, once we find a winning message, let's say we're doing 100 creatives a week.

Well, 40 of those creatives a week will be iterations. 40 of those creatives a week will be variations. And then 20 of those creatives will be totally new messaging.

So we want to keep doing iterations and variations on what we know work, which is 80% of our creatives. And then we want to do 20% new messaging. New messaging is new desires, new awareness levels, new sophistication levels, or new customer avatars.

And that's going to be your new messaging right there. Now, how many creatives you need to test a week? To be fair, as many as you can while you maintain quality.

I have people that are one man shows that can only build three to four quality creatives a week. And then I have other people that have 10 to 20 people in our creative team that can build 100, 200 quality creatives a week. Again, quality over quantity.

So purely depends on how good your team is at producing quality. Now for production, this is where another thing that I don't see a lot of people doing, and this can like substantially just end your competition here, where it's like, all right, hey, if we're already regularly paying $200 per video from content creators, and we know like every time this content creator films a video with this script, and we know it works and it crushes. Now, I want to increase my production investment and go up to higher end creators and pay $1,000 to $3,000 a video.

That sounds like a lot. But because we know this script works, we know this messaging works, it's been proven to make us money. The higher end creative creators now, this is going to be a lower risk because we already know that messaging works.

Now, from here, we want to increase trust and brand authority with these higher end creators. I don't know if you guys remember like the old commercials back in the day, like where you have TV commercials and stuff, and you'll have guest appearances from like different celebrities and stuff like that. The celebrity is not posting on their own social media about this commercial, but this company paid them to be in that commercial and this company now can show off this commercial with that celebrity in the commercial.

So in this particular case, that's the same thing here. It increases trust and brand authority now because the higher end creator is inside of our creatives itself. And yes, we will whitelist, but we're only whitelisting with creators that we know work.

Now, next thing is returning customers. Pretty much all of our clients that have been able to scale, they have a 40% returning customer, 60% new customers. And these are clients that have been able to scale to multiple seven figures a month and be able to stay there.

That's the key thing. Stay there. We've had clients scale to a couple of million dollars a month on just new customers, but they fell flat, like all the way down from like, if we have one client do three and a half million dollars in a single month, 60 days later, they did $30,000 in a month.

Why? Because they failed to increase their returning customers. And the minute their ads broke, their new customer acquisition source fail.

And the returning customers wasn't there to maintain profitability for the business to increase returning customers. Look, first things first, you need to start off with your first order experience. I always like to make the like analogy of like, hey, if I go to a new restaurant and never been there before, I go eat there and the food's terrible.

And the service is terrible, even though like everyone raves about it. But just so happened that one day, which is a bad day. Like I'm never going to go back there again.

A lot of you guys have a terrible first order experience. I remember working with this one client, and like 50% of the products that are being shipped out, we're arriving to customers broken. And then the client was like, hey, why can't we get any returning customers?

It's like, bro, your product fucking sucks. And you keep getting damaged packages, fix that first, then start worrying about returning customers. So first order experience has to be dialed in the boxing experience, the expectations, like people need to be able to use your product and actually get results.

You know, like if you're making all these wild claims about your product, and none of that is delivered upon, then that first order experience right there, you're not going to be able to get returning customers. Next thing is that you need to be able to keep solving more problems for them. So like if I have a beauty brand, and we solve XYZ problem for them, what are other problems around the beauty space that they're experiencing that we can solve for, for them to keep buying more products for us?

Oh, and also just to further add to this, this is why I love customer surveys, where I'll send out a survey 30 to 60 days later, and literally just ask them questions around this thing. What are other products you would love to see? What are other problems you're having?

What are other results you're trying to achieve? And that way, I can literally just get the data and make a product to that data and they buy it. Like a lot of people are so scared to survey their customers.

And I'm like, well, bro, that's why you're not at million dollar months. Because you're scared to survey your customers because you're afraid of some bullshit stuff like refunds or chargebacks. And that shows to me you don't got your shit dialed in.

Get your shit dialed in and then you'll be able to hit those numbers and maintain it. Next thing is that you need to have a long-term purpose for the brand. When I say long-term purpose, this is outside of why this brand exists to make you money.

This is more of like, hey, if we're in the women's beauty space, our long-term purpose is, I don't know, maybe make vegan cruelty-free makeup to give help women access more cruelty-free makeup or something like that. I have a long-term purpose of helping women achieve the body of their dreams. And I create a whole bunch of products for helping them achieve that, achieve their body, their dreams on a budget, for example.

So what's the long-term purpose that's going to guide all those other additional product launches? If you just keep, if you don't have any like long-term purpose, what essentially happens here is then you just launch anything and everything. And now your store is like, what the fuck is that store?

Is it Walmart? Or is it Dollar General? Because you're just launching anything and everything that you think is a good product.

Next thing is consistent launching products on a regular basis. All of our clients that are doing numbers, they have a consistent pattern or consistent launch schedule for new products. What essentially happens here when you do not have a consistent launch pattern, what will essentially happen here is you kind of just throw things randomly out.

And when things fail, you just like, oh, well, launching new products doesn't work. Almost all of our clients that have really high returning customer rate, they've tested dozens of products to their existing customers before they finally found a winning product. And then it started creating a bunch of more products around that.

So literally just like testing creatives, the same thing is applied for increasing returning customers. We're going to test products, we're going to gather data from customer surveys, and we're going to make intentional and logical product launches to have a high likelihood of improving that and turning customer rates. Now, last thing here is ad account.

Look, to be fair, I keep a simple ad account. One campaign per business objective. This particular client right here, we did the top two or three best sellers.

This was men's pants right here, what we're selling. So we took the top two or three best sellers for men's pants. We put them in each campaign.

We had a Shopify store dedicated to each country and each language. That's also super big right there. And then we kept everything as a CBO campaign.

Very simple. Look, increase, decrease the budget by 20%. You don't need to get crazy with it.

We focused on new creatives, new products, new offers, new landing pages to improve performance. So like when performance was bad, we didn't sit there and bitch about it on Twitter or like, you know, sit there and fucking day trade all day in the ad account. Like we focused on what we knew could control performance, which was everything outside of the ad account.

We didn't sit there in the ad account all day. Now the next thing less is more for me. So the less time I spend inside of the ad account, the more money my clients make.

The less time I freak out over day to day performance, the more money my clients make. The less changes I make inside the ad account, the more money my clients make. Why?

Because I'm letting the account just run. And I understand that literally day to day is just stupid to make decisions on besides like maybe increasing and decreasing budget. And it takes time.

Seven days is probably the best timeframe right there to judge performance of performance as bad. And just giving time for the ad account to spend and optimize almost every time just naturally improves this performance back and gives us the stability we're chasing. So for me, the less I spend on that and I focus on things like creatives, products, offers, and landing pages, things that actually improve performance.

I make substantially more money for my clients, which also makes me substantially more money as well. And that's why I've been preaching and also practicing a simplified ad account now for the last three years because it works. And we've taken tons of clients off of complex ad accounts and made them substantially more money in the process.

Now, just a quick recap, recap real quick. We've been over how to, you know, hit 500k days with Facebook ads. And, you know, if you're the very 0.001% of people that may have the possibility of hitting that, what actions you need to take by winning product, custom branding, and better creatives, and returning customers, and keeping a simple ad account structure.

Now, if you want me to help you out with these same things, if you're doing over 100k a month, and you're looking for someone to do all this for you, and you don't want to touch a thing, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads. Now, if you're doing less than 100k a month, or maybe you are doing over 100k a month, but you just want to work with someone in the sense of like, you want to do it yourself, but you just want guidance from a mentor who's been there and help you stop making dumb mistakes, to be fair, to help you scale your Facebook ads, if you want to be a part of a group of killers, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you, which is my month to month mentoring program. Now, if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Terrio, and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.