Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Stario and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to go over how we did $4 million in five months. So before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video.

So $4 million in revenue in five months and show you guys exactly what we did to achieve this number right here. Full transparency. This is a lead generation account.

And I'm going to explain a little bit more of why as an e-commerce marketer, you should listen to this in that sense right there. Cause I know you're probably wondering like, well, what the heck next legion and I'm an e-commerce dude, like what's going on here. So we'll jump into that, but just a quick little breakdown of the brief and things like that.

Um, we did legion. It's a, it's a medical membership of what we're selling. Can't really go into specifics of the product and stuff like that just due to client in like any aid and all that.

So there's only certain level of things that kind of like exposed in that sense right there. So, uh, we acquired 1,839 customers, um, what a $2,200 LTV of each one. So this $4 million revenue is coming in over like a year, two, three years, because it's, it's based off LTV.

Um, this company has been around for 20 years now. So their LTV is solid in terms of they've been around long enough to where they know their exact LTV. It's not a business that's just been up for a year and then boom, you know, this business has been around for a long time over 20 years and over 20 years, they know that when they acquire a customer, they're, they're going to make $2,200 off that customer membership starts off at, you know, under a hundred bucks a month.

Yeah, that's it. So I can basically say in that sense right there. They, we spent $834,000, uh, last five months on this brand.

We generated 23,728 leads with, um, an average cost per acquisition of $453. And that CPA is the overall CPA of the customer acquired. That's not the lead CPA or, you know, cost per lead CPL.

And that's since right there, the goal was $500 or below client basically came to me and said, Hey, we want our CPA $500 or below, and you can scale as hard as you can, as long as you're under 500 bucks and revenue we generated for them, uh, 4,045,800. But again, that's, that's going to be over about a few years and that's since right there. So not going to make that upfront, but that's the projected revenue essentially where we made right there.

So that's what, how much they're going to make over each particular client due to that LTV right there. Now let's just take a look at the ad account. Um, this is pretty much from the Vimmer first to April 1st, um, all the campaigns that we ran.

Um, and it's actually actually a little less, uh, it's actually 770,000, uh, we spent. So, um, it's actually less than $800 we spent right there. So, but yeah, so that's all the campaigns we run.

Uh, we can see right there cost per lead, some of our newer stuff, everything, everything looking good. What did we do? What exactly did we do?

How did we generate them such good results? So first things first, when we got in the account, we did audience research. We need to clearly be able to understand their audience for targeting.

And this is why this is where as a e-commerce person, you want to pay attention now. So I've been in e-commerce now since 2019, I've generated over $15 million in online revenue. And where I've learned is that I've become just a great marketer in general.

So this account, when we took this client on was more of just a proof to us that regardless of what industry we're in, we can generate results. If, as long as we focus on the marketing fundamentals. Okay.

So my objective right now, my personal journey has become the best marketer I can. And that's going to have a direct correlation with the performance we're going to get for our clients and that's right there. So we started off with audience research.

Uh, we, we looked into two areas. We want to look at assets they own. So recordings of sales calls, uh, demonstrational videos, and a lot of like just kind of demonstrational videos that they use for like the sales calls and stuff like that.

And then, uh, emails. So like they do email blasts, things like that. So we want to just review the assets they own.

So we have a clear understanding of what's working and how they're marketing this product. And essentially, then we also looked at call recordings to figure out the questions and the answers to questions from the consumers that are about to purchase this particular medical membership. And they essentially, what we did was right there is that we pulled some of those questions that we turned to ads, things like that.

So we just got a really good understanding of what's preventing people from purchasing right there. So we can address them in the ads objections. Now, outside research we did, we went on YouTube and looked up more content around this specific pain points, get a better understanding of the pain points.

We did some Google searches around this pain point. So we searched up the pain. We searched up things, different things like that.

And then we also searched up, just looked at comments on ads. We would look at the comments on the ads, find the questions, the objections, the reviews, why people purchase, things like that. That also further just went ahead and essentially, you know, built up our stack.

And we basically just created one Google sheet, just filled up full of information on that perspective right there. And that's where we're going to go into our building our persona. So to build our persona of the person who's the main, like obviously this particular product has a few different personas, but we want to focus on the main one.

So what we did was, is we mapped out the before and after state of the customer. Okay. So what is their current state right now?

Okay. What are they currently feeling? What are they currently experiencing?

What's the problems, challenges, roadblocks, all that good stuff. Okay. Then what is their desired state?

What is their goals? What's their vision? What's their desires?

All that fun stuff right there. Okay. So what's their desired state?

What's their current state right now? What's their desired state? So now we have to complete a before and after our product.

Now, how does our product help them get through to their desired state? That's where we also look at what's the specific things that our product does to get them to that desired state. What does our product do to remove the current problems, challenges, and roadblocks in our life right now to get them to their vision, their desires, and all that fun stuff right there.

So this allows us to really dig deep and map all of this out around this persona. Now, other things to look at, like other things we note on and stuff like that is common questions on ads. So we had a lot of questions on ads about this product and some of them that kept being repetitive.

So we take these questions and essentially turn them into ads to handle that objection. We also want to try to figure out assumptions the customer has. This is very high level stuff right here.

Figure out the assumptions and the beliefs that people have in their head about your product or your industry. And like basically go ahead and acknowledge those in the ad, whether good or bad in that sense right there. Now, another very high level tactic is objections.

So we're looking for the objections that people have. Again, you can see this in ads. You can see this on sales calls, things like that.

We can look at those objections. And again, we can further handle them and create creative surround those objections. And the lastly, it's just identifying what's the motivational factor to purchase your product.

Okay. So when you find that core motivation, whether it's, you know, people purchase this pair of jeans because they want to look good for girls, like, you know, our biggest desire on our customers that they want to look good, look better, feel more confident. Okay.

This particular product was a fear. The particular consumer had a big fear around what this product solves. And that was the fear was the motivation for this product right here.

So we really dig deep into that. Okay. Now, then what we start doing is we start to build out these assets.

Okay. So we start building new creative and new copy assets. Okay.

The strategist kind of briefs the team on what needs to be created. I'm basically the strategist on my team right here. I basically the one that, um, kind of steers the ship into, you know, what we need to create essentially right there.

So then our department copy, the apartment work, our copy department works on the copy. Um, and our creative department works on the creative and that's centric right there. So we start building out a fresh new batch of copy and a fresh new batch of creatives.

And that's centric right there. So this right here is two, three weeks, like two weeks of all of this right here. It takes a lot of time.

It's a lot of attention to detail and it's building out the right things. That's going to, you know, generate sales essentially now diving into the ad account side, the side that you're probably watching this video for. So our initial analysis, they had no main scaling campaign and they're creating and testing new audiences with same ads being ran for months.

So they take, you know, they had like five or six winning ads. It put it in an audience that run that audience for a period of time to cut it. And it put a new audience in there with those same five, six ads running for a period of time, cut it.

Okay. So that was it. Um, and there was no dedicated creative testing campaign.

So they were not testing the creatives, new copy and all that on a weekly basis. And at the time they were probably spending roughly two, $3,000 per day. Basically what they spent in 10 months, we spent in the first five months of us working together with them.

So we spent double than what they've spent. And that's essentially right there ad account revamp. So this is everything we did.

So we basically came there and we created one campaign, a single CBO campaign with one brand ad broad ad set in it. And we took all those winning ads that they had and just toss it in there. And we set the budget at like maybe a thousand dollars a day, right off the bat.

Boom. No a hundred dollar a day in scale up to a thousand, just boom, thousand flat go. And that actually performed really well.

Like we see some really amazing performance, but then we start pulling budget from those old campaigns. So eventually it's where we just turned them off and putting it all that CBO and kept, you know, pushing more and more spent to it. Okay.

Then what we did was, is we started testing, uh, we created a creative testing campaign. And then we start Chris, uh, testing creative on a weekly basis with new assets. So all those new assets we started to develop, we start testing those.

And we started finding new winners. You know, we spent 800 or $772,000 in the last five months. And we have like five solid winning ads that we can put 50, 60 grand a week into right there.

So, um, when you find, when you test new ads on a weekly basis, you're probably gonna only find one or two new winners a month, but those one or two new winners are winners that you can spend a bunch of money. Like I want to be able to put a hundred thousand dollars behind an ad, uh, profitably. So that's what I'm looking for right there.

Now problems we ran into as we're going through, cause it obviously like this just makes it look so simple, but there was a lot of roadblocks as we were working on this over the last five months. So as we scaled CPL starts to rise, this is your cost per result. This is your robust.

Like all of you guys experienced this. Like we experienced this is just a common thing. What did we do?

We didn't freak out. Um, maybe we pulled back budget a little bit, but 20% at most and let it coast. It feels seeing good performance.

And then we implemented our solution, which is test more creatives. So CPL starts rise, boom, step back, test a bunch of new ads, found some new winners, dropped it in and allows us to scale further. That's it.

That's how we kept scaling, scaling, scaling. And we're spending $11,000 a day right now. Um, and that's been client wants to double budget within a sharp period of time.

Uh, 20% rule wasn't going to work. Client basically came up to me and said, Hey, we're spending $5,000 today. Right now I want to spend $10,000 a day.

All right. How long do we have to now? Okay, cool.

So what we did in that sense right there, what we did was, is we, we launched a new campaign at $5,000 a day and boom, it works. We had two $5,000 a day's campaign and I shifted budget from one to all the, to the other. Okay.

And it worked now. Let's say, for example, it didn't work. What would I've done?

I would have tested. I would keep testing new creative every single day. And so I found new winners that can spend $10,000 a day on.

That's it. Very simple. Last one is angles with top work.

So we'd run an angle. Like we'd find a new, we'd test some new creatives. We'll find a new winning angle would run it for like two, three weeks.

And then the angle would just stop working. Like all new creatives that we apply to that ad copy and stuff like that would just stop working. So we tested new angles around the product and those new angles and new ways or creative angles would essentially help pro like find new winning angles and, you know, help us scale further.

So, um, our best performing winning angle right now is I think roughly like a $25, uh, cost per lead. And we spent $65,000 over the last seven days and 36,000 of it was on that one particular one with the $25 CPL. And the overall CPL is 34, $35 as that's our CPL goal.

So we're actually getting a substantially better CPL. That's right there. So yeah, lessons learned from this is double down on broad and stop audience testing.

Um, this was probably like one of the first accounts that we just kind of stopped audience testing on. And now we rolled that out to all of our other accounts and we've seen a big lift in performance. Uh, we just focus on broad.

Uh, we focus all of our attention on the creatives, copy and angles, creating three new high quality assets a week. So we also focus on creating new ads every single week. That's really big right there.

Next one is simple ad account structure. Let's just scale faster. We only spend 30 minutes a week in this, an ad account that's spending 9,000 plus a day, $10,000, you know, up to $12,000 now filming this video.

So we only spend 30 minutes a week. How do we do that? Well, we're getting an ad account.

We're adding in new ads. Boom. We'll put those testing.

Okay. We're exiting that account. We pop back in that account.

We look at those ads that are testing. Do they work? Yes.

Okay, cool. Copy paste into main scaling campaign exit out. Cool.

Hop in that account. Look at the main scaling campaign over the last seven days. Any ads suffering, just not performing.

Yes. One or two. Boom.

Turn those off. Okay. We're out.

That's it. It's only adjustments we're making. And then it might be budget adjustments.

And then those budget adjustments are sensible as increasing budget by 20% or Hey, we need a double budget today. Okay, cool. Like let's, let's figure out the best way to do this.

You know, there's a few different ways to do it. Here's the way we're out. We're going to go.

Boom. We do it. That's it.

So we're in and out of the account 30 minutes a day or 30 minutes a week. Yeah. 30 minutes a week.

We're in and out except very quick. And yeah, and that's the lessons learned. Um, and that's basically how we did $4 million in revenue last five months client, super happy.

Um, it's been $12,000 a day right now, or it's like, it's like 11,000, some change we're spending per day right now. And we're going to be shooting to go to around the 20,000, $30,000 a day range. Um, now I know, again, I know it's Legion, but there's no difference in how we approach this as we approach an e-commerce account.

Okay. Once you develop the marketing mindsets, you're approaching them all at the same. Okay.

Everything we do is for this account. We do the same for purchase conversions account. So we optimize for leads in this account, purchase conversions account for like e-commerce.

We're doing the same exact thing. So there's nothing unique here. Like it's only reason why I'm making a case study on this is because we've essentially started to master our process in terms of that we can apply it to any specific industry.

And that's it right there. So yeah, guys, thank y'all so much for watching this video. You're a business owner and you make at least $50,000 per month in revenue, preferably a Shopify business owner, um, unless you have a really cool offer for Legion or a course or consultant and stuff like that.

Click the link below to book call with me and my team, put a strategy together for you. Um, you can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us. If you choose ever making less than $50,000 per month, um, I will be releasing a course and it'll be around just acquiring more customers and how to be a beast at creative copy and like audience research and that side right there to create some ads that acquire a lot of new customers.

So I will be creating something around that. Um, we'll have another video on more details on that right there. But in the meantime, hit that subscribe button, hit that like button for new videos.

Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, these videos are designed to make you more money. So I wish you guys the best. Thank you so much for watching.

My name is Nick Terrio. Peace out.