We did $1 million in 14 days with Facebook ads and Shopify. And today I want to reveal to you guys what went right, what went wrong, some things that you need to look out for when scaling to a million dollars in so short of a time. What's going on guys?

Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio. If you're new to the channel, I run an e-com group agency and we help brands go from roughly 50 to 100k a month all the way to seven figures a month in revenue.

And I create all this content completely for free with you guys. So if you're curious how I can help you, click the link below. So book a free strategy session with me.

My team will do a strategy session with you and you can ultimately take that session and run with it or you have the opportunity to work with us if we think you're a good fit for our agency. Now, before we get started, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. That being said, let's dive into it.

So $1 million in 14 days with Facebook ads and Shopify. Yes, this is real. I know that sounds insane.

We've done a million dollars in 30 days. We've helped the client do 2.5 million roughly in about 30 days as well. And this is the first client we've done in 14 days.

So this is definitely a really powerful case study for us. Something that we've done really well for us. Here's the triple well.

Just to show you guys the triple well numbers in that sense right there. The first through the 14th took us, we spent roughly about 274,000 euros on ads with 1 million euros in sales for 3.89 overall ROAS. And roughly about a $552,000 profit.

Again, there's still a few other expenses to this. So, you know, for this particular client on the lowest possible end, they're probably going to clear about 250 highest possible. And they're going to clear about 500K profit from this particular period of time.

So just to show you guys some other stuff too as well. Here's the, our internal daily tracking sheet we use to track daily revenue, daily spend. You can see right here, this is the Facebook spend.

A lot of people like to confuse this and think this is the Facebook revenue. No, this is the Facebook spend, the Google spend, the total spend of those combined and the total revenue of Shopify combined. FTC is first time customer revenue.

So you can see predominantly this business relies on first time customer revenue to operate. And we're actually actively working with them right now to extend that and increase that returning customer revenue rate to be able to actually increase the amount of people coming back and purchasing from them. And as well, here's a ad account screenshot.

First through the 14th as well, just show you guys everything we have ran. So I want to talk about four key things in this video. I've already actively done a case study on this a couple, you know, days ago where he talked about a hundred dollars to a hundred thousand dollars per day.

And I wanted to take a different approach to really talk more about four keys that you really need to put in place for your business. Okay. This is the ads, the systems, the offer, and the inventory.

Without these four things, it becomes really, you know, pain in the ass to scale. And I really want to talk about that. So ad side, um, ad account, first things first is, you know, we need a simplified ad account structure.

And I know you guys are looking at this like, Nick, that's not fucking simplified. I completely agree. And I'm going to show you exactly what I mean by that, because this is simplified.

It's just, there's a few other things going on here to make it look crazy, but it actually is very simplified. And I'll show you exactly in a second. And the approach we take is the one campaign approach.

Okay. One campaign per business objective. Okay.

And I have a full video on exactly how to run one campaign per business objective. It's called how to run dynamic creative ads on Facebook, 2022 tutorial. It's the exact structure we leverage to spend roughly about a million to $2 million a month on Facebook ads for our 10 clients that we have for agency.

And also to roll the little shitheads in the comments, but Nick, you have more than one campaign. You're running. I thought you only preached one campaign.

We're going to go into that in a second right there of exactly why we have more campaigns. So again, one campaign per business objective. So let's look at the business objectives for this, this particular business.

Okay. Our first objective is we need to push our evergreen products. Okay.

That's the first objective. The second objective is we want to push our Halloween sale as well. So on top of our evergreen products, we also have a Halloween sale going on this particular period of time.

Okay. And the third business objective is we also need to push spin into our multiple different countries. We're expanding into.

Okay. So we need to be targeting a few different countries and on top of targeting a few different countries, we need to push our Halloween sale and our evergreen products. Okay.

Let's just look at what one campaign would look like for this account. We say your evergreen product and times our, let's just say, for example, we're in Canada, Canada. Okay.

Now I have preached before about putting all your countries into one ad set. I've been finding the most consistent performance by just putting them each in a separate campaign. So that's what I've been doing lately.

I just been finding a lot, a little bit more consistency and performance and a little bit better of a assessment, whether what country performs the best. Okay. Now let's look at two campaigns.

Okay. So let's say for example, if you know, for, for our specific case right here, evergreen product times Canada, that's our one campaign. And all of a sudden we have a new business objective.

And that business objective is to push our Halloween sale. So now on top of our evergreen product campaign, we have our Halloween sale campaign, because we also want to push them spend as Halloween sale. Now I know you're the accent now, Nick, why would you turn on the, turn off the evergreen product campaign?

Cause why would I turn off the most, the backbone of our account? Okay. So we have our backbone of the account.

And then for a short period of time, we're going to run a Halloween sale. Okay. Now we launched this Halloween sale roughly October the 25th, but we continue to run it through all the way up to like the 20th of, um, not 20th, like the 16th, 17th of November, because it performed well.

And if something's working, why turn it off? Okay. So we want to push this Halloween sale for a period of time.

So we're going to toss a little bit of budget as well as Halloween campaigns. That's our, that's also another business objective, still leveraging that same one campaign structure per business objective. Now that's why we'd have two campaigns.

Okay. But again, what was the third business objective also push spins or other countries. Okay.

So we need to push spins to other countries, our evergreen product and our Halloween. Okay. So we're going to try them with three different business objectives and it's going to create six different campaigns.

So for example, let's say we have Canada. That's our core campaign, you know, core specific place we've been pushing at. And then also do want to expand into our other countries.

Let's just say, for example, Australia and USA. Now all of a sudden we have six campaigns and that's pretty much how we ended up with so many campaigns here, because yes, it looks like a lot. But if you actually look at the fundamentals of how this is structured, it's not a lot and it's very easy to manage.

And again, this isn't our long-term structure because once we turn off those Halloween campaigns, the black Friday campaigns, we're going to be down to just our three to five campaigns that are just one campaign per country. Okay. And the simplified ad account structure has been given us the best success.

We can we spend on millions and $2 million a month on Facebook ads. And again, that's mostly like, you know, November, we're gonna spend probably close to 2 million. But on average month, we spend about 750 K to $1 million a month on Facebook ads.

And we leverage the simplified ad account structure for all of our accounts. And we've been seeing amazing success with it. Now, again, it's just a tool.

Okay. If you have a bad input of creative copy positioning offers, things like that, the tool will not work for you. So you have to understand that if this doesn't work for you, still continue to use it and make it work for you.

That's the only way I've been able to see people have success with this. You have to make it work for you by continuously optimizing it and continuously to make it better. And this simplified ad account structure allows for easier management.

We literally spend 10 to 15 minutes a day inside of the ad account. That's it. We reduce inefficiencies inside the ad account so we can optimize correctly.

We're not getting in the way of the algorithm. And also to the fact that we use broad targeting for all of our accounts. I haven't used an interest look like always targeting campaign since roughly January of 2021.

And broad targeting allows for us for a larger reach inside of the ad accounts. And that way we never run into an audience size issues. Now, again, the most important part for making this work is you need winning ad creatives.

Okay. Our ad concepts and for a winning, a winning ad to hit, to really be created. Okay.

Obviously besides like getting the most spin and performing amazing, the core fundamentals of a winning ad hits on the market desire correctly. A market awareness correctly. The market sophistication correctly.

The market identity correctly. And the right beliefs. Okay.

So the core psychology behind a winning ad creative hits on all five of the following. And that's what our ads did. Now, again, without winning ad concepts, none of this would be possible.

So I really need to stress that. Okay. If you use this whole ad account structure and don't see success with it, it's not the ad account structure.

It's your ads or shit. Okay. Systems.

So we talked about the ad side kind of the way we kind of, you know, how that needs to be structured. Let's look at the systems inside the business. Cause this is a big weak bone.

We find for a lot of our clients that are like 25 K 50 K a month, they struggle with their systems. So when we come in and help them scale, we break their business immediately. So it's really important that you have all this in place.

Okay. So without strong systems, like I said, things will break fast. Okay.

And the challenge you were faced with when you scale is your systems. Can your systems take it? Okay.

So like right now, ask yourself, can you go to X the multiple, like the messages you're getting on a daily basis? And could you handle that? Could you go 10 exit?

Maybe a hundred exit. Imagine if you get 10 messages a day and now you're sending, you're getting a thousand messages a day for customer service. Okay.

Do you have the resources to be able to hire someone quickly to put someone in place? Maybe you already have one customer service agent. Now you need 10.

Okay. Can you, you know, actively go out and hire those people really quickly. Do you have all these systems and stuff documented and like SOPs.

So where like you can quickly train someone doesn't take weeks or months, whether it within 24 hours, have someone in place and already have systems in place that they can follow to, to handle customer service. Can your fulfillment handle it? Okay.

Can you go to X, 10 X, or even a hundred X the amount of orders you get on daily basis. And could you actively fulfill all those orders? I have one client where, you know, we, we've helped them scale up really quickly.

Like they're like, yeah, let's go up to a couple thousand dollars a day. 10 to 20, $30,000 a day. We still have like five, six K a day.

And we immediately have to scale back because we started getting to a point where their fulfillment couldn't handle it. And that's also like the biggest thing right here. We're like, a lot of people want to scale really quick.

They want to scale to a million dollars a month, really quick. And they think it's just an ad side media buying side. When realistically there's four other equal parts they need to get right.

If you just focus all your time and attention on ads, never focus on your system. So to film it customer service, all the parts of your business. Then as soon as you start getting winning ads, you have to shut them off because your systems and your fulfillment cannot handle that side.

Now offer let's look at offer because offers really big too, as well. If you don't have this offer, right? It's going to be bad.

So first thing I like to actually do is, are you selling an iPhone 4 when everyone wants an iPhone 14? Okay. If everyone actively wants an iPhone 14 right now, and you're trying to sell an iPhone 4 and you're bitching and complaining that you can't, you know, do more than a couple hundred dollars a day.

That's your problem right there. Your offer is bad. You need to go find a better product to be able to scale your business.

Okay. I actively, I turned down so many clients from my agency on a monthly basis because they have a shit product. Because regardless of what I can do, they're not going to see results and they're going to think it's me.

When it reactively is, it's your product that is shit. So if your product is shit, there's no way I can sell that. There's no way I can push it and do numbers like this.

So if you have a bad product, none of this, none of this will work. Go buy an iPhone 4 right now and try to charge people the same price an iPhone 14. It's going to be ridiculously hard.

Okay. Now, if you have an iPhone 14, go actively sell it to be fairly easy. Okay.

Because there's an active market desire for that right now. Now, do you have a large enough market share to even hit your numbers? That's the second thing.

So, you know, if you're selling a super, super, you know, small, small niche, it's going to be actively harder to be able to sell. Okay. So think about like this iPods for people who want to listen to music, very large market.

Now, carbon fiber golf clubs, professional golfers. There's a very small market for that. Okay.

There's a small amount of total, you know, professional golf golfers actively looking for carbon fiber golf clubs, for example. And, you know, a lot of things aren't as niche as people think. I got someone that are, they said, Hey, Nick, does broad targeting work for a super niche product?

Like, you know, dog collars. I'm like, that's not a fucking small niche at all. That's a very large niche.

Okay. It's when you get down super, super, super niche. And that's when it becomes really like, if I just, if I want to sell carbon golf, carbon fiber golf clubs for just golfers, that's still a large niche.

But if it's just for professional golfers, that's a much smaller niche and a little bit more difficult. Now place right there. Now, the next thing is, does your product have the right mechanism for people to achieve the desired result?

Now mechanism is something that's probably new to you guys. You never heard of that before. We understand to me a while to understand it completely too.

So I'm gonna try to quickly talk about mechanism really quick because without the right mechanism, your offer is shit. Okay. So give you two examples here.

So these are two offers for losing weight with a different mechanism to achieving it. Okay. So again, they're both an offer for losing weight, just different mechanisms to achieve that weight loss.

Okay. Number one is you eat what you want. As long as you hit your total calorie goal and shed pounds in weeks.

So you get to eat what you want. You just have to track your calories. And as long as you hit your calorie goal, you shed pounds in weeks.

The second offer is strict diet. Plus an hour of cardio day and shed pounds in a week. So they both shed pounds in a week.

But one mechanism is much different than the other. One is very strict diet plus lots of cardio. The other mechanism is just track your calories, hit your goal for the day and shed pounds in weeks.

Which one do you think people actually want to do? Number one, because it's an easier mechanism. It's something that is a lot more appealing, especially, you know, it doesn't seem as hard.

It seems fairly easy and more likely people are going to want that one over the other one. So if you don't have the right mechanism in your product to achieving the desired outcome that people want, that's also a big thing that's going to throw your offer off. Now, next thing is, are you first to market?

Okay. This is a big one. Now you don't have to be first to market.

Just, just want to be super clear there. You don't have to be first to market, but if you are, you have an advantage. If you're not, that's okay as well, because there is things to, you know, separate you from everyone else.

So for example, do you have any competitors? If you're not first to market, do you have any competitors? Yes, you do.

Because you're not first to market. So the big question I ask everyone is why should someone buy from you versus the competitor? Like I have people that hop on this call to sell me a bullshit product.

Like Nick, why aren't I getting sales? I'm like, I can literally go walk down to the store five minutes down the road from me and literally purchase the same product for cheaper. Why should I buy from you?

Oh, I don't know, Nick. It's, it looks cool. It's, it's just a product.

I'm just trying to make money online. Like that's your problem. You're not actively trying to provide, you know, value to the community and value to the market by providing a product people actually want.

You're just trying to quickly find something shitty and bullshit that you can try to run ads to. And it's not the ads fault. It's your product itself.

That's shit. And because of that, that's why you're not getting sales. Okay.

And that's what we see in literally all of our accounts that people come to us with bad stuff. So that's why we don't really focus on ads anymore. We focus like when we're auditing account, we're really focusing more on the market share.

We're really focusing more on do people actually want this product. And if they do do it, does it have the right mechanism? Does it, is it the best on the market?

Like do you know, is it actually going to beat the competition? Because this is the type of stuff that's going to give you the highest leverage action to hit numbers like this inventory. And this will be the last one we have to cover.

So you got your ads, right? You got your offer, right? You got your system, right?

Now let's look at inventory. Now, two quick things for inventory, because you know, we're not experts in inventory, but there's a few things that we always look at. Okay.

As, as, as an agency, do you have enough inventory to hit your goals? You know how to climb before. Hey, Nick, I want to do a million dollars this month.

Like, great. Let's do it. Do you have enough inventory?

Well, I like $200,000 in inventory, but I can purchase more. Like, okay, great. When's your lead time?

Oh, like two months. I'm like, okay, you want to do a million dollars this month, but you only have $200,000 in inventory. And it's going to take two months to get you in.

How the fuck are you going to do a million dollars? Well, you know what, Nick? I never really thought about that.

Okay. Well, let's just do like a hundred thousand. Like, great.

Do you have enough inventory to hit your goal? It's the first thing you have to ask. You set a big goal.

I want to do a million dollars this month. Great. Do you have the inventory?

Yes, I do. Great. Maybe I don't.

Okay. Well, what's your inventory lead time? I have some clients that can literally get new inventory every week.

Okay. Some clients might take two months, three months, six months. Do you have a lead time that can accommodate to that?

And great. Let's say I do a million dollars this month. I sell out of everything and I've literally zero inventory for next month.

Am I willing for the cash flow loss to just hit a goal that boosts my ego? That's a big thing right there. You know, have had clients that want to hit a big goal, boost their ego.

Hey, you know, I can flex now. I did a million dollars a month. And the next two months are absolute shit for their business.

They sold all their inventory out and it takes three months to get new inventory in. So guess what? The next two or three months was red for them.

Not our fault. We could have couldn't run any new ads. Couldn't do anything like that because guess what?

They had no inventory to sell. So regardless of what we could do in the ad account, they have no inventory. What the fuck am I supposed to push?

So two big things right there to look at. And that's pretty much it for this particular case study. Really hope you guys enjoyed this.

Let's give you guys more realistic approach to what it takes to do numbers like this. And hope you guys were able to get some value from this. Let me know if you like this up style video.

Drop some comments below. Very curious to see what you guys think of. Again, we out brands go to seven figures a month.

So if you want to book a strategy call, me and my team click link below, book a free strategy call with us. And there we can give you a strategy that you can deploy yourself or you have the opportunity to work with us. If we think you're a good fit for the agency.

Now, I also do have other things like keep watching these videos for more. I also have an inner circle group I launched, which definitely click the link below, you know, schedule a call for us as well for our inner circle, which has actually been really good for a lot of students lately. So definitely look forward to seeing you guys in there as well.

And yeah, shoot the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Again, my name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.