One of my more notable case studies that a lot of people know me from is when we helped Icon Amsterdam scale from literally $300,000 a month to peaking at $2 million a month in revenue over the course of 2021 of October, all the way up until our last month working together, which was December of 2023. Now, when we first came into this particular brand, they had a lot of stuff going on in the account. They had a lot of very different campaigns and very different like approaches that the ad account structure.

So obviously number one was just simply going ahead and like consolidating the ad account to one campaign per country. And we were kind of focusing on the big five at that point. So we had five kind of key countries that we're advertising into.

And then also to the next thing was getting a consistent flow of new creatives inside of the account. They weren't really doing much creative testing at that time. So getting a consistent flow in the account was what allowed us to basically go ahead and start scaling the initial set right there.

And again, this is all the way back in October, 2021, where creative testing wasn't as known right there. Now, the next thing we did was again, keep in mind, October 2021, when we started with them, I wanted to help this client get us like the biggest result as fast as possible. So November was coming around the corner where we had Black Friday.

And I remember talking with Samuel and Samuel was just like, yo, like, I just want to hit like a million dollars a month. Like, you know, I know I have the right guy. Like, I want you to help you out.

So I basically launched our Black Friday launch strategy with them, which essentially is just basically going ahead. And you build up a ton of hype throughout the month of November. And then you have one big launch weekend that allows you to do, you know, high end numbers.

I think for us, it was exactly about 750, 800,000. We did that weekend when we launched that with them. And I think over the course of November, we did like 200k all month.

And then Black Friday weekend, we did 800k, allowing us to hit a little over a million dollars a month in revenue within the first, you know, 60 days of us working together. So that pretty much solidified the relationship I had with them being able to help them hit a big goal they had early on in the relationship itself. Now, as far as further scaling over the years, there was a lot of other issues we've ran into when it came down to like, all right, now we have to start understanding bestsellers with clothing and stuff.

You want to have a set of bestsellers that have a ton of inventory to where you can scale new customer acquisition. And that's where you focus on the Facebook ad side. But then you also want to launch new products, which allows you to increase returning customer revenue.

So that way you scale new customer acquisition with Facebook ads. And then you have returning customer revenue, where you make all your profits. Now for them, we were only scaling at like a 1.5 on Facebook, but overall collectively between Shopify, Facebook and the advertising sources we're running ads on, we had an overall collective of a 3.5x Roboast on that side right there.

So the overall as we're profitable, but Facebook, we just focused on the new customer acquisition from there. Now, as far as other things we did to be able to scale this account and stuff, we had new stores that were created specifically for certain sets of languages to where the stores, the ads, the creatives, everything was translated to be in a specific set of languages and stuff. And then from there, we also focused on higher end content creators.

So the beginning stages where you're just testing to find winning messaging and stuff, you're not really too much focused on high end content creators, but once you find key winning messaging that helps the ad account scale, then we want to increase our creative investment. So instead of spending a hundred, $200 per UGC video, now we're spending a thousand to $2,000 per UGC video, but they're higher end creators that one, just film better content. Two, it gives your brand a more premium presence.

And three, they're large creators with a couple hundred thousand followers to where even though we're not whitelisting, even though they're not posting on their social media platform, they're still going ahead and people are seeing our ads and seeing them in our ads, which creates that like, oh, hey, you know, I need to go buy from that brand now because my favorite creator is in their ads. So that was another thing that was huge for us that helped us scale. And that like really allowed us to scale fast on top of like the new store specifically.

And then the last thing from there was just repeating all that system for a long period of time. You know, there was never a period of time where like we just kind of sat there and it was just like, hey, none of this was working and moving on. Like, yeah, we had weeks that some of the stuff didn't work, but just repeating this system for a long period of time is what allows to go all the way from 300K a month to $2 million a month consistently.

The million dollars a month was hit early on, but it was a Black Friday. Whereas when we hit $2 million a month and stayed there consistently, that was around September of 2023, which allowed us to further continue through those numbers and do even bigger Black Friday of, you know, that 2023 side right there. So, but yeah, so one of my more notable case studies and stuff.

I know a lot of people know me from that and I hope y'all enjoyed this video. If y'all sitting back and like, hey, Nick, would love to learn more of how to help, you know, scale brands to million dollars a month and stuff like that. I've done this now for multiple brands.

I've also gone ahead and have helped a ton of students also to hit million dollars a month with Facebook ads and everything like that. And I'd love to help you do the same. So click link below to join Nick's inner circle, where I can mentor you and help you do that.

Or if you want me to do it for you and you're doing at least 100K a month in revenue, then I have Nick's agency where I'll run all these ads for you and help you do everything pretty much we've talked about today. So links below for that. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to y'all just later. Peace.