How we did over $15 million in 2023 for one of our clothing brand clients. Full of transparency, this is one of our clients. And today I'll be diving into the exact things that we did when working with this client to be able to help them do $15 million in 2023.

So with that being said, let's dive right into the video. So here's just to showcase the triple L itself. Pretty much from January 1st to December 19th, 2023.

It's actually 16 million euros, which comes out to be a little bit more than 15 million USD. So I actually lied to you guys. But this is the Facebook ads manager as well.

Just to show you guys, we spent 4.2 million euros on Facebook ads. And this is the pretty much like all of the traffic sources that, you know, combined together inside of triple L. Note it's slightly off for Facebook ad.

And that's because we have a couple other campaigns inside of this manager right here for other Shopify stores, which you'll see in a little bit of how we have like a Shopify store per country. So it doesn't all add up correctly inside of this particular triple L right here. So I want to point that out real quick.

But I want to go over the key lessons learned. You know, helping a client do about $15 million within about a year. I want to go over all the key lessons learned that you can deploy in your store to help you scale faster.

So first, number one is product people want. Look, long story short, I've seen students go from struggling to scale past $1,000 a day to literally scaling to $180,000 a month within 60 days by simply just changing product to something that people actually want. There's two different routes to go about this because pretty much, you know, like every product in the marketplace, you know, it's already been done.

So you can go two routes. You can find a product that people already love and you can figure out a better way to improve it. So let me give you an example.

Christian Guzman, the guy that owns Alphalete, one of my favorite brands, he said that he will literally watch every single women's leggings review on YouTube, whether it's his brand or other brands. And he likes to figure out what people don't like about them. And then what he does is he simply just removes those things that people don't like about it to try to build the perfect legging.

And that's all he does. That's how he makes really great products. So go find an existing product in the marketplace, figure out what people hate about it, talk to a manufacturer, improve that product, and then launch.

That's the easy way to go about it. The hard way is to go and create some type of new product people have never seen before. I'll try to stay away from this because this is basically you going to reinvent the wheel.

And honestly, it's just going to take a lot more time, money. You know, it's like the definition of like you being the person that created Facebook. And then there's Twitter, Instagram, all of these other social channels that came after Facebook.

They're just better versions of Facebook at the time, quote unquote. And, you know, but the person that invented Facebook, those took the most time, money, and effort. Whereas like Twitter, Instagram, these were all very easy things that branched off of Facebook.

You know, just a different version with different features and different improvements right there. So, you know, obviously you being first to market with a product, you're going to make substantially more money. But it's going to be significantly harder.

And unless you have a large amount of cash stored away, which 90% of you guys watching the channel do not. So, you know, likely that's not going to be a thing that you're going to go for. So, number one, product people want.

Look at something you can improve in the marketplace and just make a better version. And also make sure you improve it based off what people actually care about. So, you know, for Christian, for example, I know one of the things that he focused on was that, you know, girls really liked how the leggings made their glutes look, made their glutes look really good.

So he kept tweaking the leggings to make their glutes look as good as possible with what they were working with. Yeah. So that was like one of the key things for him.

Now, number two is perceived brand value matters. So, you know, if you're like, say, let's say, for example, you're starting a clothing brand, pretty much any brand, to be honest. If you're like creating creatives and stuff, and it looks like you're creating the creatives in the back of a trailer park, you know, out in the middle of nowhere in a very low income area, you know, that compared to like maybe filming creatives in like a high value area, such as like, you know, like Rodeo Drive in Los Angeles, that's going to make a big difference in the perceived brand value.

So where you film your content is very key. The type of people you use in your ads is also very key right there. These key things that some people like, oh, that's not really that important, are actually extremely important with the perceived brand value.

We want to have a high perceived brand value. So when they click on the website, it's $100, $200. It's like, oh, that's no big deal at all.

That's easy buy. Whereas if you're filming in very, very low income area in a very bad area, you know, it's just going to be like, oh, they want 30 bucks. That's crazy.

Never going to purchase that. Number three is keep the ad account structure simple. You know, this is the ad account structure we leverage.

If you go watch like on my channel, Facebook ad strategy 2024, Facebook ad account structure 2024, how to run Facebook ads in 2024. All of these videos show you the exact strategy and account structure we leverage in 2024. But we pretty much leverage one campaign per country.

That's what we like to do. In this particular account right here, we did one campaign per language. That's also not bad either right there.

So either one campaign per country or one campaign per language. That's what we recommend. And we just simply do a CBO campaign.

We create a new ad set for any new ads that we want to launch. And if that ad set doesn't get a lot of spin, we pretty much diagnose that ad set as, hey, doesn't perform well. And we just simply cut it.

And we just try to beat our existing winning ads. A lot of people have an opposition to this saying like, oh, well, you know, the new creatives are doing so good. The existing ones just simply just not earning enough spin because the new ones are doing so good.

I'm like, yeah, that's perfectly fine. You know, if I have a fighter that's 20 and never been knocked out and some new level fighters try to go after him and they don't beat him. Well, yeah, that's the point.

You know, he's the best fighter on the marketplace. These people are simply do not have enough good skill set yet to beat this particular fighter. And that's OK.

So I want to try to create I want to try to match him with higher level fighters to try to beat him. And if he doesn't, he continues to outperform the competition, then that's his gain right there. So that's what we do for ad account structure.

Again, we're leveraging CBO. We're also doing broad targeting on everything. So I mean, just aged into location.

We don't do any interest, look likes, retargeting or anything like that. And we just let Facebook roll. Keep it very simple.

Next thing is consistent flow of high converting creatives. So look how I underlined high converting creatives. I see a lot of people that, you know, understand about creative testing and everything, but they're doing it from a bad perspective.

Like they're just throwing a whole bunch of stuff on the wall and seeing what sticks. You want to build high converting creatives. So if you can only build one or two really good creatives a week, that's perfectly fine.

That's better than throwing 10 things at the wall and hoping something sticks. So you need to have a solid fundamental process of how you create creatives. I've done a lot of this on my YouTube channel already.

You know, how to create Facebook ads, how to build Facebook ads. That goes over our process of which we build these creatives and everything. And this is super, super important if you want to win in 2024, because these are the things that are going to articulate the value of your product.

It's going to call up the right audience and really attract people to your brand. Number five is country expansion. So this is one of the biggest ones.

You want to start off with one country, just regardless of where you're at right now. Like start with one country, scale to 100K a month in that one country. And then simply from there, you want to just go to Shopify Plus.

You want to create expansion stores inside of Shopify Plus. And each store needs to have native currency and native language to that particular country you want to target. Then we're going to create a new campaign inside of Facebook with native ads.

So let's say, for example, we're dominating in the USA market and we want to expand to like the French market. We want to expand to France. What we'll do is we'll go create an expansion store in Shopify Plus.

We'll convert the whole site into French. We'll put it into the native currency for that area. I think it's euros.

It could be wrong though. And then we'll go and translate all of our ads into French. Because what's going to happen is if we run English ads into that particular country, we might only appeal to about 10% of the market because only about 10% of the market in France appeals to English ads.

So what we want to do to hit the whole 90% of the market, we want to create a native language, native currency site. It's where it feels like it's a French brand. And what's going to happen right there is we're going to reach significantly more people.

It's where we'll do 10x more performance in that particular country right there. So I see a lot of people go wrong with expanding into countries and they just simply don't get the results they want when expanding into that particular country. Here's also too just how we exactly did that ad account structure.

Again, we did one Shopify store per language. That's okay. Cool too.

So we just basically put those like countries together and we ran those inside of the account. Now, number six is website matters. This goes back to perceived brand value.

Look, I find that the best website to model is Rose Skin Co. Go take a look at their Lumi product right there. I've seen this brand.

I started following them in 2020 and I've seen them do a thousand iterations on their website. And the current one right now, they've been running for the longest. So I know they spent time and money developing the perfect website.

A mix of simplicity, a mix of the right branding to appeal to our ideal customer. And then also too, from a sales process perspective of saying the right things on their website. So I highly recommend go check out Lumi.

Go check out Rose Skin Co. Check out their Lumi product page because it's definitely something that I would be modeling with my brand. Now, number seven is that we focused on new customers to grow the business.

One of the biggest things I see a lot of people, especially once you start having multiple products on the website, you start having repeat customers or anything like that, is that people stop focusing on new customers. So it's using the TripleWell cohorts right here inside of TripleWell. And I'm just simply looking at like December 2022 and January 2023, all the way up for a year.

You can see right here, like, you know, December 2022 required 2,200 new customers. January 2023, 6,200. And then we go all the way up until like this November 2023, where we're scaling hard for Black Friday.

We require 22,000 new customers. You can also see the repeat customer rate. Month zero means they purchase within zero to 30 days.

So like they purchase in October and they're making another purchase before the end of October. We're getting 10% of new customers to purchase again before the end of month. Month one is 30 to 60 days.

So like they purchase in November. Then in December, the 10% of people who purchase in November are purchasing in that particular month right there. So you can see our every month, we have a pretty decent amount of repeat customers and stuff.

And that's where it brings up to my next point. So new customers grow the business, but repeat purchases grow profits. So if you really want to grow your profits, this is where your repeat customers come in.

And this is where you're going to need to be launching new products. So again, right here, 10% of our customers purchase in month zero, 10% of month one, 6% of month two, 5% of month three, all the way, if we look up 12 months from now, we'll see about 4% of our customers. So if we acquire 22,000 customers in November, 2023, 4% of those will purchase in November, 2024, which I don't know, that comes out to like what, 4,000, something like that.

Maybe 400, 400, 4,000, something around there that are going to purchase back in. Yeah. It's going to be like 400 to a thousand.

So that is important because on a monthly basis, you know, 60% of our sales comes from new customers, whereas 40% of our sales are coming from repeat customers. And if you look at that right there, we can see overall ROAS, which is about 3.43. Whereas in CROAS, that means that's our ROAS on new customers.

This is our overall ROAS. So, you know, on that, on that, those ads right there, you know, 2.18, that's about a $10 million in revenue. So about $10 million in sales came from new customers, whereas like 6 million came in from repeat customers.

Now, what does that mean? That basically means $6 million came in with zero acquisition costs. So if we have an 80, 70, 80% margin per AOV, that basically means $6 million came in with a 70 to 80% profit because we didn't spend a dollar to get those repeat customers back in.

They just simply came back into the site to purchase other products and stuff. Now, another problem a lot of businesses have is, Nick, I can't get my customers to buy again from me. You need to look at the first impression with the business.

I'm seeing brands that we've worked with that we had to let go because their first order experience was terrible. Someone would place an order on the website. It takes 30 days to get the product in.

And like 50% of the time, the product was broken or just did not work. So your first impression starts off with that first product. If the first product has a bad experience, you can even have a really good experience, but it takes two months to get your product in.

So, you know, your first product gets in within five to seven days. They have an amazing experience with it. They felt like, oh my God, it's so amazing.

They're going to come back and purchase again from you. So it's not always just what you put on the website for new products. It's also the first impression they have with your first product.

And I see a lot of brands mess up with that right there. So guys, this is eight things I've learned after helping a client do $15 million over the course of 2023. If you have any questions about this, drop them below.

Happy to help you guys out and kind of talk a little bit more about, you know, some of the questions and everything like that. If you're curious about me running your ads, click the link below. Have Nick Terrier run your ads.

If you want me to mentor you, click the link below. Have Nick Terrier mentor you. And if you want to purchase my Facebook ads course showing you how to build converting ads, then click the link below Nick Terrier's Facebook ad course.

Make sure you hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.