Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we'll be discussing how I did $20,000 in 30 days with text message marketing or SMS marketing. And it's going to be a really exciting video for you guys just because one, I've never really covered SMS and text messaging and stuff like that.

And two, it's such an easy thing to set up. And I highly recommend all of you guys who have stores doing at least, you know, a few thousand dollars a month in sales to have this implemented because it's a great extra revenue stream on top of all your other advertising channels. So with that being said, before we hop in this video, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button.

I took a look at our stats and we have over 70% of people that watch this channel are not subscribed. So make sure you hit that subscribe button. I bet we could at least get down to 50% over the next Q4.

So that's one of my goals to get at least 50% of people who watch this channel at the not subscribe rate. So at least 50% who are. So make sure you hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And with that being said, let's dive into the video guys. So jumping into it, I recently posted this right here. This was $153,000 in July.

I posted this video last week. And one of the concepts and one of the core ways we've made all this revenue was also leveraging email and SMS and everything inside of here and getting more people on our list to purchase and stuff. So this is our Clavio account.

Now it does show a total revenue slightly lower, slightly higher of $161,000. And that's just because this right here is after refunds and fees and stuff are after refunds. So this is a little bit higher, but due to like refunds and stuff.

And this, this particular ring, it's a little higher of a refund rate just because of shipping and stuff. We're still working on some logistical stuff with that. So it is pretty closer to the total revenue around $160,000, $161,000 for the whole month of July.

So with that being said, 19% of that $153,000 or $161,000 came from Clavio, which if you don't know what Clavio is, it's an email marketing software, text message marketing software that we use. I do not recommend using MailChimp. It's a great freebie starting off, but Clavio is amazing.

It took me a little while to get converted. Once I get converted, it completely blows MailChimp out the water. So highly recommend getting on Clavio.

Even ActiveCampaign, I had that as well. Clavio still is the best one to go with. Now, 13% came from flows, campaigns, but then also to SMS, we did $20,000, $20,345.

So this was really, really, really cool on top of that because with SMS, it's very cheap for us. So it's a lot cheaper than sending out, like throwing Facebook ads and everything. That's why you do have to have a list.

And I'm going to show you in a second how to actually acquire that list and put people together on that list. So benefits of SMS. One, it's just, it's almost a hundred percent delivery rate.

Like literally you send a text message, it gets hit. You're not getting thrown into spam box. You're not getting thrown into like a block filter.

I mean, some people can't block you and unsubscribe. So you still have that, but the people who are subscribed and do receive your text messages, I mean, almost everyone gets it. And it also open rates are significantly higher of 90 to a hundred percent because I mean, come on, when someone texts you, you open up your phone.

Like it's common psychology, human psychology, they get their phone open, they open it and then boom, you know, text message comes up. So it's super, super awesome. It's very alertful as in, you know, you get an email, you can read a few hours later, everyone has their phone on them.

They hear that beep, they heard been checking. It's like, Oh, okay. That, that person, you know, that's what's going on with that brand.

So also to SMS is more fast and straight to the point. You don't need to create this graphic or email graphic and stuff like that. Like you can literally as quick as it takes me to text one of my friends, I can literally put a text campaign together for a business.

So fast and straight to the point. And then also too, it helps a lot of increasing LTV, getting people coming back. That's already purchased from you.

Come back and purchase again. Now, how do you collect SMS? I pulled this example from pinklily.com.

I highly recommend checking out some other stuff. It's really cool. They did a really good job with crafting offers and utilizing their SMS list.

So I've gotten a lot of inspiration from them. If PS, if you're watching from Pink Lily, keep up the great work. So Pink Lily, great example who use, utilizes SMS and everything.

And we've taken this concept of how they acquire their customers, acquire SMS with literally just having a pop up. I mean, every brand's doing this. So it's not just them pop up on your website.

You can set up with Clavio, unlock 20% off your order, enter your email address in. And then like the next page is like, all right, you know, in order to unlock it fully, you have to enter your mobile number as well. So it's more of the confirmational bias or not confirmational bias.

It's more, I forget the bias that actually happens where like you start something, but you have to complete it. It's a specific bias that people operate on. Once they give a little, they go on more likely to, you know, basically complete it.

So start off, enter your email, see easy. Oh, and I got into my phone number. And I was like, okay, yeah, I'll answer it.

So yeah. And then what happens is you can start building up a list of SMS people who land on your site and you know, they get this pop up. They're more likely to, you know, get that discount.

And then they're more likely to enter their SMS. And now different offers to test. So once you start building up this SMS list and stuff like that, what are some different offers to test?

Like what do you use this SMS list for? Well, one, it's literally the same thing as your email list. Just, I would do more offers for SMS.

I wouldn't just be like, like if I wanted to send out an email campaign that was more around like a success story with a client and a product, I wouldn't want to just send out like that as an SMS. SMS needs to be more strategic in terms of alerting people and delivering news about the brand, as in offers, exciting events that's happening, big updates, stuff like that. Cause again, you only have 150 characters.

So it needs to be short, sweet, and straight to the point. So different offers to test. Um, you can do a free product when you make a purchase.

Um, and this is more of like, you know, to get the SMS. So like instead of this 20% off, you can do, you know, enter your SMS in to get free product. When you make a purchase, enter your SMS in to get a discount percentage, enter your SMS in to get a $20 gift card, you know, whatever may be, you just need to look at your LTV, look at your AOV and look at your different breakeven margins.

So you know what you need to offer. So it'd be free shipping, buy one, get one off, buy one, get one percentage off. So like buy one, get one 50% off, buy one, get one free, like whatever.

Now actually implantation. So the offers you would run on SMS, that's big and key right here. So like what does the offer, we obviously would discuss offers you'll create to get people to fill in the information, um, and become an SMS member.

But what do you actually send these people? And again, more news straight to the point, events, offers, promos, those things you have 150 characters to play with. So with that right there is you want to look at, you know, this is one right here.

We like to run for one brand and it's literally just TGIF take 25% off till midnight. So we run, we send this out every Friday or some Fridays. It just kind of depends.

And what we'll do is we'll just say this TGIF take 25, 25% off till midnight. We'll create a discount code. We'll make sure that discount code ends at midnight and we'll put it and send it out in the email campaign.

And typically like for this one brand, we'll get $500 to $1,000 per SMS. We send out every Friday. Another one could be Labor Day weekend starts now take 50% off site wide till Sunday at midnight.

And then we'll put the discount code. This is an example of like a new item drop, new item drop. You'll love this.

Be the first to get it before it sells out. So, and then have a link to the item only send one to two out per week. Sweet spot we found.

So don't be like sending this every day. The only time I would recommend this is like black Friday. So you could do like Thursday, Friday, and then like Monday and like our Sunday, then Monday, you know, Sunday prepare for cyber Monday and then Monday happens.

So you can look at it like that in that perspective, but yeah, just short and sweet offers. Like I've literally sent out something like this with a link to the product or the collection or the store. If it's like a site wide discount.

So implementing SMS into our campaigns and our strategy has been something that has delivered amazing results. For us, it's definitely like an extra pot of profit that we've been able to tap into for a lot of brands. And it definitely helps out when we need to quickly alert people to, you know, take action on certain events, offers, or promos.

Now, another thing is the best time I planted a tree was 10 years ago. And the next best time is today. SMS takes time to build up.

It's just like building an email list. It takes time. So I would recommend after this video, going ahead, getting Clavio.

If you already have Clavio, go create a form, implement the SMS form and start collecting phone numbers on your website ASAP. Because what's going to happen is you're going to set it and forget it. And all of a sudden you have a list of a few thousand people that's interested in phone numbers in, and then you can start running promos here and there with Q4 right around the corner.

We need to start preparing for black Friday, getting all this put together in order to have a massive black Friday. So you need to be looking at all these different things right here. As you go into black Friday and start preparing.

Now, this is something that I think 90% of people on this video are going to forget after this and wish they would have done when it came down like Friday. And Hey, that's just good. That's the reality of things.

10% of you guys will actually go ahead and take action on this. And then 10% out of those 10% of people will actually utilize this whole strategy through black Friday and make a ton of money. So let's just put the numbers down straight on paper like that.

Now, if you are an e-com business owner and you're doing at least 25 K a month in revenue, and you would like our help with looking at things like this from a strategic perspective of, you know, SMS marketing, Facebook ads, and all these other advertising channels, how they work together, then make sure you click the link below to book a discovery call with this. And me and my team will go ahead and plan out a strategic plan for your business that you can take action with and run with it. Or you'll have the option to work with us if you choose.

Now, if you're making less than 25 K a month, don't click out just yet because I do have an offer for you. If you click the link below, get on elegant e-com pre-order lists. This would be a course I'll be launching on how to teach you on how to do all of this step-by-step, how to set up the form with email and SMS, how to collect numbers, how to set up your list, and all that straightforward.

So then you can actually see me walk through step-by-step with people who want more of a step-by-step process. Then make sure you get on the elegant e-com pre-order list. The first 50 people will get the course at $500.

And then after that, the course is going to go up to a thousand dollars. So get on the VIP list because it will sell out before I even make it to the YouTube channel and announce that it's live. So that list is going to get everything first access before we bring it over to YouTube and announcing the course is live.

So be on that list. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Thank y'all so much for watching.

Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Like I said, guys, we got 70% of you guys that are unsubscribed that are watching this video right now. So make sure you hit that subscribe button and click the notification bell to be the first to hear about all new videos I post.

Well, guys, it's about that time. My name is Nick Terrio. Thank you so much for watching this video.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.