In the last seven days, we were able to do $154,000 in revenue for one of our clients with Facebook ads. And in today's video, I want to go over the three main key actions that we leverage to be able to help clients scale at my advertising agency and also do the same thing that I work with in my students and my mentorship program. With that being said, let's dive into the video.

So as mentioned, $154,000 in the last seven days, this is inside of TripleWell, assuming most of you guys use TripleWell, but if not, that's this particular software. And you can see right here, we spent around $53,000 on ads, $31,000 in profit with a $20 net cost or new cost of customer per acquisition. Now, going into this, we leveraged the trifecta to be able to get these results.

And we're going to dive into what the trifecta is, which I think are the three biggest things that every brand should be focusing on to be able to improve and scale fast with Facebook ads. So the first thing of the trifecta just simply starts off with the actual Facebook ad accounts. All of our accounts are structured with, you know, one CBO campaign per country and one CBO campaign per product or product category.

So for example, if we have two different product categories, and we're in four different countries, we're going to have eight campaigns because we're going to have four of those countries for one product category, and four of those countries for another product category, we'll have eight total campaigns. Less is more. So I don't want to rapidly scale so much of countries until I'm already scaling to 100, 200k a month in one country.

So keep that in mind. I don't want to start launching a ton of products or product categories if I'm not really scaling the current products app now. So I'm not in a rush to start scaling to a bunch of products or product categories until I get my kind of core country and core product established first.

Now at the ad set level, I'm pretty much just leveraging all of Facebook's new updates with Advantage Plus audiences and Advantage Plus placements. I used to be against them, but due to its most recent updates, we haven't noticed any difference at all between manual or A+. So it's just one less thing now after we're about disabling inside of the account and just allowing Facebook to take that for me.

Now I'm launching new ad sets with new creatives in each week. And I just choose a dedicated day. So for example, every Monday or every Wednesday or every Friday, it doesn't matter.

Just pick a dedicated day. That's when you upload all of your new ad sets with new creatives. This standardizes the process for your creative teams.

Your creative team always knows when those new creatives need to be ready. If it's just sporadically, randomly throwing it around, there's hard to be a system in place for a team structure to be efficient for scale. So just make sure you have something right there.

How many new ads per week you can test? I literally do not give a fuck. Test as many as you want.

But the key thing here is when you're just throwing things at the wall and you're just hoping something sticks, that's a seller and you have a terrible creative strategy. So every creative you test, needs to have a solid creative strategy. I do have a video on my channel called creative strategy that was literally just uploaded like a week ago or a couple of days ago.

And highly recommend you check out that creative strategy for 2025 as it'll start giving you a good rundown of exactly what you need to do to create each of those creatives of high quality intention versus just throwing shit at the wall and hoping something sticks. Now, as far as the actual creatives itself at the ad level, I'm simply uploading three to six videos or three to six images. I never mixed the two in the same ad set.

Not that it's a problem or anything like that. It's just when I intentionally design three images, I'm intentionally designing three images. So I'm not going to also toss in three videos for that because that creative script is just going to be completely different for the video.

So I'm going to have those three images or six images, you know, whatever, upload it to that ad set, or I'm gonna do three to six videos per ad set. I've always been big on flexible ads, but recently we just started doing individual ads. There's no difference in terms of performance.

The only difference for me though, is now I can actually start seeing those results instead of like a flexible ads where it kind of puts everything into, you know, the mystery box. And then everything's based around one concept. So you see right here, this is one concept.

Concept for me is all going to have the exact same copy. The only difference is there's going to be a visual difference. So like, for example, these are three different photos right here, you can see they're all have a different visual on them.

Whereas if this was videos, it'd be all exactly the same videos. Just the only difference is that visual hook in the beginning. So I'm basically doing this every single week.

And then as far as scaling the campaign, I'm just doing a 20% increase in ad spend. If yesterday hit my target cost per acquisition. If we're not hitting our cost per acquisition, I'm holding budget and I'm aggressively hammering on either their creative improvements or the landing page improvements or AOV improvements to be able to get results back.

And then I can keep scaling. I don't want to scale back spin. I want to hold spin where it's at and be really aggressive at the action to fix it.

If I have to, because I'm losing hundreds of thousands of dollars a day, then I'll go ahead and I'll reduce it back by 20%. But I don't want to pull back spin. So from here, this is the Facebook side of things.

But that's again, just one part of the trifecta, which is three key things. So the next thing is actually landing page testing. Now this is not landing page testing in the sense of like your actual product page itself, but rather pre-sale pages like advertorials or listicles, or driving traffic from Facebook to one of these landing pages.

And then that landing page is driving traffic to your product page. You can use software like funnelish.com to be able to create these pre-sale pages. And then like I said, it's just Facebook pre-sale page to your product page.

Now keep in mind here, I'm still optimizing for purchases. The same pixel, all of that. I don't know why a lot of people were asking, Hey, Nick, you optimize for something else.

No, I stopped to mine for purchases. I still use the same pixel. All that just the only difference is I'm driving traffic to this page.

And this page is driving traffic to my product page. That's it. And what I'm basically doing here is just figuring out, okay, Hey, am I iterating on an existing landing page or do I have a whole new idea?

And then from there, I'm just asking myself, am I doing a listicle or an advertorial? And here's just an example right here of a listicle. Here's an example right here of an advertorial.

Advertorials are usually a lot longer and they're built to kind of go through that whole sales process. Whereas a listicle is just more like six, anywhere between I've seen three, five, six, seven. All of those have worked really well in terms of the number of reasons.

And each reason, just a major buying point or selling point for that particular product right there. Typically see these work more for solution aware and problem aware markets. This I've typically seen more as like unaware and problem aware, even though this particular case is actually a solution aware one right here.

So what I'm doing is I'm testing new list goals or advertorials. I'm just simply going into my CBO campaign. I'm duplicating my top performing creative and just changing the URL.

And that's how I'm testing it. Keeping it very simple. Is it the perfect way?

No, it's not. But it keeps things simple. And then I'm incentivized to keep doing it.

If it's simple, it's the key thing there. Now, if we improve the CP or decrease the CP by better creatives, we decrease the CPA even further with landing pages, advertorials, list goals, all those good things. Then the next thing is AOV optimization, which this is just simply like best practices that we can do to improve how much money someone spends with us when they purchase for the first time.

So for example, I like to look at bundles, frequently bought together, card upsells and post-purchase upsells. These are like the four key things that I want to make sure I've installed on my website to optimize for that. And do not be the little shithead that just sits there and does like, oh, hey, you bought one Celsius.

How about bundle three together and get more? And then like right in the cart, it's like, oh, hey, you already purchased three. How about another Celsius for 20% off?

Oh, post-purchase. Here's another Celsius for a dollar. Don't be that person.

Like my whole goal incentivizes to spend more with me. So I want to leverage more products on my website that they can buy. So like, for example, here, I was looking at this camera and then it's like people frequently bought together this camera bag and this SD card.

That made logical sense because if I bought up camera, what new problem is created for me? The new problem that's created for me is now I need a case for my camera. I need an SD cord.

Depending on what I'm going to do, I may need like a telephoto lens. If I plan on going to like long, like photography, maybe I'm doing a vlog and I'm vlogging like a YouTuber. Then I may need like a special like lens that has more of like a wide shot to where we can do like a close up to the face and stuff.

Or I may even need like a special microphone for it. So these are all key things to understand about your persona. What are these persona people are doing and what other things would they need with your product?

And go find those products and add them to your website. Very simple to do. Now, next thing is a bundle deal.

This is probably the only time that I would actually recommend like bundling a few things together that's like the same thing. So like, for example, this is a blue Celsius. Maybe I would be like a yellow Celsius and a red Celsius and bundle that up as a product like this.

And then I can sell that and that works really well. In fact, actually, I know Celsius C4 and Ghost will have the variety packs, which are great examples of bundle deals right there where they just take a couple of the popular flavors and bundle them all together into one product. Those work really well.

Yeah. So bundles. Next thing is just basically in cart upsells.

And this is just simply where we toss in. I like to look at it like this as like a convenience store or like a gas station. When you go to that gas station and you go inside the store and you grab you your Celsius and then you walk up to the counter and then there's like the gum and then like a couple other little things like an iPhone charging cable, like some random shit you'll see at the cash register.

But they're like little like two, three, four or five dollar items. Those are just quick little things to toss in the cart that just increase that revenue a little bit more. Even though they're like lower ticket things, they increase that revenue just a little bit.

And it compounds very quickly over the course of a month when you have hundreds of thousands of orders and then people are taking this like four or five dollar product. Helps out a ton right there. That's the in-card upsells and post-purchase upsells.

I didn't actually add anything on that, but you can leverage something like Zipify and post-purchase upsells are amazing because what happens is this is post checkout where after people check out with you, they literally can one click add to their order and automatically charge their card. And this is where I like to do a high ticket post-purchase upsell, which is going to generally be two times whatever our product is. So like, for example, this camera right here is like a thousand dollars.

Then it's like, I could offer something for like $2,000, maybe like a really high end lens or some type of like, you know, photography course on like high end photography skill sets and stuff like that. So a thousand dollars would be like a 2K product. And the other thing I like to do is a low ticket upsell or downsell, which would be like for this camera, it's a thousand, maybe like three to $500.

And it's like, maybe it's like pack of what I would say, like presets for Adobe Lightroom or, you know, like just various like color correction and like different effects and stuff like that. You can add to the images you take with that right there. So I'm just looking for further other things that we can upsell people post-purchase and post-purchase like said, I like to do a high ticket upsell and a low ticket downsell.

So they have two different options right there and they get it's post-purchase. So they already pay you and everything. So you just have to one click, add these things to your cart.

And it works really well to help squeeze in extra revenue. So this is the, what I would call the trifecta. It's what's currently working the best for all of our clients that are scaling with Facebook ads to be able to just quite literally scale past all our competitors and do substantially more because now they're focusing on the right numbers inside of their business.

And they're able to just completely beat their competition and have more margin as well for scaling profitably with Facebook ads and everything. The last thing I just want to keep you guys in mind is just like creative testing, where we're testing new things each week on a dedicated day. Do the same thing for landing page testing.

Do the same thing for AOV testing. Have a dedicated day each week where we launch a new landing page, where we launch a new AOV optimization tactic. So that way you're consistently focusing on these high level levers inside of your account to focus on improving the business more and more and more to be able to scale faster.

So if you guys enjoyed this video, be sure to like button, subscribe to free videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to hop on a call with you one-on-one, my link for my mentorship is below where we actually go through your ad account, your creatives, all those good things. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads and do literally everything you see this video completely for you, then click link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads.

That being said, hope you guys have a good rest of your day. My name's Nick. Peace out.