Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I'm excited to do a video for you guys.

Last month, which today's May, so like April, we did about 2.5 million dollars in revenue between all of our clients in 30 days on Facebook ads and we spent roughly 650,000 dollars. And I want to go ahead and just kind of break down some of my key lessons and kind of a few things we did to stay consistent with that because as you start to scale between clients and revenues for our clients, it's very important that your focus is heightened on just the key things that move the businesses. So with that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into videos guys. Dope. So again, 2.5 million in revenue in 30 days with Facebook ads.

So posted this actually around May 3rd on Twitter. Some place I am starting to become very active on. So it's literally my same Instagram hashtag handle just on Twitter.

I'm becoming very active and sharing a lot around Facebook ads as well. So another source to connect with me on there. But last month, we spent $607,000 on Facebook ads and generated over $2.5 million in revenue for our clients.

No audience testing, spending 15 minutes a day in ad accounts and spending all our time creating high converting ads. So let's break down this for you guys. So what did we do?

Well, we had a dedicated creative testing campaign and a dedicated scaling campaign, and we had used broad audiences the whole month. No LA's or interest at all were used in April, which is beautiful. Each week focusing on testing a new ad concept.

So just to show you our creative testing campaign right here. Yes, we're using triple well now for all of our attribution software and stuff like that. I may or may not have had a video either go live on the channel or we'll be going live very soon.

It's breaking down everything. It's already been recorded. It just needs to be uploaded.

I don't know if it's before or after this video. Long story short, that's where we're using all of our attribution. But I did pick this screenshot that was very closely reported to the same thing on triple well as well.

So we basically have one campaign. We test all of our creatives inside of it. And I say creative, but we're not testing just creative.

Like we're testing ad concepts. So like an ad concept might be us versus them ad. So we'll go ahead with my copywriter, write some copy, and then we'll test like an us versus them with like different visuals and stuff like that.

And our like four or five best possible ways we can pull that particular concept off. And then we'll see, you know, we'll throw it in the campaign and or an ad set and run it. And as you can see right here, like we had about 45, 50, maybe even 50 plus different ad sets.

That's one campaign. We just keep testing, you know, duplicate that or just create a new ad set. Each batch is a particular, you know, like set of creatives that we're running inside of it.

And they're all similar. So very simple. I have this, how to, how to test Facebook ads 2022, have this video already put on the channel.

Now in our scaling campaign, we keeping it very, very, very simple. We're essentially having one campaign, one ad set broad. If you notice broad, broad, we do broad for everything.

And we just copied, copied the ads from our creative testing campaign and paste it in our selling campaign. Very simple. Don't turn anything off in the creative testing campaign, unless it stops performing.

And then we just paste it in the scaling campaign. And then as, as stop performing in scaling campaign, we turn them off. So that's how we don't end up with 500 ads in here.

We always have roughly three to six main winners because we're turning off the old stuff and we're adding in the new stuff. Or we add in the new stuff as new software takes off. We turn off old stuff and let new stuff take over.

Very simple. Okay. Now, again, just to show you some of the metrics of this particular accounts hitting, because you guys are like, Oh my God, the rest is low.

You know, it's nothing crazy. So I'll show you guys overall metrics are here. Again, using triple L.

This is all last seven days. We spent about $6,600 on Facebook ads. It's the primary driver for this account right here.

Uh, they had about 3.77 X row ass overall, and we did $25,000 in sales. So just for those people that are like, Oh my God, you know, Ross is low. Yes, I know it was low, but we focus on overall that sense right there.

So yeah, so that's basically what we did. And I do actually have a case study coming very soon, where I basically go over how we took this account from two X to four X row ass and seven days by finding new winning ads. So, so I'll show you that too, as well.

That's be a very mentally challenging case study of how we approach things. Now, um, when I talked about new ad concepts each week, uh, we basically have a Google sheet where we just keep writing down ad concepts. So like, let's say for example, we see a client doing us versus our competitor on us versus them.

Boom. Let's do that. Maybe we want to do some UGC, maybe we're going to do UGC mashup.

Like we're writing down all of these ideas in a Google sheet. This is very, very simple. Something you can easily do.

Just go create a Google sheet, one, one column ideas, and then start writing down all of your ideas. You want to test this account. And then each week we pick an idea to take action on.

Okay. Get it very easy. So like, let's say for example, like this week, we want to take action on split screen us versus them.

Then my copywriter will go create the copy part. Then a visual creator, take that copy, whatever visual copy we need. So like the copy that's in the creative itself.

And then you have like, you know, you have your body copy, you have your, your on screen copy, and then you have your headline in the bottom as well. Copywriter, create all that. And then, um, my visual creator would take all that information and boom, go ahead and, you know, create that and push that into that account or create all that.

And then it'll send over to my media buyer, my media buyer, push in that account. So he'll create about four to five different visuals or different ads, some photos, some videos to best articulate this particular ad concept based off, you know, if we have competitors ads based off the copy and all that good stuff right there to create our best possible opportunity we can do to crack that concept. Okay.

Then media buyer will launch an ad account. And then guess what? We'll start getting feedback.

And then we'll see if we need to do another round of iterations on it, or if we just need to scrap it, or if it crush it, we can just scale it. So that's basically your options on there. You know, another ad concept might be UGC mashup or a UGC video around how amazing the flavor is.

Cause it's just a particular, it's a, this particular account we're showcasing right here is a supplement and you put in like coffee and stuff. So we can do like a UGC video around how amazing the flavor is. And like, that's a whole nother like different types of video right there as well.

Do UGC mashup, a lot of different people talking about it and putting that all together to where like it shows off the social proof aspect right there. Another one might be something that we just completely come up with from scratch, you know, get two X amount of work done half the time. So copyright will create a copy around that.

So we're visual creator and visual creator have this few opportunities to basically go ahead and create the best ad around that. So, but yeah, that's basically it. We basically go ahead, we create these concepts, create concepts.

And first we ideate. So we put concepts down and it's the people who are responsible for these concept sounds are kind of a mixture of everyone, the copywriter, the visual creator, the media buyer, and the strategist. So those four people are putting concepts down all this one Google sheet.

Then as a team, we decide what concepts take action on based off our opinion on what we think is going to impact performance the most. Okay. So we've been doing split screen for the last two months and we're noticing that it's not performing anymore.

We're not going to try another split screen. We'll try something radically different. Okay.

So as also something else we're going to talk to you in like another concept or two or another video or two, where it's about two X to four X rise. If it's, you know, so like that's something right there. And then we decide on which ones we're taking action on and then basically go out there and create, we do one concept per week.

One week, be a mashup video. One week, be a split screen. One week, be this two X amount of the work.

And then another week, be a hot amazing flavors. Okay. Now that's because we're an agency because we have to streamline all of us, just make sure it's the most.

If you have your own team and your own team is working with just your brand, you might be able to squeeze more and be able to do two concepts a week, maybe three concepts a week, depending on how fast your team is. So like there's certain things right there that does help out in that sense right there. And yeah, that's basically it.

We test creatives, move into our scaling campaign, and we have a list of concepts that we create each week to put in our creating testing campaign. And that's how we did it. That's literally what we did all of April.

And we spent $607,000 and made back over $2.5 million revenue for our clients. That's nine clients between. It's like to take that split that's $607,000.

So just to put in that perspective right there, we only work with, you know, our limit is 10 clients right now we're at nine. So like we have very strict cutoff, how big we want to roster just because we like to go up, you know, mile, a mile deep and an inch wide versus a mile wide and an inch deep with our clients. So we like to have very, very close relationships and stuff like that.

I like to spend more. And we also have some pretty cool incentive kickbacks as well on our side. So, so with that being said, if you're looking for an agency that's motivated and driven to get you results, help scale your business, we work with variety of app install companies, lead generation companies, and e-com companies, and you're looking to increase your performance, click the link below to put a call for me and my team.

We'll hop on a call at you. We'll discuss a little bit about your business, see if you're a good fit. We'll put strategy together for you.

You can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose in that sense right there. So make sure you click the link below to take action on that. That being said, thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Again, my name is Nick Theriault. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.