We did $1 million in 30 days with Facebook ads. And in today's video, I'm going to show you the full breakdown of how exactly we did that. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency and I coach and mentor students. I have about 30 plus students. I coach and mentor.

And yeah, so links below to that. And then make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video.

So $1 million in 30 days with Facebook ads. Here's the proof right here and some more proof and some more proof and some more proof. Yeah.

I don't know what else you need to see, you know, for the little motherfuckers that are like, you know, that's fake, yada, yada, yada. Guess what? If you're actively own a brand that's doing more than 50 K a month and actually have proof that you don't want more than 50 K a month and you want to hop on a sales call off me, I'm happy to reveal the full brand for you, but you need proof on that too as well.

So let's go through the steps. Step number one, you need a superior product. Stop trying to scale while, you know, you're driving on the freeway with the fucking emergency brake fully cranked and you're trying to drive down the road.

That's what some of you guys are doing scaling or trying to scale Facebook ads with a dog shit product. All right. And honestly, I'm just going to call this out like it is because this is simply the biggest difference between scaling to the moon and just Peter puttering at a hundred dollars a day.

You really want to just blow up and scale your brand. You need a superior product on the marketplace. All right.

It's just, it's monumental difference between having a great product that people love and a product. You're just trying to push in people's face, cross your fingers and hope someone buys so you could finally tell your mom you're an internet entrepreneur and add those hashtags in your bio. So that way you can look cool for the girls on Instagram.

All right. I just, I got to call it out. It's true.

Like we have clients that can scale. You know, we have one of our clients that are doing two and a half million dollars a month in revenue right now. They have a superior product.

We also have a client at a hundred dollars a day has been on a hundred dollars a day for about almost a year. Why? Because they have a dog shit product.

All right. So it's very important. You have a superior product when you scale.

What is a superior product, Nick? It's a product that people want. It actually adds value to people's lives.

Your little dog shit Ali express that falls apart on the first day of use that doesn't add value to people's lives. It creates more headache. The shipping takes 21 days.

That's even more headache. Half the time it gets in the mail broken. So you have to order it again.

Now they're almost 40 something days into buying your product and they even got to use it. Then they use it once they take the instruction manual out. It's in a different language and then they try to use it and it breaks.

And guess what? Customer support does nothing because there is no customer support. So again, you need a superior product.

90% of niches you enter are likely will be saturated. I'm in the Facebook ads niche specifically for Shopify stores and it's saturated. But yet I can still close 10 to 15 K a month deals in that niche because I know about positioning and positioning is key in a saturated market.

So the best thing to look at is that look at your product. All right. Or don't even look at your product.

Scratch that. Go look at all of the competitors products. So let's say for example, you're selling.

I don't know. Let's say you're selling soda water. I got my LaCroix right here.

Go look at every single other brand like LaCroix and go figure out all the bad things about them. Go look at all the one star reviews. The one star reviews is where you're going to really find the value because now you can see what other people are struggling with around that brand.

Then simply make a product. Yes, make a product or reach out to your manufacturer to make a product for you that doesn't have that problem. Wow.

So easy. Then take that product. Call out how the other brands have this problem and you have a better product and showcase how you have a better product.

And that's how you're going to beat a saturated market. It's just, it's the game. So for us, as a Facebook ads agency, 90% of Facebook ad agencies suck at marketing.

Like they're really good with all like the pushing the numbers of the media buying, but they're dog shit when it comes to writing copy, creating creative, understanding their market, all of that. Just terrible, which delivers piss poor results for our clients. We've been able to scale brands to 15k a day in ad spend.

We've been able to spend $100,000 in a single day on Black Friday. We've done dozens of other success stories like that because we focus on marketing fundamentals. We can really connect with our consumer.

We can scale brands due to that, which allows us close 10 to 15k a month deals for our agency. Now, if you take anything from this video, that's why I went hard on you guys because you don't freaking listen. I talk about this stuff in the comments.

You're like, Nick, I still can't figure out how to scale past $10 a day. I'm like, what are you selling? An iPhone one.

Like, no shit. Your product. So, and look, trust me.

I'm not trying to make fun of you guys. Like, I love you guys a lot. I really appreciate you supporting the channel, but you know, tough love.

Some of you guys really need a reality check because it's just like, oh, I know I don't have a superior product. Great. But how do I scale the 10k a day?

Go find superior products. I know. I know.

But what if we don't use a superior product? I just told you what you need to do is scale 10k a day. That's literally how some of you guys are.

Oh, all right. Step number two. So we're going to have some fun now.

Step number two. Now that we got the superior product of the way you came in like Nick, I got superior product. Great.

You're in a good position now. Next thing you need to do is you need to target, need to know your target NCCPA. What is that?

That is your new customer cost per acquisition. I have a YouTube video called how to calculate your target CPA. In this video, I give you a Google sheet and you can run all the numbers for that to figure out what you need to hit to meet your business goals.

Now for this particular business, this is their sheet right here that we helped do a million dollars last month. This is their sheet. So they have an AOV of $109, but it's 2834 for cost of goods.

By the way, it's men's fashion. For anyone who wants to know what the product is, it's men's fashion. $28.34.

Shipping and handling $7.63. Landed calls per AOV about $35. It gives us a $73 gross profit margin.

It gives us a 67% gross margin. 60% to 70% is okay. I like 70%.

70% is like a green light for us. Between 60 and 70, it's like yellow. It's okay.

And then anything below 60% is red flag. Like you got to fix that shit. It's going to give us a break-even CPA of $73.

We spend $73 to acquire a customer. Well, guess what? We, that's it.

Like we just break even. And then that's a break-even for us of 1.49. Now our three-month LTV.

What does a customer mean to us for three months, 90 days? It's $133. That means our customer spends more with us.

Now our three-month NC ROAS is 2.5. Basically means the return on adsmen for our new customer acquisition. That's, and we, on average, we spent $263,000 per month.

So if we look at this, 2.5 NC ROAS, again, new customer ROAS. That's not overall ROAS. $263,000, gross margin of 67%.

Revenue, $657,000. That's how much we're going to make off this 263. Total COGS, the shipping and handling and all that, about $216,000.

Our day one profit, our month one profit is $177,000. An AOV of $109. And our NCCPA is $4360.

So you can play around with the different scenarios in that scenario calculator and figure out what profit margin on a month one looks the best for you. And then a three-month LTV profit margin. So some of y'all might have a NC ROAS of 1.5 and that looks good for you.

Some might need a 10. It's going to be different for everyone. That's why I don't like looking at ROAS.

I like looking at NCCPA. So we hit a $43 NCCPA. Now you can see here, our day one profit, $177,000.

Our three-month LTV is $274,000. So we increase in value. This is not, this is an increase in value.

This is not $177,000 once and then $274,000. It's an increase in value, $274,000. So this is the CPA calculator.

You need to do this. You need to know your numbers of what you need to hit inside of the ad accounts. Now, step number three, you need creatives that convert.

AKA, you need to create ads that people actually want to see. Don't create ads that are in Microsoft Paint and you're like, oh my God, even my grandma doesn't even say it looks good. Like you need to go create content people actually want to see.

For this, you'll need to understand the following about your target audience. Mass desire, market awareness, market sophistication. Your mass desire is what people want.

What do people want across the market? Market awareness, this is their where, and let me also reiterate on mass desire. Mass desire, for example, you want to make more money.

You want a partner. You want a fit body. You want to lose weight.

You want a YouTube channel where the dude teaches Facebook ads and doesn't yell at me that I have a bad product. So it's your wants. What do you want?

Then you have market awareness. Market awareness is how far or how close you are to the product. It's the mindset of your consumer about your product.

So for example, some people are problem aware. You know, I cannot scale past $100 a day. I'm stuck in $100 a day in Facebook ad spend.

I'm problem aware. Do you know what the solution is? No.

Now, let's say solution. The solution for $100 a day break past as creatives that convert. So now all of a sudden you want creatives that convert.

So for a solution aware ad, we'd start off with creatives that convert. And then boom, solution aware. Unaware is more, you know, you're focusing more on an emotion like a resentment or a big win.

So how Kyle just made $100,000 in a single day with Facebook ads. It's a really big win. Or how so-and-so bought a Lamborghini.

And then you watch that video. And then they're like, you know, I struggled with my business. I struggle with Facebook ads.

Unaware, problem aware. And then solution aware. Until I figured out how to create creatives that convert.

Which allowed me to scale my brand and buy my Lamborghini. And then from there, you need to build out the creatives that addresses this. Oh wait, we also need to talk about market sophistication.

Market sophistication is basically how many products they've seen before this. You guys will see a video this week. I'm not sure if it's going to be before this video or after this video.

But it's going to be talking about like creating hooks with market sophistication. And I go through the whole deep analysis of market sophistication. So for example, a level one ad from market sophistication.

We would literally have to show you how Facebook ads work. If we were targeting people to sell them a Facebook ad service. Whereas a market, a stage three market sophistication.

We're showing them how they can have success again with Facebook ads. They failed at Facebook ads a few times. So we're introducing a new mechanism.

A new way to run Facebook ads. And that's how to creative tests. Or the single campaign strategy, for example.

Then from there, we're going to build out the creatives that address the above. So I'll show you guys some examples really quick. Mass Desire.

Scale Shopify store. Marks sophistication. Level four.

They know about the mechanism of testing new ads. So a lot of you guys know about testing new ads. That's how they improve performance.

But we just need to show them how they can get more ads to convert. So you're already testing ads now. And you're kind of stuck.

You know, like you're not really seeing a lot of success with testing new ads. So how can I show you how to test ads better? How can you find new, better winning ads?

How can we have 30% of your new ads you test convert? So market awareness, problem aware. They're testing new ads, but not seeing the conversions they're hoping for.

Now, the ad creative guidelines. So basically, what I'm going to build now is we need to visually showcase the problem of testing new ads, but not seeing the conversions they want. So that's the first thing we need to showcase in that ad.

Then we need to showcase the reason behind that is because no one knows high levels of marketing fundamentals like us. And now we have an 80% creative success rate. So basically just saying how we can test ads better because we know marketing fundamentals and how we have an 80% creative success rate, which will help them scale their Shopify store faster.

Again, to mass desire. So that's just more of the creative side. Now going into the ad account itself, account consolidation equals one campaign per business objective.

We're advertising in like Netherlands, Germany, and kind of like the rest of Europe. And so we have one campaign per country or per like area targeting right here. And we're doing single campaign, one campaign per business objective, CBO, and then, you know, testing ad sets.

So main ad sets right here, testing ad set. Here's two different testing ad sets. We don't test as many creatives for this brand because they're doing so good.

So we just don't need to test two creatives every week. So we kind of test like new creatives every other week just because they're doing so good and hitting everything across the board that, and we already have a ton of content. We actually can lessen the creative testing just because we're doing so good.

And then move all of those winning ads into our main ad set, which we did here. So yeah. And also I majority of the time leave ads on the main ad set.

But the only reason why these are turned off is because it's a clothing brand. And some of these ads have products that are sold out. So just a little heads up on that too.

Now, step number six is you want to have some solid retention. You want people to continue to buy from you. You want to build a brand that they look forward to, not a brand that has a shitty first customer experience.

So you want to launch new products via email and SMS and keep customers buying from you. So launch new products. You know, I would say every other week launch one to two new products.

If you're a clothing brand, maybe a new collection every month. And then kind of talk about some of those products you launch that collection throughout the month. Any other brand every other week is good.

Even just once a month, if that helps out too. Survey customers for what they want. Actively talk to your customers and ask them, hey, what do you want?

What do you want to see? Here's some product ideas that we want to launch. What do you think about it?

Survey your customers. Nothing wrong with that. If customers aren't buying your new products from you, you either have a bad first time customer purchase experience or you're launching terrible new products they don't want.

So if customers aren't buying from you, you have a very bad first experience. So imagine like go to a new restaurant in your hometown. Completely new restaurant.

Go to one with really bad reviews. Because I want to intentionally want you to have a bad first experience. You're going to go there, you have a bad first experience, and then you're going to leave and you're like, I'm never eating there again.

Even though maybe you just ordered the wrong thing on the menu. Or maybe they were down a few employees that day and they just had bad customer experience. But 90% of the time, they're actually phenomenal.

But you still don't want to go there again. So it's vital that we have a really great first customer experience. A first impression is key.

We want to make sure that they actually get a product in the mail that is delivered within, you know, honestly, three to five business days. That's the standard. If it takes 21 business days, that's not really that great.

So three to five business days to get in the mail. When they unbox the product, it's a nice packaging. It's not in some different language that they can't even read.

They actually step-by-step instructions of how to use the product. Here's how to unbox it. I actually feel like they bought something valuable.

You know, I encourage you guys, you know, if you can, I know everyone can't. But, you know, I've bought a Gucci wallet. You know, not the greatest thing I'm proud of, but real Gucci wallet.

And the unboxing experience on this was phenomenal. Like, best unboxing experience, iPhones, step two, you know, Gucci. Amazing, amazing unboxing experience.

It left an impression in my mind to where now, anytime I order something from Gucci, which I haven't, I'm going to buy a Gucci wallet. But in the future, I will. And it's like, I'm looking forward to that because it was a really cool unboxing experience.

So sometimes it's worth investing in that because now it's going to keep people wanting to buy from you. And then second thing is make sure the product works. If the product did not work or had just really bad experience with the product itself, you need to focus on fixing your product.

That's what's going to make everything else work in your business. But if you're too worried about scaling and not worried about your customer experience, you're going to burn up your customers quickly. And then there you go.

Your brand's done. And your goal here is to continue to improve that customer experience to where people keep buying from you. That's going to allow you to have a lower in zero S.

You know, we're doing a 2.5 in zero S. But if you look right here, we did 1.2 million. Well, it's actually, it's Shopify shows 1 million.

Triple L shows 1.2 million. And that's only because we had $192,000 in returns. So it averages out 108.

But if we look at right here, we spent 300,000. 300,000 divided by 1 million. It's like 3.5 X overall for like a ROAS.

But we only did a 2.5 on Facebook. Where did that other 1X ROAS come from? Was returning customers.

So all of this is very important. All of our clients that are crushing it, doing multiple seven figures a month in revenue. These are the things that they focus on.

So if you want to improve your business overall, improve your product, have a better product, a superior product on the line. Yes, it might take a couple more months. But when you look at it from a longer term picture, it's going to have a substantially higher impact of you quantum leaping in income levels.

And you being a successful business owner versus you constantly being that drop shipper that just keeps scavenging for these shitty products. And you make a few hundred dollars on and then boom, it gets shuts down. Make a few hundred dollars here, then boom, your account gets shut down.

Make a few hundred dollars here, then you realize the product is shit. Like you need to step back, look at something a longer term, and that's going to drastically change your projection for the future. So really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Hope you guys learned something. Really hope you guys learned something. Again, it's all out of love.

I really love you guys. I appreciate you guys a lot. And everything I say in this video is purely out of, I want the, generally want the best for you.

And these are the things that our top like brands are doing and they're dominating the market because of this. So make sure you guys hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.