We did $3 million in 30 days with Facebook ads and Shopify. And today, I'm going to show you exactly how we did that. What's going on, guys?

Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault. If you're new to the channel, I produce content fully transparent for you guys with the intentions of helping you grow and scale your business.

One day, you'll be tired of doing this shit yourself, and you're going to want to go ahead and reach out to someone to help you out with either consulting or us to come on board and help in running your ads. So that's the catch right here. Eventually, one day, you'll have that opportunity.

We help multiple brands go from scale to six figures a month, even seven figures a month in revenue. And I'm going to help you guys get there. So with that being said, make sure to like button and hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And let's dive into the video. All right. So we did $3 million in 30 days.

And this is actually a continuation case study. That perspective right there. Let's just show you guys a triple L screenshot in terms of, you know, we did $3.3 million.

And this is for one store, just to be clear. $3.3 million, $930,000 in ads with $970,000 in net profit. And again, this is a continuation case study.

So today we're going to be talking more about some new problems that's been created due to this and how we're going to solve them. The first video scaling Shopify store from $100,000 to $100,000 a day using Facebook ads. This is going to go more in terms of the, you know, the account structure and stuff like that.

So if you want to see more of like the account structure of this case study, go watch this video. And then if you want to see more kind of just a more holistical overview of all the different components of scaling, check out $1 million in 14 days. So account structure and then more of everything else, inventory issues that's been created due to scaling this, things like that.

Watch this video. Now we're going to talk about a new problem that's been created from doing this type of performance in 30 days. Again, this is for one brand.

Okay. The reason why I'm using the pod view right here for this particular store is because we have a USA store, Sweden store, and kind of like a European store. And then yeah, like those three key stores right there.

Oh, and UK. So I'm just seeing the pod view of all four of those stores put together. The reason why we have a different store per country is so that way it's articulating the right prices and language for when those people go to that store.

So all four stores, exactly the same, just different languages in that perspective right there. So now due to scaling, so doing $3.3 million in 30 days, we're presented with a new problem. Okay.

We've acquired a ton of new customers, but we had a very low returning customer rate during that $3.3 million in 30 days. Okay. The reason why this is a problem is because we can continue building the business with a really high level of new customer acquisition.

The problem with this is that advertising will always become more expensive. So those people who are watching my channel right now, and you're purely reliant on a customer to purchase from your business at a profitable rate on Facebook ads. You are fucked.

If you can't run Facebook ads one day and your objective should be to build a business to where you can literally turn your ads off today and customers will still keep flowing in and buying from you. Okay. And if you can't create that, that becomes a huge problem in your business.

And that's the problem that we're tackling right now, right now, immediately. We're not going to wait six months and put it on the line. We want to tackle it while we have momentum because momentum is a powerful player in terms of growing a business as fast as possible.

Okay. So again, new customer versus returning customer. We were 99% new customers.

And this is kind of what a 99 to one split looks like. We were 99% on new customer acquisition, new customer revenue, and we had 1% returning customers. Okay.

All of our businesses that are doing successful numbers, like coasting at four or $500,000 a month, $2.5 million a month, things like that. They have a split of revenue between new customers and returning customers. And for us, we've been finding that magical split to be about a 60, 40, 60% of your daily revenue comes from new customers and 40% of your daily revenue comes from returning customers.

Okay. So that way, if we turned off new customer acquisition on one day, let's say for example, we're doing $10,000 a day or even a thousand dollars a day. Okay.

If we turned off new customer acquisition, our business would coast at a thousand dollars a day. We would coast at $400 a day in terms of a 60, 40 split from new customers to returning customers. Okay.

So that is why that's important. And returning customer revenue will also allow you to spend more on ads at a lower ROI. Okay.

So there's a lot of our accounts that we do a 1x, 1.3x ROAS on Facebook, but overall we're doing like a three to 4x MER. So MER is total revenue divided by total spend from all platforms. ROAS is looking at a very specific platform.

So like say Facebook ROAS and then MER. So our Facebook report ROAS is like 1.1, 1.3. Our overall MER is a three to 4x.

Okay. And why that's important is because that shows healthy business growth. Okay.

If you're purely reliant on Facebook ads in terms of, Hey, 99% of my revenue comes from Facebook ads, new customers every day, then you have to hit a 3x on Facebook ads to hit a 3x overall. If not, you know, if you hit a 2x on Facebook ads, you're going to see a 2x overall because you're purely reliant on Facebook performance. And that's a scary situation to be in because if your ad account gets shut down, you literally will go to zero overnight.

So your objective should be, Hey, we're scaling and growing on Facebook ads, but we also need to put some focus and priority on building returning customer revenue. Okay. That should be a high priority.

Once you reach $1,000 a day in sales from just Facebook ads, you need to be immediately working on that returning customer revenue. Okay. Cause that's going to allow you to build a more balanced business and a more well-positioned business.

That's going to grow for years to come. All right. So how do you actually increase customer revenue?

Well, let's look at just a few brands that we already use, because if we already use these brands, we already kind of know how they take our money in that perspective right there. So, you know, for example, anything that requires product to run out every couple of weeks. So for example, you know, I've like my pre-workout right here, this pre-workout I buy from the same company every 30 days.

Okay. So that's one way. If you have a product that runs out every couple of weeks, get on a subscribe and save, get these people automatically receiving your product.

Don't let them go in purchase from your website. Every time a product runs out, that's too much work for them. And guess what?

They're going to forget. And then ultimately they'll just find another workout, pre-workout, something like that. Give them a subscribe and save.

Easy, easy way to pick up returning customer revenue. We have a supplement brand that does literally a 1X. Robots on Facebook.

What about a 2.5, 2.7 Robots or MER overall? And because they're a supplement brand, they focus heavy on customer acquisition. We can spend more and beat all of the competitors by spending more on Facebook ads than any other competitor and they have a healthy subscribe and save route to where we can grow the business overall.

If we turn their ads off one night or like for good, they would literally coast at five to 10 K a day and just returning customer revenue. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Okay.

So anything that can be set up on a subscription, do it. Launch it within your business. That's really good.

Another way too is training programs and stuff. So like, let's say for example, you sell, I don't know, fitness products and then people buy your weights. I don't know.

Like let's just say, for example, these little weights, right? These little egg weights are like one pound and use it for boxing. I just bought these.

Now let's say, for example, I got an email after that said, Hey, glad you're loving your weights. Here's a subscribe and save training program where each week we produce one video that shows you different workouts you can do with these weights. Okay.

$10 a month. That's it. Great.

Imagine you sold a hundred thousand of these. You have 30% subscriber rate of that training program. It was $10 a month.

I sold a hundred thousand of these. That's roughly 30,000 members times 10. And that's, you know, what?

Like $300,000 a month in revenue. That's straight profits to the training program. So just put it in perspective right there.

All right. So the next thing is launch new products that continue to help your customer. Okay.

So for example, I have an iPhone. I have a Mac book. I have, you know, Mac keyboard, Mac, you know, little mouse, but not the mouse.

That's the trackpad. I have an iPad. That's it right here.

So like I have a lot of Apple products. All right. Apple has done a really good job at keeping me in their ecosystem.

Okay. And I've continued to bought, buy other products from them that has increased my returning customer revenue. Okay.

For them. Like my LTV with Apple is like in a couple, like probably over 10 grand. Okay.

I spent 4,000 on a Mac book. I've spent 1,000 on an iPad, 5,000. I've had five, six iPhones.

That's almost a thousand pop right there. So my one LTV for Apple is probably like 11, $12,000 I've spent with Apple alone. Think about it.

If they were, oh my God, we spent $1,000 on ads and we acquired one customer. They have a 10X ROAS, but their day one ROAS was a one, one-to-one. But they're year over year ROAS though, like a 10 to one.

Okay. So they're not concerned with being super profitable in that first sale because they have so many other products that over time, they're going to keep consuming and make their profits back. So that's one way.

Launch new products that continue to help your customer. The second way is launch better versions of your first product. Okay.

There's a limiting belief in your mind. I see most people. Oh, well, Nick, I can't launch a better version of my, my, you know, current product.

Well, why not? Because all my existing customers would get pissed. Why?

Because they bought this product and as a business, I should keep, make this the best product. Okay. Well, what about Apple?

They've launched iPhone four. They've launched iPhone five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. Do you think anyone got pissed when they purchased a seven?

And then a few years later, they launched an iPhone 14. No, they go. They literally like Apple, give me my money.

I love the seven. Give me more. I want the eight.

So look at Apple. How can you take your current product, make a better version and just relaunch it as a whole new product? iPhone five.

Hey, let's do that again next year. iPhone six. Let's do it again next year.

iPhone seven. And every year it's like a year to year, um, a year over, uh, an annual subscription. Every year, Apple like takes a thousand dollars from it.

Boom here, Apple, here, Apple, here, Apple. So how can you launch new products that are better versions of your first product? That's what you need to look at.

So these are three different ways to increase returning customer revenue. Okay. And, and look, to be honest, how do you market this to your existing customers?

Flavio, SMS, email, organic content. Um, that's like the primary way we do it. And that way we're spending little to none on ad spend.

Cause all we're trying to do is get to existing customers. That's it. And promote other products to them.

Now I'm going to tell you exactly what 90% of brand owners watching this video will do. That you're going to go find this cheap asshole product, try to launch it to your existing customers. They're not going to want it.

And you'd be like, Nick, your videos don't work. I wasted my time. And that's because you're launching shit products.

Okay. You, you, just like you can test new ads on a weekly basis, creatives, copy and stuff like that. I'm not necessarily saying you need to test products on a weekly basis, maybe on a monthly basis, but experiment with different ideas.

And really you need to understand your avatar because let's say for example, for Apple, they really were able to build an ecosystem around my day-to-day life. Okay. They've had thousands of product ideas that they said no to and said yes to just these few key product ideas that work.

So just because you get an idea for a product doesn't mean it's the product idea that you need to execute on. That's big right there. Okay.

So here's a few ways you could do this yourself. Obviously you need to go and start looking at what new products you want to launch, but leverage your customers to tell you what they want. Okay.

So give you guys a very simple tactic. You can go deploy in your business, sit down for five, you know, not five minutes, please. Dear God, don't spend five minutes to come up with new ideas.

It's been four to six hours researching and putting together a couple of different product ideas. Okay. All right.

Spend a day on it, maybe two days on it. Okay. And then come up with four product ideas that you can actually take action on and you think your customers would love.

Then literally go to your email software. 90% of y'all are probably leveraging Klaviyo. Go to Klaviyo, build out a campaign, send to existing customers only.

Okay. Go to googleforms.com. You can create you a form in like five minutes and literally just create a simple poll.

Hey, we're thinking about launching these four products. Which one would you like to see? Product one, two, three, and four.

All right. And then let customers vote on what they want. And then guess what?

You can put something where it's like after you complete the poll, you get a 10% off gift card. So that way people have to complete the poll. They at least get something for their time back.

Okay. Let people vote on what you want. They want.

I've seen it countless times. Brand owners have this amazing idea and then their customers vote and say, Hey, I do not want that shit at all. That looks horrible.

And then they want something else. And then they go actually buy something else. So leverage your customers to tell you what they want.

Come up with the ideas first, let them poll on it and vote. So now you know with some level of confidence, what you should focus your time and attention to. And that's going to allow you to, again, help out with launching a better product or some new products to help increase returning customer revenue.

And the goal here is to get this 60-40 split in your day-to-day revenue. Well, guys, hope you all enjoyed this video and I really hope this stress of importance to you guys, kind of a wake-up call for some of you who've been purely relying on Facebook every day and thinking you're getting that same performance every day because you're not. Advertising can get more expensive and you're going to wish you did this sooner.

So start taking action on this now. Obviously, you can still coast around with your creative and your performance and stuff and improving your Facebook ad performance, but this needs to be equally a big factor that you need to be focused on within your business. So hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Again, I hope brands go from, you know, I've helped brands scale to six figures a month, seven figures a month in revenue. I provide consulting or done-for-you service where we actually come and run in your ads and everything like that. Click the link below to book a call for me and my team to discuss that.

As far as that, all this content on this channel is completely for free with you guys. Goal is to help you guys scale and grow your brand. Make sure you hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace. Peace.