How we did $80,000 in one hour with Facebook ads. This past Black Friday, we had one of our clients do an early access launch using our product launch formula. And this particular client was able to do $80,000 in one hour with Facebook ads.

So I want to show you guys our product launch formula because yes, we used it for Black Friday as an early access, but we use this for any new product launches as well inside of the business. We also do this for any type of big sales events, the exact same process, just like Black Friday. And we also do this if we're launching any type of new brands.

So with that being said, let's dive in a video on how exactly we did $80,000 in one hour. So you can see right here, November 20th, 2023, we did an early access day for Black Friday, which essentially all we did was we built up hype and built up a list, basically saying 24-hour early access, passcode to the website, and only these people that were on this early access were able to get it in the site. And we did about $215,000 in sales that day for this particular brand.

Keep in mind, just to be like in relative terms, this brand does about a million dollars a month in revenue. So, you know, just to be relative, it's not like it was like a 10K a month brand that did $215,000 in a day. So I just want to be completely honest and transparent with you guys.

So, and like I said, we did this with our launch formula. And this is for people who are already running ads and they plan to launch a new product to their existing customers. So maybe you have like a new product launch, been working on a new collection, everything like that, and you want to drop it to your existing customers.

Or maybe you're already running ads and everything right now, and you want to do a sales event. You know, Christmas is coming up. Maybe you want to do something cool for Christmas.

Or you plan to launch a new brand. We're working with a brand right now. We're about to be working with a brand right now that it plans to be launching for the first time ever.

And we're going to be running this exact formula for this new brand. Now, what most people do when they're doing any one of these is, let's say, for example, they're launching a new product. They'll wait till 9 a.m.

Friday morning. They'll send an email and say, hey, here's a new product. And they'll hear crickets.

Or they'll do it for a sales event. They'll wait all week. Nothing, nothing, nothing.

They'll send an email out Friday morning. Big sales event today. And boom.

Now, this one, give or take, probably do a little bit better. But for the most part, crickets. And lastly, you do all this work.

You create this new brand. You add the product to the website. And you announce on social media, hey, guys, there's a launch of new brand.

Click on my website. And guess what? Crickets.

So the reason for these crickets is because there's no hype building. And hype building is essential. I'm not a big fan of music festivals.

Well, personally, I've never been to one. But I don't, I'm not a fan of being stuck in a crowd with people that are drunk, high on drugs and stuff like that. They're like jumping up on my back and stuff like that.

But I do really want to go to Allstate Music Festival one day. That's just like the one that I really do want to go to. And after that, I like, that's it.

That's like off my bucket list. But music festivals do a phenomenal job at hype building. And I recommend you as like a marketing lesson, your homework today is to go and study music festival marketing because they do a phenomenal job.

And, you know, they have to literally convince people who have no money. Like there's so many people that go to these music festivals that are broke. And like they're dishing out their last $1,000, $2,000, $5,000 they have in their bank account.

And these music festivals are getting these people there. And that's essentially the power of hype building because they have to get all of these people here for one certain day. And that's hype building.

And, you know, if Ultra Music Festival would just be silent all year long and then like literally just say, hey, tomorrow we're launching, they would not get nearly that many people there. So they do a lot of things for hype building. They talk about, you know, like flyers and stuff like that throughout the year to showcase the artists and stuff like that.

They'll be there. They'll have like the different types of people that's there. Like for example, like Tiesto, for example, love that artist a lot.

They'll talk about like, I'm gonna be at this event throughout the year. They put like these like little promo videos out and stuff. They do a lot of different things to hype people up and get people in the edge of their seats anticipating this event.

And that's what we wanna do. And that's how we can do $80,000 in an hour. So here's how we do it.

Number one, for Black Friday and for pretty much any like sales event, we'll start about 10 days out. You could also do this for, you know, like a product launch or anything like that. You wanna start about 10 days out, 10 to 14 days out.

That's the sweet spot right there. If you go like months and before, because again, you're not selling a music festival, but you are, if you are, then you need to kind of do months. But for the most part, like buying this product, it's, people don't have to go book hotels, book flights and stuff like that.

For products itself, you can do about 10 to 14 days out to get people ready. Unless you're selling something like $50,000 product, then, you know, maybe you can go a little bit earlier. So about 10 to 14 days out for Black Friday and sales events.

We'll typically do like to do an early access. You do not have to do this early access. I do not recommend this early access for anything outside of Black Friday.

That's just for Black Friday, back to the 24 hour early access. But you still wanna run these Legion ads right here to, you know, to start building that hype. All you wanna do is call out the date of this particular launch, whether it's a product or whether it's a sales event, call out the date, call out the offer.

So sign up to this VIP access list, be the first to access our sales event, whatever the sales event's called, or product launch, and call out the date and time. The only problem with these two ads right here that we created is it didn't have the date and time. And this is from like 2022, but our 2023 ads for Black Friday, we called out the date and time and it worked way better.

Next thing is, all right, we announced it, you know, we put the flyers out, we're telling people when this event is, but it doesn't really get people in the edge of the seats, you know? So we wanna start showing reasons why they should get there. I highly recommend checking out Alphalete.

Alphalete, I think I literally have one of their things right here. They do a phenomenal job at this. They have like their influencers and our content creators do like unboxings and like Alphalete hauls and stuff like that to get people excited and get ready for this big event they have, whether it's a drop, a new, or a sales event, you know, from there, one of those two right there.

So they'll like unbox it, do an Alphalete unboxing with me, do an Alphalete review with me, Alphalete try on with me, go and work out in this new Alphalete right there. And they're consistently showcasing that product in front of people. And like, hey, you love these, you know, I get a lot of questions about them.

The drop is happening Monday at 9 a.m. January 21st, for example. So they're being very specific on when that's happening.

So what I would recommend for you is if you're gonna do this drop is start calling all that out. You know, if you're doing a drop, showcase the product and all the ways of which people love it. If you're gonna do a sales event, start doing something like this.

Showcase the products that will be on sale. Showcase, you know, some of the discounts and stuff they'll have access up to. Even talk about how like they're gonna run out of stock because they have so many people signed up to the VIP list right there.

And these are just different type of lead generation ads you can run. And I'll show you guys a little bit of how that's structured and stuff like that from there. And typically what we'll do is we'll see about 10% of these leads convert.

So if you get 5,000 leads, for example, and you spent $5,000, like basically you spend five, you get 5,000 leads at a dollar per lead. That's $5,000 spent. It's about 500 leads at a $75 AOV, which comes out to about $37,500 in revenue.

Now, this is basically 5,000 spent to do $37,500 in revenue. You know, that's what like 8X, close to 8X for us, like 7.5X return on ads been. So yeah, so just want to show the case that to you guys, like basically like what those numbers look like.

As far as like the actual structure of like the campaign and stuff like that, all I'm doing is Facebook lead ads, like on platform lead ads. Next thing I'm doing is I'm just doing one ad set. I know I do like DCTs and stuff like that, but for this, I just drop a bunch of ads in one ad set.

And I make sure to turn on on platform leads. So basically I'm connecting, I'm collecting the lead on platform and then I'm taking those leads and I'm exporting to Klaviyo from there. And that's where I'm gonna do like my email and SMS to let people know.

Now, what I wanna do is, is on that launch day, whether it's for a new product, sales of it or a new brand, that's where I wanna send out like email and SMS throughout the day. You know, hey, one hour, get your carts ready. Hey, we're live.

Hurry up and go purchase now. We're gonna run out of stock. Then maybe like one or two reminders throughout the rest of the day from there.

Another thing here is don't forget about your organic. Hype up this stuff on organic. Hype up this stuff with your email list that you have now because you're building a new email list essentially for this.

So the current email list now, you can try to like, you know, basically send traffic to that landing page to get people to opt in. And then also your influencers. You know, like I said, Alpha Lead has their influencers and stuff like that that also push traffic to this particular page.

So, but yeah, guys, that's how we did $80,000 in that one hour with the hype up, the product launch formula right there. For one of our clients, except we do this for sales events, we do this for new product drops, new collection drops, and new brand launch. We do exactly the same thing that we do for our Black Friday every time we need to do these particular events.

They work really well. Hope you guys enjoyed this. Drop a comment below if you have any questions.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your ads, we work with Shopify brands doing about 100K a month that want to scale to multi seven figures per month.

Click the link below. Have Nick Terrio run your ads. Or if you want me to mentor you, then click the link below for have Nick Terrio mentor you.

So thank you all so much for watching. Have a good rest of your day. Peace out.