I've done over a hundred million dollars in revenue for my clients on my Facebook ads agency over the last five years of running ads. And in today's video, I'm going to be answering your questions. I recently posted a tweet basically just saying, hey, who has questions around Facebook ads, creatives, landing page, offer, all of those good things.

And I got some really good questions that we'll be answering in today's video. That being said, let's dive into it. So the very first question is what's your best advice for attracting higher ticket clients as a Facebook ads agency owner.

And my advice for you is you need to work your way up the ladder. My very first clients were just getting started. They weren't making any money with Facebook ads, and I was charging them $500 a month to build out their Facebook ads, build out their funnel, all of those things, and then get them running.

What I realized with this is that these were the lowest paying clients because they had no proof and no success with Facebook ads. And a lot of them, this was their first time running Facebook ads. Working my way up, as I started landing clients that were already running Facebook ads, and were just doing it wrongfully, like they weren't making money, they had a lot of mistakes they were making.

These particular clients are here, I was able to charge $1,500 to $2,000 a month for, and they were way less time because they already had everything built out. They just need a specialist to go in and tweak everything. So once I start landing these clients, and I'm starting to be able to get case studies of how I scaled, you know, this client from $30,000 a month to $60,000 a month, then I would go and scale clients from $50,000 a month to $200,000 a month.

I would turn these clients into the perfect clients that would want to sign, use those case studies to then go sign those big clients that I wanted. So you just have to work your way up and then charge based off the results you provide for people. I was talking to an agency owner earlier who was literally charging $500 a month and making clients $50,000 a month to run all their ads and stuff like that is terrible.

So for me, I always want to make sure that I'm charging anywhere between $10,000, probably about average $5,000 to $10,000 a month for my clients. And then what I'm, my goal here is to make them anywhere between 50 to 100 X more of that in revenue to be able to pay off that particular fee right there. Next question is what's the biggest thing that's made the biggest impact on your conversions with Facebook ads?

For me, it was shifting from spending 95% of my time inside of the Facebook ad account to shifting that time all into creatives and marketing fundamentals and looking at the full funnel. I used to be super nerdy and techie and have like, I'd spend three hours in one Facebook ad account, just breaking down every single little thing. And I would overanalyze all the little bit of data inside of that account.

Now for me, it's like, I spend two, three minutes a day inside the ad account, checking real quick, moving to the next one. And I spend the other 95% of my day looking at the overall what messaging personas and funnel that we're running for that particular client and how, what are the big things we can tweak that to make the large change in that particular business there? This next question is what's the number one mistake you see with brands making with their landing page?

This is a very easy one. Their ads are not congruent with their landing page. Inside of the ads, they'll be showing girls doing yoga and how this is an amazing yoga product.

Then they like send people to a product page where it's like a guy looking like he's about to step on stage for Mr. Olympia 2025. Who's using a yoga mat in all the photos and videos and stuff on the product page.

So whatever customer persona you show in the ads also needs to be shown in the product page, the landing page, those main benefits you call them. The ad also needs to be shown on that product page as well. So it's like very common for us to have various different landing pages for various different personas.

When we're working with a client, next question is, could you please share your process for briefing designers on how to create your ads? So this is very simple here. I basically go and I script out my ad.

Let's say it's a UGC video or like a long form script. I'll go and write out that script. Basically just what I want that person to say and or like that voiceover to say.

I'll send that voiceover to my designer and then my designer will go and use 11 labs to make that voiceover into voice and then he'll go and pull out various clips that we already have on file. And then what I tell them to do is articulate each word into a visual. So let's say for example, we're talking about like this product works amazing for losing weight.

I'll show the product and a person that looks very slim. All I'm asking myself is how can I visually articulate each scene? A scene for me is like three or four words put together basically.

So like each sentence basically. And I just keep my sentences really short. And that would be like for a long form video right there.

And I'll just go through each scene within that video. Now if it's a photo ad, I'll probably send them a headline with three like benefits on it. And then basically same thing right there.

How can you visually articulate that headline? If it's here's how to scale Facebook ads in 2025, I'll go and show like a dashboard of like Facebook ads crushing it. And then like three key benefits, masterclass, get it now, link below.

So long story short, it's about just understanding for the designer to always think from a perspective of how can I visually articulate each of these words in this script or photo ad. All right. Next one is what is the number one pattern you've seen with eight figure offers that most beginners still get from?

Very easy one here. Most beginners try to go for very, very niched offers. For example, an offer specifically for left-handed brain surgeons who live in the USA versus an offer like this product is amazing for moms who are about to get birth.

Like there's significantly more people in that one versus the left-handed brain surgeon. Now there's nothing wrong with going niche, but if you're going to go niche, you need to make sure that you're charging high ticket pricing. The smaller the market and the less competition, the more you can charge until other competitors come in and beat you out.

Next question is, do you give your existing content creators only hooks or complete new scripts? This is a really good question. So if I'm working with an existing content creator that's already filmed ads forest and they do a really good job at it, I like to try to give them less information and allow them to have more freedom to create.

Now again, this will be heavily dependent on the creator itself. Some creators love really detailed scripts, but what I find is the more detailed of a script I give a creator, there's a point of which that it actually just breaks them because there's so many little key things for them to remember. It actually is difficult for them to actually like actually articulate all that inside of an app and it looks too scripted and unnatural.

So I like to try to find a happy medium with some of these creators where I'll only give them a hook and three key talking points and allow them to say whatever they want as long as they flow through those talking points and hit that hook. Now for a brand new creator I've never worked with, I will give them a more scripted approach and that's just because I want to make sure I get it right the first time and then depending on how creative they were with that script and actually really took their time to actually excel with that script, then I'll just give them a hook and three key talking points moving forward. Next question is what's the one offer tweak that consistently boosts ROAS?

So if you want to boost your return on ad spend by just tweaking the offer a little bit, I'm just always a fan of increasing the size of which people are going to buy. I find a lot of people they try to add in a ton of stuff in terms of like buy two get five for free which yeah it looks good but I never see offers like that scale. A great example is AG1 Athletic Greens.

They've added in other products to increase the perceived value where a lot of people get wrong is that they they think oh let me increase products for the AOV let me just add five more of the same product. I like to add in other products that's going to complement that product as bonus items or free gifts and what that allows to do is it increases the perceived value of that offer and actually allows people to buy at a much better rate. Next question is go to account structure for testing and scaling.

To be fair if you watch the channel you should already know especially if you go watch like my videos on how to lower cost per purchase in 2025. Facebook ad account structure to use in 2025 or Facebook campaign structure to use in 2025. How to test Facebook ads in 2025.

I have plenty of videos on this channel that already go in very detailed specifics of how to do these things but long story short for me my go-to account structure is one campaign per product or product category or country kind of depending on where we're at in the testing phase and then I do a CBO campaign I add in new ads into that campaign and allow Facebook to spend on them if they're going to beat my current best performer right there and then I just simply increase or decrease that budget of that CBO by 20% up or 20% down depending on if we're hitting our target cost per purchase. Very easy to do, very easy to manage and it's the thing that's allowed us to scale and see the best success for all of our clients. Next question is what is your most profitable ad to date?

That's a really hard one right there. I'm just going to go over a couple not necessarily most profitable but ones that I just knew were huge ads for clients we worked with. Back in 2020 yeah 2021 working with metal address signs we were able to scale them into $900,000 in 20 days with one I think it was one picture ad that we used which was just simply a couple holding the product looking amazing and then just simply articulating the fact that hey this is gonna be the perfect gift for Valentine's Day.

That new creative right there really changed the trajectory of that particular business. Moving forward working with this insurance brand I can't really go into too much details because of NDA but working with this insurance brand we were able to create this ad that is completely unaware which basically just means we're calling out a group of people and we're creating a problem for them. So we call it the fact of hey little known secret about Medicare and then this could cost you thousands of dollars if you ignore this introduce the problem that our product solves introduce the product or basically and then sending peak traffic to put in their information through a lead right there that crushed for us.

It was huge you know spending literally 10-15k a day on that ad right there for months out of time. Now next thing I would say was another big ad. We had a lot of winners when we're working with Icon Amsterdam.

We helped them scale from 300k a month to 2 million dollars a month over the course of two years and one of the best ads that just consistently kept working was like from this one particular creator and every time this creator sent over an ad we put in the ad account and boom it would take overall spend and just crush literally every time. So that was a really fun ad right there. Next one was working with this brand that did paint by numbers and you know they were stuck with 150k a month and we literally created this ad based off of comments inside of like reviewing the comments on our ads and we saw this two particular people that basically just commented and tagged each other and said hey you know this would be a fun for a girls night.

So we created an ad specifically around girls night little you know like hey this would be the next fun thing for you to do with your girls and girls night and this ad literally helped us scale from 150k a month to I think we capped out about 1.8 1.5 million dollars a month in revenue over the course of six months right there and then the last ad that I think is extremely more of a memorable ad is working with assets and we created the basically the butt ad where it's a balloon side by side and you'll see like the balloon on the side looks really bad with a little like not and then the other ad right there or other side you'll see the balloon looking perfect or the donut ad for that brand where on the left you'll see the donut looking terrible almost looked like it was left in the oven a little too long and then on the right a perfectly glazed perfect donut and it was basically like basically saying like hey your butt deserves better health and that ad right there has been featured in almost every newsletter now I think it's a template on creative os a lot of people basically took that ad and like use it as inspiration in their accounts and stuff so that was a really fun ad right there that I really liked all right this next question is tips on creating engaging visuals for videos for people who basically have no editing experience and hard time with finding good b-roll so first things first if you struggle because you don't have any video editing experience just hire a video editor very simple or get cap cut cap cut's actually pretty easy to edit in I recommend that really good grid bank.com is a phenomenal thing I just found recently it's literally a b-roll website but only b-roll shot with an iphone so it looks natural it doesn't look like a stock video type of website right there and then the last thing is if I need some type of video with a product like people actually using a product I will literally just very detailed describe the scene I need of just the b-roll filmed and I'll hire creators and just get them to film it so let's say this celsius right here I'm drinking maybe I need a girl in the gym she's doing back squats I want the camera pointed kind of off to the side so not behind her but off to the side of her like this and I want her to finish a set of 10 pick up a celsius put it to the camera and take a sip that's it and I'll literally hire a creator and give them just that like information and stuff right there all right and this will be the last question we'll go over today which is how do you understand if it's a ad issue or a product issue this is a really good question right here so when we come into a client's account they pay us to make products work whereas a lot of you guys watching this channel you test a product for a week and then move on it's you have to find a balance and you have to find a hard line in the sand and I think probably one of my favorite things with like testing products I'm gonna go from this perspective for you guys because a lot of you guys are testing products on a week-to-week basis my favorite way to test the product is simply going ahead launch a new campaign one campaign one ad set target just usa because if you crush in the usa you'll win everywhere else target usa launch six ads all with different creatives all with different angles and those six angles need to come from different personas and desires you find through research and you spend time crafting a well-created ad around that particular persona right there for each of those particular ads you have six complete unique angles be very clear on that now if we launch that for a week my goal is to be break even or close to break even if that's not the case then I'm scrapping it the other thing I want to be looking at is what are those metrics look like like maybe we're getting amazing cost per click but a really shitty cost conversion rate on the website then what I'll be doing is just simply trying to improve that conversion rate and leave the current ads running that we have now now after 30 days we found a product on week one that's you know break even or just slightly under break even and we start scaling it in that first 30 days if we're not profitable after 30 days because like you know we kind of isolated and found a one that we really want to focus on scaling then what I simply want to do is just move on to the next product I think a lot of people the biggest mistake they make is just they drag on for way too long with a shitty product and I also should see a strong hypothesis of why or a thesis of why this product should work based off all my market research I should just see a clear market a clear reason why and all of those good things right there as well before I even test this product so that way I actually have some level of confidence before I even like even throw my money at it right there so that's it I hope you guys enjoyed this video if you want a part two drop a comment below make sure the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday my name is Nick Terrio I'll talk to you guys later peace out