Today, I want to go over a $100 e-com store and a $1 million per month e-com store. And what are the differences between pretty much in all the different stages as you scale up from literally doing $100 a month all the way to over a million dollars a month with e-com. So that being said, let's dive into it.

Let's start off with a $100 e-com store first. And this is pretty much right in the beginning, you know, you're doing $100 a month with e-com. Um, honestly, you shouldn't be doing fucking $100 a month.

At this stage, you maybe have one or two sales, what I would say a month. And honestly, if you're spending anything on Facebook ads, it's probably at a loss right now. And that's okay.

That's totally okay. Because that's just gathering data right now on the Facebook ad side. I'm just do Facebook, Facebook ads.

And then the next aspect is all of your ads are probably going to look like this just product picks from manufacturer. A lot of you drop shippers probably know what I'm talking about right there. Yeah.

Pretty straightforward. You know, you know, landing page sucks. And, uh, you know, there's a lot going on probably over, let me say over wordy and then no marketing connection right there.

That's a hundred dollars per month e-com store. So let's move over now to a $10,000, uh, per month e-com store. So at $10,000 a month, here's where you're probably going to start seeing more break even on ads.

You're probably testing anywhere between, uh, three to six new ads a week. Your creatives now are going to be a little bit more, what I would say probably product focused, product focused or a discount focus is what I typically see. So we'll probably be like my product has X.

My iPhone has 250 gigabytes of memory. Boom. Bye now.

Or it'll be like my product is 60% off. And then you're still probably still only spending on Facebook ads, but now you probably also made a couple tweaks to your landing page, minor tweaks to LP. This will probably be more like product photos right there.

Now the difference between $10,000 a month e-com store and a hundred thousand dollars a month is this. So let's look at a hundred thousand dollars per month e-com store. So now you're profitable with ads.

You're probably doing anywhere between 20 to 30% profit. You're probably on Facebook ads, Google, and then, uh, what I would say email. And then at this level, you're probably spending 70% on Facebook ads and then 30% on Google.

Technically email is free. So it doesn't cost you anything right there from the ad side, specifically on the Facebook ad side, because Google is going to be more remarketing Facebook ads, you'll be connecting with your audience. So your ads will look like this one to scale ads, you know, just some examples like that.

You're calling out things that people want, and then you're showing them in that creative. You'll also probably be testing anywhere between what I would say, I don't know, let's just say 10 to 12 new creatives a week. And then you're getting a lot of fresh content as well.

So like you're not reusing content every week, you're getting 10 to 12 fresh pieces of content shot, whether it's creators or something like that. And then, like I said, it's mostly gonna be on Facebook. Google will be purely like remarketing.

And also too, from the landing page side, your main page is, is dialed in. So I'll call it AOV, not really taking any actions at this point. I don't really see many people take actions at AOV, maybe some, uh, minor bundles.

And then LTV is where we'll see, uh, nothing at this stage. Like we're not really doing anything right there. That's typically what I'll see at a hundred thousand dollars a month.

Now the big difference here between a hundred K and a million dollars a month is this right here. Let's look at $1 million per month. So at this stage right here, there's a lot of things going on at this stage, right?

So let's just be very clear here. Only 1% of businesses, less than 1% of businesses hit a million dollars a month. And my agency, we've helped 6% of our clients hit over a million dollars a month with their e-com store.

So, you know, just be clear here, like we've seen what it takes to help e-com brands scale us a million dollars a month. And they operate completely different than say someone at a hundred K a month, 10 K a month and a hundred dollars a month. And one of the biggest things immediately that I'll notice is that everything they did to get to about a hundred K a month, they just take severely more actions in those things.

So like we're testing 30 to 40 new creatives per week, you know, three to four new landing pages a week spending, you know, I know some brands spending three, $400 a video for Facebook testing multiple new products for, I would say LTV. So like they're really cranking on LTV and then plus let's just say AOV as well. You know, we're on Facebook, we're on Google, we're on TikTok.

We're doing a heavy push on organic and also a heavy push on influencers. Another thing is their LTV equals dialed. Typically we'll see a 40% of monthly revenue come from LTV ads on the ad side.

You know, we're focusing on tons of different angles and specifically doing a lot of unaware ads as well. More countries we're in as well. So after we scale to a hundred K a month in one country, then that's when I start trying to focus on other countries as well.

Yeah. So a lot more creatives per week, 30, 40 new creatives per week, you know, three to four new landing pages a week, spending three, $400 a video for Facebook ads for like UGC, for example, testable, testing multiple new products for LTV, AOV, Facebook, Google, TikTok, organic influencers, LTVs dialed in more angles in terms of like the unaware ads and stuff like in those 30 to 40 creatives. We're also doing more countries and stuff like that.

And then also too, we're really refining our brand purpose. Now the brand purpose is what dictates all of the products we continue to create. And why does the brand exist outside of just simply making you money?

So like, for example, like my whole YouTube exists for simply helping people get better with Facebook ads. There's obviously some side monetary moments of like selling my agency course and inner circle, but for the most part, it exists to help you guys get better at Facebook ads and scale. So that's where you start looking at it from a brand perspective.

Why does this brand exist outside of just simply making more money? Is it allowing people who can't afford healthcare to get access to cheaper alternatives of healthcare? Is it to help kids find ways to have fun without sitting there on an iPad all day?

What's the long-term arching goal of the business from a brand positioning perspective and like the purpose of the brand in the industry? That's where I really find that at $1 million a month, that's really solidified in there. And, uh, you know, to be fair, like, you know, we've helped one brand even hit 5 million in a single month.

And all of this is pretty much the same from here. It's just a lot more refined and a lot more of those actions right there. So hopefully this helped you guys out and understand the difference between $1 million a month, all the way down to a hundred dollars a month.

Hopefully this helps you out, add some clarity, give you some guidance and everything like that. And, uh, want to first off hit the like button, hit subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name's Nick Terry.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.