Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to discuss our Black Friday results. In fact, we actually did $979,000 across our Black Friday offers. So it's not necessarily just that Black Friday day.

We had some Black Fridays that started early. We had a Black Friday, you know, that went a few days long. So it's not just that one day, but it's across all of our clients for that whole period of time.

So again, it's not just one client, it's accumulation of all of them. We did $979,000 average of like a three and a half X return on ad spend. So went really, really good.

So I'm excited to share with you guys our learnings from it, what we did to prepare for it and all that fun stuff to where you can kind of look back at this video, maybe next year, really get a lot of insight and stuff like that. So that being said, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Let's dive into it guys.

Okay, so just to flash a few screenshots real quick. So just a few of them from our stores and stuff. And like I said, they're different dates because some Black Fridays started early, some ended later and yada, yada, yada.

So they pretty much all ended Cyber Monday was the last day. So again, this does include Cyber Monday as well for those asking. Yeah, we did have one brand that just did insane numbers, like a good portion of that total $979,000 is like one brand, which is insane.

But that's typically how it is every year. Every year as an agency, we'll have that one client that just does insane, insane numbers. And then other clients to do really good.

And then other clients are just like, ah, so I really want to showcase that to you guys. So y'all can take some understanding and some learnings from me and how you can actually apply that to you, or at least improve your knowledge around Black Friday for future reference. So in September, we started our preparation.

Okay. We're not going out there creating creatives. We're not going out there and creating anything.

We're just, all right, we're sitting down and we're going to spend a few hours this month talking about each brand. We want to know what's their goal revenue target might be a hundred thousand dollars that month might be a million dollars that month. We want to understand what their goal is.

And then we also want to understand if it's feasible or not. If a brand that's been doing 10k a month for last year wants to do 50 to a hundred thousand dollars that month, it's very unlikely that's going to happen. So we also want to kind of manage, this is a great time to manage client expectations of what's going to happen.

So we want to look at that. And then we also want to look at inventory. So like if they have a crazy goal to a hundred K that month, do you even have at least two thirds of your inventory to equate to a hundred K?

So this happens a lot with clothing brands. They have a hundred thousand dollars in inventory, but all of their popular sizes only equates to about 50,000 or $30,000. And that $30,000 is bought up and the rest doesn't get bought because it's bad sizes.

It's things like that. And that's an issue. So like your actual sellable inventory would be equate to about a hundred K is very key.

If you want to hit a hundred K that month. And then we start kind of talking around with the offer we want to do for that. Uh, is it 50% off 30% off yada, yada, yada.

We also want to look at prior history of what offers have worked in the past. So if like, we've never done more than a 20% off offer, then we might want to do 25% or 30% to really have that big, like momentum and like really have something big, great slam. Then we start looking at the content.

So what type of content do we need to plan out? Uh, this is also going to kind of look at like the strategy. Um, this is kind of the wrong order, but we always do the strategy first, um, of like, what do we want to do?

99% of the time, our strategy for black Friday is VIP lists building for two weeks, teasing and hype building throughout that period of time, black Friday launch, then cyber Monday refresh, and then sometimes an extended period of cyber Monday. So we already know what, what strategy we want to do, but now what's the content do we need? Do we need the client to go sit in front of a camera and talk about all the amazing deals that's going on that black Friday?

Do we need videos of people unboxing popular products and reacting to it? Like we want to just start getting an understanding of all the different content we need. So that way we can have all that listed out for October, which we're going to get to in a second.

And then we also want to look at backup plans. So let's say we're trying something for black Friday. What is our backup plan?

If this does not work, that's a big key right there now, October. So we did the preparation in September. It's a lot of just jotting down notes, like outlining stuff, timeline building, all that fun stuff.

Now, October is actually the time we start building and building the creatives, building the emails out, building the landing pages. If there's any landing pages, if we're going to do specific, like in use influencers, part of our strategy to drive traffic for, we need to make sure that we're connected with those. And we're starting to get products sent to them.

Last thing you want to do is try to send a product and influencer a week before black Friday, and then they don't get it in time. And then you waste your money on influencer and you wasted money on that product. So we want to start building and setting all of the bricks for our foundation.

We put the plans for the house together the first month. Now this month, we're actually going to start laying down that foundation. So if it's creatives, like go and build up all of the different creatives for black Friday, separate Monday, go and build all the emails out, all the copywriting, all of that fun stuff we're going to do in October.

Now, November, we're actually going to execute. And November, if you follow this strategy, like precisely, November is actually not going to be that stressful. And let me explain why.

So you did all the building in October, you're all planning in September. Well, November, now you're executing, you're scheduling out all of the ads, you're scheduling out all of the emails in November, and you want to try to do this a few weeks before black Friday. So like, as soon as you get it ready, schedule it out.

That's the key right there. And in November, we're going to focus on two things. We want to scale up that VIP list generation.

So we want to try to get as many people as possible to go on that VIP list before black Friday launch. And then we want to scale the black Friday, separate money ads. Once they launch, we want to try to spend as much as humanly possible.

So you do all, you're going to be doing a lot more managing spin and spending as much as you can profitably. In November, if you have all of your assets built out on time. Now, let's say, for example, you're starting to scale that VIP list ad and none of like nothing works in terms of the creative and like what we're trying to promote, then that's a big problem.

And we have to go back to a drawing board, come up with new creatives, new strategy, everything like that in November. So it can become stressful if things doesn't go to plan. So you definitely need that backup plan somewhere in there.

If this doesn't work, we'll do this. Now, December. So if you just simply go into December and don't think anything about it, big problem is kind of why I did this video as well, is you want to recap of what happened during November.

Like was performance good that we hit our targets that we have logistical issues that we have customer service issues. Our email marketer accidentally set an email template live on one of our accounts and it messed up like a thousand orders, like no lie, like big issue. So like that's something right there that, you know, needs to be like, like basically in the future, like, Hey, doesn't like happen again.

So you need to look at like those different problems right there, problems in the business. And you got to do that and be able to look back, figure out those problems and how can I prevent it from next year. And then also to what went well.

So we hit our revenue target. Everything went perfectly. So now we kind of know what works in terms of our offers for next year.

We also know like, Hey, the best sellers sold out perfectly. That basically means we need to spend more. Like if everything went perfectly and like, like, let's say for example, you wanted a five extra ROAS and you've got a five extra ROAS and it still stayed perfectly five X as you were scaling.

That basically means you just need to spend more, like no lie, spend as hard as you can. And so you start to see performance drop this or pulling back a little bit. So what can we take into next year to improve performance?

It's really big right there, but yeah. So really recap now going back and reflecting of what worked well for us, just so you can take some value from this video, like, Hey, cool. Great.

We see your plan. We see how much you did, but what worked well? Um, I stand by this every year, build a VIP list out.

It's very, very essential. And it's something that a lot of clients, some clients are hesitant to do and some aren't. And it's also something that not every brand can do.

I'm starting to really learn and understand like what brands can do it and what brands can't. The biggest contributing factors is do you have other products on your, like, do you have a reason for people to come back and purchase from you again? Like for one of our brands, we have this product that no one's gonna purchase again.

You can purchase it once and that's it. So building a VIP list of existing customers to send them back to the same product doesn't make sense. If you have really bad customer service and a bad customer experience, it's gonna be really hard for customers to come back to you.

So like we want people of really engaged lists, engaged customers that this frequently does product drops throughout the year that all contributes to the overall success of that brand. And that makes that VIP list do so much, so much better compared to then like exact, like exact examples of like bad stores and stuff. So, and we started 14 days out, um, from our launch day.

Um, so if we started early, then it's 14 days from that early day. If we started on black Friday, it's 14 days from that black Friday day. I definitely want to try about a 21 day period next year.

So start even further because our acquisition was spot on at on day one. And usually we like a few days of it's starting to tear like search, start expensive for a little bit, cause it's not relevant to people and then start to get cheaper. So that way we can spend a lot more and have that time for everything to optimize a little bit better.

A big thing we did this year that really was a stressor for a lot of our clients is that when performance started to dip a week before black Friday, that happens every year, we encouraged them to keep spending, even though it was like a one extra ass they're getting. And what that did was is if we kept spending on a one extra ass a week before we kept building up those retargeting those remarketing audiences, which gave us a lot more audiences to hit for black Friday and allow us to spend more because we had such a big audience to hit. So that was really big right there.

Um, going up to the big events again, you have to understand your brand. Don't do anything crazy. Like don't go out there and do that.

And like, it doesn't work. You have to understand what brand works better for like spending a lot before it was very low. Rob as launching black Friday, December, Monday, we've seen a lot of brands launched on the 19th to 20th, which is like Friday to Saturday before black Friday.

They did pretty good. I would never go further out than that. Um, it just, it's like pushing a dead horse.

It's not fun, engaged email list and engaged existing customers. So as mentioned, you really want to make sure that you have some really good engaged email list, engaged, existing customers, you product drops off. Then you have reason for people to keep coming back to you.

Like you're building a really good brand versus you have a one product shop, drop shipping store, maybe your 3PL store and you people purchase your product once and never buy it again. Like that's a big problem right there. You're not going to want to really use a VIP list route or spending a ton before the big event to, to get people to come back in.

So our simple offer stores did 10 times better than stores that did a complex offer. And I see simple offer as in 20% off 30% off 50% off just very clear and straightforward, clear messaging on what's getting discounted. So, so that was really big right there.

Evergreen ads as well. Our evergreen top of funnel ads. I get a lot of questions about this.

Our evergreen ads perform significantly better at top of funnel than our black Friday top of funnel ads, but our middle of funnel and bottom of funnel are we targeting ads? Our black Friday ads perform significantly better. So basically we had top of funnel as just standard evergreen, no change in creative or anything like that.

We turned off our black Friday cause they were performing horribly. And then our retargeting our middle funnel and bottom of funnel had all of our black Friday creative and everything like that. And it performed 10 times better than our other retargeting creative.

So, um, and I noticed that across the board from a ton of other brand owners, the CPMs were literally 50% cheaper. So like we had a hundred dollars CPM on one account for our black Friday top of funnel ads. And our evergreen was doing $50, uh, $50 because it just the way everyone's bidding and so much competition and stuff like that.

And then lastly, what worked really well for us is we were able to review past campaigns. So like the Halloween sale, um, the July 4th of July, sell the labor day. So we reviewed past sell campaigns to kind of get a good gauge of how this brand or these brands respond to a sale.

And this really allows you to like, like if you do good for every holiday and you do a major sale and you do really well, like you're going to do pretty good for black Friday. If you never do good at it, when you run a sale likelihood of going good on black Friday is very, very, very low. So you just have to understand it from that perspective as well.

And that allowed us to really judge of how much we were going to spend, um, on those specific days. Now going into the last part of this video, what didn't work well, where did we see problems at in our black Friday? Um, what were some of those things that arose and things like that?

So one brand, um, performed horribly their offer. They launched on Friday and the plan of action was to launch, uh, the offer Friday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, then Monday have a whole new offer. Just kind of give us variation and stuff like that.

And we launched it Friday. Didn't do good. Saturday didn't do good.

Sunday didn't do good. We swapped over to cyber Monday and see neither night to day differences in terms of performance. Um, and in fact, actually the day I'm filming this video is the Friday after cyber Monday and we are still holding that offer up and it's crushing for this brand.

So like, that's a big thing right there. And it literally went from a buy to get one free to just 30% off. That's it.

Both have the same expense per order. So like, it's really no difference. It's just, it's just slightly different in terms of like, um, the viewer conception, uh, perception essentially.

So single product stores that don't have a customer retention figured out yet. Didn't perform well at all. So stores that just had one product and trying to scale, like, look, didn't perform well at all.

We had a few black Friday, several Monday creatives. We left kind of in the background on retargeting with very low budget and it's focused on our evergreen because it just didn't perform well. Um, people don't have a reason to come back and purchase them from again, and they don't have any other products to push and they're very unengaged with their email lessons, things like that.

So like that was a big issue right there. Also to CPMs were eating them alive. So you don't have this big splurge of existing customers and existing people that's been following the brand for a while purchasing from you.

Plus you are getting eaten alive at CPMs. Like it just turns out into a bad month. Essentially that's not good.

So one or two of our, uh, VIP list brands, like in terms of like the brands we'd VIP list for, uh, the messaging was kind of unclear of why they were subscribed to this VIP list. So that was something that we noticed towards like, why is our cost being so high on the VIP list? Um, so that's something that we're looking at next year to be really, really, really thorough in terms of like, okay, how clear is this messaging?

How clear is it that I'm subscribed to this VIP list? For what reason? One brand we didn't prepare for spend limitations.

Like, like we were spending like three to five to $6,000 a day on this brand already. And we bumped the budget up to 15 to $20,000 for black Friday day. And we got capped that 10 K.

So, um, we actually had to go get two more ad accounts at 10 K a pop, um, in terms of like limits on each one, so we had like 30 K a day and spend for those accounts. So that wasn't fun. That could, I mean, luckily we were able to push through it and, um, we, we basically essentially were able to go, go get past it.

Uh, but that's definitely something that next year we're going to be chatting with Facebook support a month before, Hey, we're planning on spending this amount for black Friday. We know we have a limit of 10 K a day right now. Like how can we improve that?

And we were actually chatting with Facebook, like literally the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. And it wasn't like, it wasn't getting anywhere. So we're going to definitely look at that early.

I, I encourage every brand that, um, goes into black Friday next year, message Facebook support and just ask for two to three extra average daily spend. So if you're typically spending $500 a day, try to go for like $1,500 a day, because you never know if you have an offer, it takes off the most, the worst thing ever is when you have an offer that just takes off works super well. And then all of a sudden, Oh, I can't spend more than a thousand dollars a day.

And it's just like, Oh, cause you can scale it so hard, but you can't because of that, um, that particular limitation or anything on that account. So not fun. And then the last thing that didn't really work well is we took on a few clients right at the beginning of November.

So we had to like rush their black Friday prep and it just, it didn't allow us to really kind of dig into the strategy and stuff like that. So, um, next year does something that we're going to be kind of communicating and being a little more transparent for clients on, um, more specifically in that scenario right there of, Hey, look, you know, we've got a lot of work to do in a very short period of time. Like we need both team your side and my side so we can prep this.

It's not just us can prep everything. So, but yeah, so that's exactly how we did $979,000 for black Friday, separate Monday. Again, that's, that's across all of the different, um, uh, brands.

And it's also to like, we had one brand that our earliest brand started on the 19th, which is Friday and they all ended on the 29th. So within that 10 day period of time, all of this was done. This wasn't just Friday itself, total revenue, $979,000.

Um, we had an average ROAS of three and a half X and then our average breakeven ROAS, cause that's very important to understand was two X right there. So yeah, brands did very good with profit. A lot of new customers acquired, um, and it really good.

So really great across the board. Very, very, very exciting month. Yeah.

Uh, sorry for your new videos last week. I'm, as you can tell right now, I'm still worn out from just the past two weeks have just been insane. So I want to thank you guys so much for watching this video.

I hope I was able to shed some light on black Friday, the good and the bad. I've seen a lot of screenshots on Twitter, Facebook and stuff like that, but also to then see many people talking about their defeats. Um, I think there's a lot of people, just as many people profit it, just as many people lost money for black Friday, just as many people had some crazy problems with their business and stuff like that.

Um, I kind of just want to be transparent and just kind of educate everyone of like, Hey, this is what we did. How did you guys do? I'm very curious.

Drop a comment below. Um, what did you do for black Friday? How well did it work?

Did you try our VIP list strategy? Did it work well for you? Like what, what happened in that case right there?

Um, I'm very curious. So drop a comment below. And if you're an e-com brand owner and you're doing at least 50 K a month in revenue, and would love to hop on a call with me and my team, we can hop on a call at you, look at your business and take a look at your strategy and stuff like that.

Um, and basically give you a strategy that we would use to help you scale your brands at six and seven figure months. And we'll, uh, you can take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose. And don't forget to hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you guys so much for watching the channel. I appreciate all the support so very, very much, and I hope you'll have a great holidays. Talk to you guys soon.

Bye.