If I gave you a soul Would you be there for me? Could you be there for me? If I put you deep in love with you Alright, okay so that's the garage.

Put some landlows in there but... On top of all the roadways, there's another fucking thing. Oh, just when you thought it was over.

Oh, you know what they said? They said there was two entrances to the house. Yeah, they left some tequila for us?

What kind of bottles of tequila they got? Hey, I think the JBL. I'll be jacking the JBL.

Oh wow, this is pretty cool. Cool! That right there was the goal.

Let's go see some of the other bedrooms. Is it a bedroom or a bathroom? Definitely a bathroom.

I think we have another flight of stairs to go up. Food. Yeah!

Oh, alright. Bed! I'll take this room.

So you get your bed, your bathtub, toilet. It's pretty cool. See the LA Hills view that we've been looking for.

Let's go check this outside out. This is cool. This is cool.

This is cool. This is cool. This is cool.

This is cool. It's just been really cool to see. You know, it's interesting to hear a guy.

You're just a guy on YouTube. I'm just a guy on YouTube. We're in our rooms in front of cameras and stuff.

And to see the real world benefiting and using our lingo and how we impact each other is just really fulfilling. Yeah. It's just really fulfilling.

That's the cool thing about YouTube. And you know, I didn't really look at it like this until like a little bit later down the road, but it's like, in the beginning, like, you know, I did content just because I loved it. Sure.

This is like my fifth YouTube channel. I grew up, growing up gaming YouTube channel back when I was younger. And it's like, you know, like, I was a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a content.

And then like after about a year or two years in, I started getting people, like sending me messages like, bro, I scaled to 100K, 500K a month. Oh, this is the best. And I'm like, you've just been watching my free content.

Yeah. Yeah. It just, it blows my mind.

It's just like, what? But it creates that goodwill and there's a lot of like, you know, lower tier countries that just unfortunately can't quite like afford some of our higher ticket products. Yeah.

And it's like, bro, your YouTube channel has literally like changed my life. And it's just like, it's so fulfilling. And I know you, you get the same as well.

Oh, I do. We just made it to Airbnb. We are in the heels, Hollywood heels, California or Los Angeles, whatever you want to call it.

We have a pretty fun eventful weekend for you guys. What a lot of awesome stuff that's going to be happening this weekend. And yeah, right now we, we literally just got to the Airbnb.

We are drained after flying. So we're about to get a little bit of food and then we're going to go head out, check out the city. So we're going to do a little bit more of this weekend.

So we're going to make sure that we're going to go to the Airbnb. So, let's go ahead and check out the city. So, let's go ahead and check out the city.

Alright, so I didn't even give it another time I said. Guys, guys, let's see what else is going on X1? It feels weird going to call since 11am right now.

Just finished up our student call. This week we focused on motion baiting and teaching people how to leverage market sophistication inside of their ads. Now time to get some food and then we have something exciting that's about to get here.

As promised we did have something exciting for you guys today. I'm also kind of nervous to be honest because we were up some steep ass hills where our house is at right now. But we did rent two Lamborghini Huracan Spiders for the weekend.

And I mean hey I want it green but they only have white so. Alright let's go put this thing in Corsa. Bro you heard the exhaust?

That opened up a lot. I can't even find the blinker. There it is dude.

I really don't. Oh wait. Haha I found it.

Alright. This is way more stressful than a box. I know bro.

There's no auto start in Lamborghini. Carvet's not auto start. I love Corvette.

I've had a bunch. Bro have you drove in the C8 yet? Yeah.

Dude. Alright guys. We are just leaving Zoo Culture.

What? Liquor store. Oh liquor?

Yeah let's go to it. I'm so happy. You ever seen a sad dude in a Lambo?

You. What's going on guys? Welcome to day number 2 of LA.

Currently right now we are about to go hop in the cars and we are going to go explore Santa Monica. So let's go have some fun. What?

What? Oh liquor store. Oh liquor store.

Oh liquor store. Oh liquor store. Oh liquor store.

Oh liquor store. Oh liquor store. Yeah let's go to it.

So happy. You ever seen a sad dude in a Lambo? You.

Oh liquor store. Oh liquor store. What's going on guys?

Welcome to day number 2 of LA. Currently right now we are about to go hop in the cars and we are going to go explore Santa Monica. So let's go have some fun.

Significantly better today because actually like sunny. For us yesterday we had a lot of clouds cover. So actually getting that sunny LA vibes we are looking for.

Oh yeah this is like a really different route. We never took a boat out. Oh we are going down Hollywood Boulevard.

Wow. You guys are rolling hard dude. You guys are rolling hard dude.

You guys are rolling hard dude. You guys are rolling hard dude. What he said?

He said y'all got a cool car dude. There you go. Oh yeah.

I'm going to get one to you. It's weird to be in LA getting reactions from a Lambo. In Miami you don't get a reaction from a Lambo at all.

Because in Miami everyone has a Lambo. But in LA you think it's the same. So I guess the biggest thing for me renting Lambos would I recommend it?

For like an hour it's fun. And then after that it's just like shit. I'm stuck in the traffic in a place I don't know where to drive.

In a car that I just feel like I just started to learn to drive. Um. Very fun.

But I definitely think if I was more like at home in like an area I know. I would have way more fun with it. Um.

Yeah. Cool experience though. Definitely.

Definitely enjoyed it. Want to come to your area? Nice job man.

Oh man. Oh there's going to be so many people. It's Saturday.

It's Saturday. I'm just going to get some people. Oh man.

Oh man. Oh man. Wanna come to your area?

Oh there's gonna be so many people. Saturday on Santa Monica Pier. I love it today.

What's up man? Thank you. Thank you.

No, we're done. Repp it, repp it, repp it. A little fun in Santa Monica.

This is easily my favorite city to be in. For like the beach town vibes. It's such a beautiful city.

so Soille It'sный We just dropped off the Evos. We're currently trying to go get some Italian food right now. We found a bodyguard now.

We got him. I'm feeling no feeling. We're currently walking down the street that runs parallel to Rodeo.

So, that's some Italian food. Let's go check that out. I don't really know what it looks like anymore.

All right, we just got back to the crib. We are about to film a podcast with a very special guest. And I think he actually just pulled up.

So, let's go take a look and see. What's up, buddy? Hey, buddy.

How are you? I'm good, man. How are you?

Going good. How was the drive up? Not too bad.

Not too bad. I felt like I'd bring my camera out, you know? Gotta have some fun with it.

And, uh, for you, by the way, a gift. Oh, yeah? What's that?

Hell yeah, dude. Let's see. Hold up.

Let me get it all the way up. Shrupter School. Fuck Roass.

Yeah. Uh, yeah. Cause you know we don't abide by Roass over here.

Shit, dude. I appreciate it, man. Absolutely, man.

Thank you much. At least I can do it. Drinking some Topo Chico?

You know it. Dude, that's one of my favorites to drink when I go out. Cause I don't really drink when I go out.

Yeah. I mean, I know you're like fully sober and everything, which is really freaking cool. But I still indulge here and there.

But when I don't, Topo Chico is my go-to every time. It's just been really cool to see like, you know, it's interesting. I mean, you're a guy, you're just a guy on YouTube.

I'm just a guy on YouTube. Like we're in our rooms in front of cameras and stuff. And to see like the real world benefiting and using our lingo and how we impact each other is just really fulfilling.

That's the cool thing about YouTube. And you know, I didn't really look at it like this until like a little bit later down the road. But it's like in the beginning, like, you know, I did content just cause I loved it.

Sure. This is like my fifth YouTube channel. I grew up growing up gaming YouTube channel back when I was younger.

A couple thousand subscribers. Like I was already new, like, hey, create content, get clients. And that's how I originally started my YouTube channel.

But then like after about a year, two years in, started getting people like sending me messages like, bro, I scaled to 100K, 500K a month. This is the best. And I'm like, you've just been watching my free content.

Yeah. Yeah. It just blows my mind.

It's just like, what? But it creates that goodwill in there. Oh, dude.

And there's a lot of like, you know, lower tier countries that just unfortunately can't quite like afford some of our higher ticket products. Yeah. And it's like, bro, your YouTube channel has literally like changed my life.

And it's just like, it's so fulfilling. And I know you, you get the same as well. Oh, I do.

Just woke up. We're headed back today. And something I wanted to drop out in here before we kind of officially wrap up the vlog.

Um, it's cool to stay in places like this mansions in the heels, driving Lambos and stuff like that. But there's another reality to it or another facet to it that, uh, that, you know, I kind of leveraged this particular trip, which was expanding my mindset a little bit, stretching myself a little bit more. Um, nothing like financially, I would say like, you know, in that way, but just like experiencing new things that make you think in a new way based off the current things you see on a daily basis.

You know, I've come from a small town where we don't really see Lambos. We don't really see mansions and stuff like that. And these types of things right here kind of make you think bigger, a little bit bigger.

So like if you're at a certain level and right now, maybe you're doing 10 grand a month, maybe you're doing $50,000 a month, you know, obviously, yeah, just get better, make more money. But sometimes these can be tools to help you think bigger and make, make you question yourself like, Hey, what do I need to do to make maybe afford a hundred million dollar mansions? And if you only saw 50,000, a hundred thousand, $300,000 houses in your life, you would have never had that thought.

And it kind of makes you level up in the sense of who do I have to become to afford that type of thing. Um, and just being able to experience these things, Lambos, mansions in a city like Hollywood Hills and LA, Rodeo Drive and stuff like that. It just makes you think completely differently.

Um, so that was like one of the kind of like the little things of this particular trip right here, cause it wasn't really like a super big game plan. Um, but, uh, yeah, definitely a lot of new ideas, just kind of taking a step back, getting into a new reality. Uh, that was really cool with this trip.