I'm finally facing it all, fearless What's going on guys? Welcome back to the vlog. Currently it's 7 o'clock in the morning.

Very early. I haven't woke up this early in a while. But I'm eating a bagel and simple it's a pre-workout and my title of the video is we're getting car ceramic coated today.

So I want to have a car later to go to the gym. So we're going to get a workout in, drop it off and my buddies are bringing me back here. There she is.

Good morning. So I've been having this car now for about 6 months now and I'm finally getting it ceramic coated. So if you don't know what ceramic coating is, essentially it's like a badass wax.

It lasts 5 years. It's a lot thicker than a wax once it hardens up on the paint and stuff. So it helps first off before they apply the ceramic coating, they polish out all the paint and stuff.

So that way it makes it super glossy and stuff. Then the ceramic coating helps shield it. It increases scratch resistance.

It's not scratch proof but increases scratch resistance. You don't have to wax the vehicle anymore. It's a hell of a lot easier to clean.

It makes the vehicle, and everything is repelled off the vehicle once it's done. So this red is going to be popping after and it's just going to be a lot easier to keep up and maintain after. After I'm not going to wax the vehicle anymore, like I said, it'll last for 5 years.

So it's really freaking awesome. Now to get ceramic coating in your vehicle, you usually go to your local detail shop. Just make sure of a few things.

If they tell you it takes 1 day to do, run. It's generally a 2-3 day process to do, even with multiple people. Essentially because you have to like, you know, like for us, we do a 2 layer coating.

So first layer goes down, we let it sit overnight, and we put the second coating on in the morning. So and usually we take a day or two, just a paint correction and a prep process before. So that's all factors that go into it.

Second, make sure you get examples of their paint correction work before you go through with them. Because there's a lot of people that do not know how to finish off black vehicles properly with the proper steps of correction and stuff. You know, you would hate to take off your vehicle to like a detail shop that just rotaries it real quick.

And that's it. So you want to make sure that they have some really good paint correction skills and stuff. And then lastly, you want to do your research on the coating they're applying to your vehicle.

You definitely want to make sure they're applying a reputable coating. We're using G-Technic for mine. There's Car Pro.

Car Pro makes pretty good ones. And then there's Ceramic Pro. There is...

That's about it. That's all the big reputable ones I would go with now these days. Now the shop I'm going to, I'm actually using my own shop.

Cajun Suds Auto Detailing in Lafayette, Louisiana. Essentially, this was me and my business partner. We started this business up four years ago.

Last six months, I've let him pretty much take over the whole thing so I can do my online business. And so I'm getting a little bit of a discount. But that's something I've been wanting to do for a while now.

And finally, I'm going to invest into it. This is actually the first time I've had a workout this early. It's 7.30 in the morning.

I'm just going to go ahead and jump into it real quick. And I'll see you guys after. I'm leaving the gym right now.

I do have to say that was a pretty damn good workout. But now I'm going to pick up a smoothie for Plain Nutrition. And head to the shop and drop off the car.

You know, I get this smoothie called Chocolate Strawberry Cheesecake. And if you ever go plan your nutrition, highly recommend it. It's so freaking good.

Of course, Dakota here. He's a man taking care of it all. You're just right.

You guys can see right there the importance of the paint correction just before. They got all those scratches and stuff in the paint. Makes it look absolutely amazing.

So he's got to the shop. This is a vehicle that they just finished. Instead of more touch-up and stuff to do.

As you can see with the glasses and stuff. But the overall paint correction and the coating is all taken care of. And that's what I'm shooting for.

Crystal clear paint and coating. Let's go out to the bank. By the way, this is Dakota.

He's the business partner and everything with the detailing business. We're taking care of a few things since we're together right now. And for the business, the bank and all that good stuff.

Can you come? Go? Sure.

Show you guys his truck. Brand new Silverado. Wheels.

All the good stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right.

Officially dropping the car off. Let me give you guys one more like before. So here we go.

It's dirty. I know. It's really bad on terms of like the sun right now.

So I can't really see. But here you can kind of see some water spots and stuff. And the paint.

And that black. But all that polish out. Polish everything.

And then we're going to coat, glass, paint, wheels, and interior. So. Yeah, it's dirty.

Obviously a wash would just do a lot. But you can't really see all the paint imperfections in it. So we're going to head out now.

Drop it off. And it should be done Wednesday afternoon, Thursday morning. Picking up some ground beef right now.

Some ground beef and hash browns. About to tear into this. Got a bunch of work done.

Clients updated. First of the month activities in terms of my financials. Books.

Video uploaded and edited. And all I have left is to reflect. Because it's June 1st.

Is do my one month reflection. And take a bath and stuff. So.

Got a little time. Chill. Do some reading.

Reflection. And then later we go out tonight. And eat with Kendi and her family.

Alright guys. Currently. Eating a little bit of yogurt right now.

250 grams of yogurt. Just got back home and stuff from Kennedy's. Like I said.

We need it with her. Her and her family. Ended up getting some grilled chicken.

And like some Mexican rice. Some lettuce and tomatoes. So pretty lean.

And a little bit of carbs. And protein left. So.

Just filling up with some yogurt. And then. Yeah.

Pretty much have been. Today's video. So if you enjoyed it.

Make sure you hit that like button. And if you're new to the channel. I post vlogs.

And business videos. So make sure you hit that subscribe button. I'll see you guys soon.

Peace. You. Peace.

See you. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.