So we helped this client do a little over $400,000 last month revenue. This is one of our e-commerce clients. And I want to kind of go over our easy $10,000 a day Facebook ad scaling guide and kind of everything that you need to know when it comes down to scaling Facebook ads to 10K plus a day.

So first thing, everything starts off with research. That's the first thing. I think a lot of people just under-prioritize this.

And even for me, like when I was first getting started, I would sit down, do one research session, and just sit there and like work off of that data for 30 days or so. For me, when I'm doing research, it's something I'm doing every single day. And some days the research is very intense where like I'm analyzing competitors' ads.

Some days it's me going through like, for example, if I'm writing a VSL for like diabetes, for example, then I'm reading through like a 30-page scientific study on diabetes, for example. Then there's some days where like last night, for example, where I literally just scrolled on Instagram reels with the only objective of anything that catches my attention, I'm saving. That's it.

And I had like 10 different ad ideas from just last night. So research is a very powerful tool that you need to understand from the beginning. It's not sexy.

It's not fun. It's not what you probably clicked on this video for, but it's going to help you get where you want to go. And I think that's where a lot of people like just completely overdo it or underdo it.

And research can be a couple of different things. It can be ad ideas. Research can be, let me go study a few other brands to see what they're doing for like upsells and downsells.

Research can be, let me go look at a few different brands' landing pages and see what they have on their landing page that's really key for like scaling and stuff. And then also research can be something as simple as like, you know, what's the price points of other products? What's the upsells on other products?

It just, it just depends, right? So research can be either for creatives. Research can either be for landing pages.

Research can either be for AOV or LTV. So you need to set the objective and you need to understand what you're looking for at that given moment right there. Next thing comes down to the creative side.

So you do all your research and then you start building your creatives. I have so many videos on this channel that goes over building creatives in terms of how to write scripts, how, you know, video ads at scale, photo ads that scale, my top ads all the time. Like there's so many different videos on my channel that goes over creatives.

I get all of those ideas from research and also understanding market awareness and market sophistication. Go look at my channel, search up market awareness, search up market sophistication. It's the high level things that no one's talking about that come from this book right here.

Or you can read my book ads at scale book.com where I give you a step-by-step structure on how to do this. Or maybe you're already creating really good creatives already. Then click the link below to my mentoring program where I can actually criticize your creatives and give you better feedback.

Or my agency where I do all that for you. So new creatives every single week. There's a big like what I'd say common question around Nick, how many creatives a week is enough?

How many should you do? All of those good things. And it kind of depends.

So I know people that can produce two creatives a week, but they're phenomenal creatives. I also know people that can produce 50 creatives a week and they're all shit. Like trash creatives.

So your goal here is how many high quality creatives can your team build without sacrificing quality? And hitting on all of the key things that I teach, for example, in my ebook or any of my courses with a proper hook. Getting the right content filmed.

Building the right script. Building funnel congruence. Building, you know, the proper persona, avatar, and all those good things.

As long as all that can be done with like precision, then you can build as many creatives a week as you can. But if you can't do any of that for more than two creatives, then you can only do two creatives a week. Just that's the goal there.

So for us, that's the main thing that it comes down to when we want to know is how many creatives a week should be testing. I know people that want a million dollars plus a month with a large team that can produce 40 high quality creatives a week. I know people that spend $50 a day on Facebook ads and they don't have that infrastructure and that financial budget yet to be able to do that.

So they only produce two or three creatives a week. And that's totally okay because it first comes off based off skill set and infrastructure, then the number of creatives you can do per week. Now, let's go look and talk about ad account structure.

So you're building, you're doing all this research, you're getting all these cool ideas. You're filming all this really good content. Now let's go to ad account structure because honestly, our ad account structure is super simple.

We do one campaign per business objective. So if you go and watch my YouTube video, how to test Facebook ads in 2025, I go step by step in all this. I just, I'm not going to put that in this video because it's 26 minutes long.

And what's going to keep this video short and sweet. So for me, we wanted to expand in Europe. So we did a campaign for that.

We wanted to expand into Australia, New Zealand. So we did a campaign for that. And then we want to expand into USA and Canada.

So we did a campaign for that. Now only do one campaign first. So for us, we started off in USA first.

We just so happened that this client was already running Canada when we came on board. So we just kind of kept that Canada in there. Then we expand to Europe.

Then we expand it to Australia, New Zealand. Go here though. It's just start with one, make one profitable, do a hundred K plus a month in one.

Then we're about expanding to the others. And all we do is have that one campaign and we just keep working within it. Now, if we have new objectives for the business, like we want to launch a totally new product, that's completely different than my main selling product.

Then I can start looking at creating a new campaign or something like that. Or if we want to expand to a new country, it just kind of depends there. And like I said, I have a full video on how to test Facebook ads 2025, where I break all of that down in significant more detail.

I just didn't want that to be the main focus of this whole video itself. Now, next thing is landing pages. There's about five key landing pages that you can test.

Advertorials, VSLs, listicles, pre-sales pages, and then your product pages itself. We like to do our research, create the landing page, and then create the ads that focus on that landing page itself. And then that kind of builds the whole funnel for us.

And again, I have videos on the YouTube channel, how to do VSLs, how to do advertorials, how to do listicles, how to do sales pages. The only one I don't have is product pages, but I probably could do one right there. All of those good videos are on the channel for you to look at, so you can understand how to do all of those.

And again, we literally put multiple different landing pages in the same campaign. And you don't need to build new campaigns or anything like that. And we're not doing split testing.

We're just simply building new funnels and then building ads to go with those funnels there. And then launching it using this method right here. Next thing is AOV.

If you can have, like, let's just say you can't break your CPA and you're stuck at a certain CPA, then the next goal is just to improve your AOV. And for the AOV side, same thing. We're looking at upsells.

My favorite story I always say is, you know, like when you go to iPhone or Apple, not Apple, when you go to like the store, the phone store to buy an iPhone, for example, they offer you case, they offer you screen protector, battery charger, all of these things, which increases the amount of money that you spend in that one particular session right there. That improves the AOV right there. So same exact thing here.

If we want to improve that AOV, what are the problems that our product creates for the person? And then how can we go find those products and then start testing them to improve AOV? And it's something that you relentlessly want to keep doing.

It's not like, oh, you tested it one product. I see this shit so many times and it pisses me off. Oh, Nick, I tried one product and it didn't fucking work for my AOV, blah, blah, blah, blah.

I'm like, bro, no way. You literally just did one product. Like what?

Like I literally want to like reach out here and slap you across the face. Like keep testing and working on it. If you're launching 30 new creatives a week, do the same thing for landing pages and do the same thing for AOV.

Keep testing landing pages, even if it doesn't work. Keep testing creatives, even if it doesn't work. And keep testing AOV and doesn't work.

But just change your approach of how you're picking the landing pages, picking the creatives and picking the products you want to use to improve AOV. That's the key things that you get a change in your mind. But yeah, so that's it.

That's all we do. And again, that's how we're able to scale up. As far as the actual like raising the budget and decreasing the budget, like literally 20% increases once a day.

As long as you're hitting your particular CPA goal, our CPA average is about like 30, I think $8, $37 when you like put all these together right here. And that's kind of like our goal for this account. So we just increase or decrease.

All of these are CBO campaigns. So I'm just increasing the budget at the campaign level. And that's it.

It's very simple. I also have videos on my YouTube channel about campaign structure 2025 and when to turn off of Facebook ads in 2025 and how to scale Facebook ads in 2025. That literally answer all of those technical questions for you guys to check out.

So if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want to work with me, you know, if you're doing at least 100K a month and you want me to come in your business and help you scale it in the middle of the day.

If you want to make $1 million a month, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. If you want to hop on one-on-one calls with me for me to mentor you, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.