Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Sario and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I'll be discussing e-com page hacks to basically lower advertising costs. This will be kind of like my website optimization guide, but we're really going to be focusing on the product page itself. So I'm really excited for this video for you guys, bringing this, you know, commented a lot throughout my channel.

Never really made it. So I'm really excited to finally bring this to you guys. So before we get started, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Well guys, let's get started. Okay. So for this video, I'm really just going to kind of show you guys, just kind of did some browsing online.

I found the product page that kind of meets all of our, you know, specifications, I guess you could say. So with that being said, I actually just want to go through a product page. So right here, I have the snow teeth whitening product page.

Now, the reason why I chose this product page is because one, I know the guys, Josh does absolute major job, Josh Snow. He does an absolute amazing job at really including everything you possibly can, you know, scarcity, urgency tactics, and all the psychology and everything. I mean, these people probably do six figures a day in revenue.

So with that being said, I really want to go to a page that's just beautifully well done. And I really want to show that to you guys. So first things first, like I think the number one thing you need to do before we even look at any of this is first understanding the speed score.

So I like to use gtmetrics.com and you can literally come in here, you know, paste your store. And then what you're essentially going to do is get a speed test done for this particular page. So I recommend doing it in two ways.

One, you can do your homepage. If you're driving traffic to your homepage, you can do it on your landing page. So I actually made a mistake.

This particular product has a landing page first people they get drove into, and then they go to their product page where they actually add to cart. So the likelihood this one will probably be slower and their landing page is probably a little bit quicker. So whatever you're driving traffic to from your Facebook ad, this is the link you need to test.

So if you're driving to your collection page, do that. If you're driving to your product page, do that. If you're driving to your website homepage, you need to be doing that.

And basically what you're going to do is scan everything. So it generates you a nice little report. You can see right here, 53% report.

The largest confl paint is 1.5 seconds. So that's basically like the largest paint of the website. If like here, you can see all of this stuff, but like images, you can start to see about 2.7 seconds.

So 1.3 seconds. Here's what you're going to see. Here's about 2.7 seconds on load time, 4.3, but fully loaded time.

Sometimes these extra like Java codes and scripts and stuff in the background can take longer. So that's why I'm not completely worried about this particular score. I'm more low worried about the speed visualization and what people see because you know, people within only two to three seconds of loading, if your site doesn't load, your likelihood of people wanting to stay on is very, very, very low.

And you're going to see a big drop off in traffic. You can also see some cool stuff of like, Hey, what's taking up space, et cetera. If you really want to drop your speed, maybe you're have like a white page for a really long time or something like that, send that over to your developer and they can clear that up.

But usually speed is like one of the biggest things that's overlooked and probably one of the quickest fixes to a traffic issue within a business. We had a client one time where they had like a five second, 10 second load time. We saw a big drop off of traffic.

50% of people clicking on the Facebook ad. We're not even letting the website load. So then what we did is we fixed all that and we got up to about 70 to 80%.

80% is the goal KPI. You want 80% of people that click on the Facebook ads, be able to load. And the way you can measure that is look at your outbound clicks in your Facebook metrics and also compare it to your landing page views.

Now due to iOS 14.5, that's drastically skewed. So we kind of really can't rely on that method as, as if, as we used to be able to. Okay.

So diving into this page now, we looked at that. Let's check a little, take a look at their Facebook pixel. Cool.

So that's odd, but usually you want to take a look at your Facebook pixel. You can literally download the tool with Chrome, Facebook pixel helper tool. But some reason it's not detecting it.

So that's odd. But anyway, looking at this page right here, the first thing we see right here is a big, bold headline that really drives home what this product is the effortless way to a brighter smile. Nothing says the future like wireless water resistant teeth whitening.

So this right here appeals to a huge problem pain point. And that is, it's very hard to, you know, basically get a wider smile. So this is the effortless way to do it.

And then nothing says the future, like wireless water resistant teeth whitening. So obviously, cause it's electric and it's kind of like teeth whitening and all this stuff. So it's like, Hey, maybe one water resistant and then also wireless.

So that's pretty cool. Now we go further down into this page right here. We're going to notice a second thing.

Look how good the color scheme looks. This is probably one of the most underrated things. Keep a plain white background, like this whole background area, white use three colors.

So we have are this orangish reddish. This is a secondary color. And we also have this darker blue and stuff.

This is kind of like a secondary color as well, or maybe more of a primary color. Cause it's in like the text and in the, you know, some of the branding, et cetera. So that's it.

I come to these stores sometimes and it's just colors all over the place. It looks like a kindergartner's took a crayon and went all over and like tried fixing it and took another one to like color it and shade. And like, it just looks horrid.

Keep it very, very, very simple when you're making the color scheme for your website. Now we're going to get to the description. Look how we're showcasing a bunch of different benefits right here in the description, et cetera.

But we're also to keeping it simplistic. We want to keep it simplistic and we want to make every word count. We want to make sure that we're driving home the product and stuff in the description, but we don't want to send them a big, long paragraph.

We want to break it up. We want to add some bullet points. We want to maybe break up some of the other benefits across the page.

That way it kind of, it's visually appealing. It's easier on the eye. So everything you need to start whitening hassle-free.

So make it super simple, just kind of how it works or routine for the future. We love confidence and having healthy glowing smiles one way for a ticket, one way ticket there. So like, it's also still kind of selling you on why you need this product, but in very, very minimalistic way.

It's not really harsh. Like, Hey, you need to buy this now. It's just saying, Hey, we love confidence and having healthy glowing smile is your one way ticket there.

Everything you need to start whitening hassle-free. The LED mouthpiece enhances your serum for lasting results, et cetera, et cetera. Just how it works and why you need it.

Essentially. Now this kit includes, it shows what's included. A lot of people don't do that.

Um, and it also looks like you can go check out some before and afters. That's pretty cool. So that's pretty cool.

That's neat. And you can choose your color, you know, how much you want it price 299. And also look at this.

There's no really weird, like scarcity timers, urgency timers, and anything like that. So love that. It looks very realistic.

And the trust is very high with this page. And that's also something else too. How does the trust look page?

And you can see right here between just this stuff, reviews, blog fact actually looks like a real website, et cetera. Love the after pay free shipping over $99. So that's a really good offer right there.

So people love their shipping. So obviously you pretty much get it guaranteed, uh, just because it's product's 300 bucks, um, shipping 24 seven from Arizona. So it's kind of stating where the product's being shipped from.

So like people that run some of these stores, they never showcase where it's being shipped from. That's a really great way to just kind of further expand and build the trust and credibility of your brand. Now here's where it goes into a few more benefits.

LED mouthpiece accelerates whitening serum for better, longer lasting results, dual light therapy, blue light LED for tea fighting, red LED light for supporting healthy gums, water resistant, save time and use it while showering. So like they're making it as easy as possible to use this particular product. And then here's an upsell.

A lot of people think you have that fancy plugin and stuff. This is a really great upsell because it's like, Hey, you're about to buy this, but here's also some other really cool stuff that we love. This is a great way to add some extra money in that cart is how you increase that AOV.

Now going further into it and further backing up that claim of easy and effortless teeth whitening. How does that look? So you clean, apply serum, whitening and then you rinse.

And it literally does the four steps essentially to whiter teeth. So we're further educating people and we didn't even get to the product photos yet. And that's another thing we're about to go through, but just kind of getting that first impression of the whole product page.

So if your product needs to be demonstrated, you know, if you're clothing, you probably don't worry about this, but let's say you sell some type of like, you know, like say if I'm selling these headphones right here, I want to illustrate some of the very specific key points about this product, what it means to the consumer, et cetera, and really dig deep into that right there. Now this is social proof. Social proof is a very big kind of kind of cognitive bias and stuff are not cognitive bias, but more of like a psychological trigger we like to use.

And that's to show other people enjoying and loving products. If you can establish this, what's going to happen is your results are going to go through the roof because people are saying like, wait, if there's no results on this page, like no reviews and stuff, it's just like, huh, 300 bucks, you know, whatever. But because it has all these good reviews and stuff, it's like, okay, wow, this product is actually working super well.

So digging in, obviously just a bunch of red reviews, et cetera. I mean, easy as that. And then as we scroll down the page, it gets pretty simple.

It's, you know, that's it. So this is a very cool page because one less is more. It's giving you exactly what you need to make this purchase confidently, showing the product, explaining a little bit about the product, good little gist of it, hitting on pain points, how we're solving those pain points and stuff.

But then it's also too, it's going ahead, showing off the demonstrational of it and showing off the social proof of it. Now, what are the main key takeaways here? Well, first off, like I said, make sure you are using two to three colors max on your website.

So for them, they're using a white background, some black text. These are just kind of your standard stuff, but then they have this blue that's very like specific to them. And then they have this orange slash red.

That's very specific to them as well. Next thing, a lot of people on Shopify might have like add to cart and blow it. Check out with Google, check out with Apple, just proceed to check out now, remove all of that and add, just add to cart.

We've personally seen a big increase in conversions on our stores by removing all of that and just have the add to cart button. Now the next thing, make sure the add to cart button is very contrast. So some people use this, like probably some people in this specific position might've probably used maybe this blue add to cart button right here that wouldn't have stuck out.

They've also might've used like a border red and left the inside empty. Like look, solid, big, bold, easy to spot. Now I can scroll up and down on this page.

It sticks out like a sore thumb. Make sure your add to cart button sticks out on the product page to maximize the efficiency of people clicking on it. Now, next thing, less is more.

I'm reviewing product stores a lot and they have these paragraphs or they have little to nothing for description. You want to paint the experience of what it's going to be like using this product. Add a few descriptive bullets around it, really showcase some of the benefits and pain points that you're addressing with this product and stuff.

Kind of sell them again on this product. And that's exactly what people are doing right here. Effortless way to a brighter smile.

A lot of people right now struggle with tea fighting. It's this big, bold task that's really hard, difficult to accomplish. They're making the effortless way to a brighter smile.

Nothing says the future like wireless water resistant tea fighting. So this is just kind of like an evolution in the tea fighting space. And then again, it's kind of going over the product, why we love it, how it works, what's included free shipping over $99 shipping from Arizona, more few like how it works upsell easy and effortless tea fighting for steps of quicker wash or force the quick steps to wider teeth.

So like it's going into like more showing off the product, demonstrating the product and everything. And that's where we come up to our last thing, is the product photos. So we recommend a few different studio shots for our products and a few different lifestyle photos.

And that's kind of what they did here. I mean, the only thing I would say is maybe add a model or two here. And I want to, I would love to see what's the conversion rate with a model versus no model using the product, enjoying it and stuff like that.

Because again, that's the experience people are going to paint in their minds. So for us, we would recommend for product photography, we always recommend three to four studio shots and two to three lifestyle shots. And we want it from different angles and we want to make sure it's high quality enough where you can zoom in and out on it and look at specific parts of it.

Now, the last thing with this whole entire page is the trust and the credibility here. So this is something a lot of you guys are watching this making less than 25 km off or doing. One, first off, you don't have to go with the number.

If you do a number, that's amazing, but you don't have to do a number. But two right here, contact, about, fax, blog, reviews, shop. It's easy to navigate.

Make it easy for people to navigate your website. That's super simple. And then when you scroll down right here, look at this, home, reviews, order now, about us, fact, contact us, cart, careers, become a reseller, store location program, you know, affiliates, privacy policy, terms, conditioning, return policy, shipping.

Make sure you have all at least your contact us page, your about page, your return policy, your privacy policy, your shipping. I recommend a track my order shipping page as well. It's where people can track their order.

And what that's going to do is having all these pages built on your website is going to build the trust and this, you know, the credibility with your brand, unlike nothing else. So make sure those are put together as well to further add to the trust with everything. Now, this is going to be kind of a bonus right here.

And that is look at your support inbox. Look at the questions that are in comments, common questions and everything that you're answering and take those and flip them and put them on the product page. If a lot of people are asking, is it waterproof?

Why do you think water resistant tea whitening was put right here? If you've already got a lot of questions of people asking how it works? Well, why do you think it was put right here?

So you have to understand that if people are asking questions about your product in a specific way, you need to address that on the product page. And that's going to help explode your conversions because now they have all the questions they need answered for them and they can make a purchase safely in their mind. Now, the last bonus for this specific video is one that's going to, you know, really challenge you guys.

And that is provide a guarantee. This is an exceptionally good way to really boost performance of a product is providing a guarantee on your product. What's going to happen essentially is providing a guarantee allows you to like, Hey, 30 back money, get guarantee.

If you, you know, don't get whiter teeth, if you're small. And now obviously for this particular product might be a little more difficult because it's such a subjective thing. Some people see if I'm being in a way worse position, it's really, really difficult, but for clothing, try on, it doesn't work.

Hassle-free return policy for supplements, maybe a 30 day money back guarantee. Try it for 30 days. If you feel like nothing's working, send it back, we'll give you your money back.

Same thing for whitening. You can do that too as well. Money back guarantee.

And what a guarantee does is it further removes the risk off the consumer. And guys, only probably 1% of customers, maybe even less than 1%, 0.01% of customers would actually try to get that guarantee back. So it's a very limiting mindset.

If you have this mindset that, Hey, why would offer a guarantee? Everyone would just go ahead and rip me off. Well, that's not the case.

Most people don't even want to take the action to go through it. You know, having to email you and try to get that guarantee. Like no one really cares, like really wants to go through with that.

But in the buyer's mind at the right time right there, it's helping out and offering some level of trust and some level of, Hey, you know, okay, cool. If I don't like it, I can return it back. It's removing the risk off the buyer.

You remove as much risk off the buyer, answer all their questions. So I'm sure social proof, understand the product, how it works and stuff, make the website easy to navigate, have all the proper pages put together, make it super easy to add to cart purchase. You're going to have an amazingly good converting webpage for your product.

So guys, I just want to thank you so much for watching this video. I haven't really did much on crow, which is conversion rate optimization, which is essentially this, um, I definitely love talking about it. And I really hope you took some value from this to apply to your store.

So with that being said, if you're making more than 25 K a month, what's your e-com business. And we'd love to hop on a call. Uh, we do ad account audits and stuff, and we can kind of diagnose your business and figure out what's the best route to go for it to scale.

We've helped multiple businesses scale now to six and seven figures. And we'd love to hop on a call with you, figure out what's going on with your business. And we'll put together a plan for you.

You can either take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with this. Now, if you're making less than 25 K a month, don't worry. I have something for you.

We are launching and building out an e-com master course. I would say it's literally everything we've used and done inside our agency, all of our SOPs and processes and stuff, how we build ads and how we run ad accounts and stuff like that. And we're putting that to a course to help you guys who are doing less than 25 K a month, really blow it out the park with your business.

And we're putting that into a course and it's going to be called elegant e-com. Make sure you sign up for the VIP list. VIP list will get early access to the course.

The course is $500 USD for the first 50 people and people after 50 people will have to pay a thousand dollars for the course. So make sure you're on that list to get first access to it, have the opportunity to purchase it for $500 before it comes to YouTube, or honestly, it's going to be sold out in minutes. So guys, thank you all so much for watching this video.

Make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio, and I really appreciate you watching this video and I'll talk to you soon. Peace.