One of our e-com clients just did $700,000 within a 30-day period. And I want to actually go ahead and break this down and show y'all some of the key things that we've done to help scale this store up. So first off, here's the numbers.

We did $753,000. This was for the month of December specifically. And we did roughly around 116K profit.

Not the greatest margins. Can be completely honest. That's one thing that we struggle with this particular client just due to their margins on their product is not the greatest.

Ideally, we want 70% gross margin after product price, shipping and handling and cost of goods. We want at least a 70% gross margin. And this product, I think is like 50 or 60.

So it's not the greatest. But yeah. So every week we spend time just basically doing research and coming up with ad ideas.

I have lots and lots and lots of videos on the channel that shows up how I come up with ad ideas from research, but I'm basically looking at like market awareness, market sophistication. And I'm looking at building out different types of creatives based off of those things from research. My research kind of consists of just looking at general content in that particular niche.

This particular product is in the gun niche. So I literally just doom scroll gun related content and pull up the ideas I like and then recreate them specifically for this particular client. Or I'll go and I'll look at other brands selling gun products and what are they doing to create ads that convert.

Or I'll go and I'll look at very similar products as this product, but I haven't seen too many people selling the same product, do that research and then use my strategies at hand with awareness, sophistication, desire to build creatives based off of those things from understanding the market. So research as a whole is the most important part because this is where I get all of those ad ideas, all of the ideas to increase my OV, all the ideas to improve my landing page and all of the ideas to improve LTV. So research is something that I recommend doing daily to keep pushing out new content and new, I would say evolution every week.

Obviously, like I said, this is going to drive all the creatives we create. We like to leverage incense.pro to, you know, like actually take these ideas and then script them out and then send them to like incense.pro. We'll also like to like keep like a big, what I would say, just like bucket of raw content for this client on our Google Drive folder.

So that way what we can do is we can pretty much just have like a whole bunch of B-roll type of content that we can leverage cut up and stuff like that. And just use like an AI voiceover. If we want to quickly test the mangles or like I said, we'll film fresh new content with creators.

And to be fair, I'm more of a fan of paying for new, fresh content every week. It's more expensive, but we just see such a higher ROI. It's like pretty much once we use a piece of content, it just, it's gone.

Like it doesn't work nearly the same level again. So powering new people every week is more expensive, but I just see that we scale a lot faster by biting the bullet, spending more creative, but it gives us a lot better of an ROI down the line. And like I said, what I like to do now, I was uploading like two or three creatives a week.

Now I like to just sit down, plan out anywhere between 10 and 12, 10 and 20 creatives, 10 and 20 like creative concepts, which will create me anywhere between literally like 30 to 60 creatives. And then I'll plan all those out in one day. I'll basically, once I get all that content back, that'll be almost like a month's worth of content.

And then from there, I'll just repeat that process again. So that way the rest of the month, I could focus on other things like AOV landing pages and LTV from there. Ad account structure.

I have so many videos on this channel, but specifically in 2025, I have a campaign structure to use in 2025, how to test Facebook ads in 2025, how to scale Facebook ads in 2025. I have a lot of videos already on this. So I'm not going to go deep on that, but long story short, we used one campaign inside that campaign.

We create new ad sets to, to test new creatives, whatever gets spin and profitable for the business. We leave on whatever's negative for the business, not working. We cut off.

I have a video that's 26 minutes long. That goes very, very detailed into this called how to test Facebook ads in 2025. Now, next thing is landing pages.

This has been something that we've been very bullish on this year is the landing page side where we're starting to focus more on, um, you know, listicles, avatorials, VSLs, pre-sell landing pages. And I find that it works really well, because now we're putting less focus on the ad to be educational and more just calling out a desire, a benefit in the ad, showcasing that desire and benefit. And then from there, sending people to attract a page where now they're walled off from Facebook and just on that one page where then we can send them through like a funnel from my example right there.

And this has been something big for us. I know for one of our clients, we improve conversion rate from 3% to like 6% just by finding a new landing page that helped us scale. So, uh, landing pages definitely have been very bullish on that side right there.

And it's definitely something we're putting more effort into this year, because one of the problems that we struggle with as an agency is that some clients will have really terrible pages, product pages. And it's like, how do we build better landing pages to overcompensate to where when we send traffic to our product page, it's so hot and ready to buy. Even if it's a shitty product page, they're ready to go versus just sending this really cold traffic from Facebook straight to a shitty product page.

And then boom, you can have the best ads in the world, but everything else sucks. So that was a big thing for us that we're kind of moving into now. That's also helping us out with further scalability and all that good stuff right there.

And the last thing is AOV. That's something that we're pushing really hard with on this client right now, because the margins are already not the greatest, but improving that margin or approving that AOV gives us more profit per order, which gives us a little bit better of a margin. So that way we, you know, let's just say, for example, you're doing a $30 CPA and then all of a sudden, you know, you have a $60 AOV, you're doing a 2X ROAS, but let's say you have a $30 CPA and then bump that AOV up from 60 to $90 because you have some other upsells that people are interested in.

Guess what? Now you have a three extra turn on ad spend and there's more money you can spend on Facebook ads now to scale faster. So it's just what we look at it now.

It's that we used to look at it purely just from a creative standpoint, but now we're realizing like creative, your landing page and your AOV, those are the three biggest levers you can focus on to scale fast to that million dollars a month mark. And that's what we're really focusing on with this client. Cause you know, this client was only doing a hundred, 200 K a month when we first came on board.

Now we're going to 700 K a month and we really want to, you know, we're so close to that million dollars a month right now. So, uh, we're really focusing on that. We have another client around the same mark.

So we're gonna have like two more clients we can add to our roster now that we helped to have a million dollars a month. So, uh, you know, we're really focusing on that aspect right there. Hard right now.

Um, but yeah, thank you all so much for watching this pretty straightforward, you know, case study, not centric there. And then, uh, you know, you enjoyed this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And, uh, you're actually interested in me coming in and running your Facebook ads for you and doing all these cool things like that in this case study, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads.

If you want to hop in on just one-on-one calls with me and we go over all these things for your business, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. And yeah, all that's below. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.