One of our clients just did $200,000 in one month and actually just less than 30 days with broad Facebook ads. That means we're not leveraging an audience at all. We're just using broad, which is age, gender, and location.

And I want to show you guys exactly how we did that in today's video. Before we get started, if you have no clue who I am, my name is Nick Terrio. I run a Facebook ads agency, and I also coach and mentor students.

Links to both of those can be found below. I personally helped clients do over $80 million in revenue for their brands. And yeah, I teach you to be a badass with Facebook ads.

So hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So Econ Brand makes $200,000 using broad Facebook ads. And in fact, actually, it's actually gonna be a little bit more than $200,000 because this is for August 1st through August 25th, 2023.

So we still have about six more days of actually scaling this account, helping to about $215,000, about $43,000 net profit. That's a hundred percent increase over last month. So yeah, absolutely crushing on this account.

I'll show you guys a couple other just proof. This is the ad account itself. We spent $72,000 in one campaign.

Look at that budget on that CBO, almost $5,000 a day. So show you guys that. And then also too, just to make sure all of this lines up with triple L as well.

You can see Facebook, Google ads, Tik TOK. These are all the platforms that, you know, was spent on for this particular account. So what is broad broad again is age, gender, location.

Our particular audience we're using is broad. We're leveraging Australia, Canada, the United States. We are doing all targeting for all countries in one campaign.

Usually we do it for one campaign per country, but this account was already doing really good when we took it over and, you know, came on board as our agency with all three countries together. And these are all English speaking countries and we have the same logistics and for shipping and stuff like that. So it actually just made it easier for just to leave us, leave it together.

Most scenarios, we do recommend one campaign per country, just being full transparent on that age, 1865. I get a lot of questions about this as well for broad targeting. Nick, if I know for a fact, my customers are 65 plus, do I need to target 18 plus to do broad?

No, you do not. You could target 65 plus. Again, it's age, gender, location.

So if you have a specific gender, you know, bias from you, if you have a specific age, you know, bias from you and in a specific location, go for it. So most accounts we start off at 1865 and then we go deeper into it. This account, we're getting good cost per purchase across all between 18 to 65 plus.

So we're just leaving it. We are dominant female, females getting majority of the purchases, but Facebook's already spending 90% of the budget on female. So there's no reason to exclude the male.

So yeah, just want to show you guys that we're running no detail targeting, no custom audiences. We're not even excluding anything. We're not excluding 30 day engagement, website visitors, even existing customers.

We're just letting it run. Now I just want to show you the ad set level. Right now we have a couple of different ad sets.

These are all dynamic creative. So 123, 131, 146, 127. And then our main winning ad set is broad 720.

We have some new ad sets that just took off and are absolutely crushing. You'd see 127, 146, 131, 123. They're all spending majority of the ad spend and positively impacting the business.

Now, if you want to learn more on how we structure all this, just go watch this video, Facebook ads testing in 2023. This will go over exactly how we do it, but we do all the testing and scaling in the same campaign. All right.

How do we scale the same campaign? We just scale the budget. How do we scale an ad?

Well, we don't. We just let Facebook spend on whatever the fuck it wants because Facebook is better at its job than us. So that's why we don't worry about that.

Now, why broad? Probably thinking, Nick, why broad? Why does it work so well?

First off, when you launch an ad, it goes through, there's an AI tool that basically scans the ad and has like a thousand different data points on that particular ad itself. And it pulls all this data back and it basically gives like a bunch of keywords. Now, again, don't be the person that comments, well, Nick, do I need to put more keywords to my Facebook ads?

No, don't be that person. You want to articulate and talk to the pain points, the problems and the desires of your customer. That's all you need to know.

So for this one right here, for example, it'll scan this whole ad and it'll pull out a couple of key ideas like weight loss, blue, pink, cereal, super collagen protein, wrinkles, hair growth. So someone's in the market for hair growth or collagen protein. It's going to position this ad in front of them.

Now, this is a tool right here. You can use image recognize that basically just shows you as a small example, like Facebook algorithm is a hundred times more powerful than this, but just a short, small example that is that when you upload, I uploaded this image right here to this particular tool and it showed case a few key things here. So when you launch an ad, it pulls these keywords out based off the ad itself and based off, you know, the key things you're talking to.

And then it puts these people into audience groups. So like people into weight loss products, people likely use protein, people likely use collagen, people who likely struggle with wrinkles. And then what happens is it starts putting these, um, this ad in front of those people.

And then basically what it does is, is every, every impression, every person it reaches, it kind of does like a quick little, like that they love it. That they hate it. If they hated it, they move, they, um, they don't put it in front of this people and then they move over and they put it more into the people that love the ad.

And then they keep, keep doing this over and over and over. They do this hundreds of thousands of millions of times for an ad, just consistently optimizing based off who liked the ad, who did not like the ad. If you didn't like the ad and I'm not talking about personal dislike button, if I get an ad and I just scroll past it, that's bad.

If I get an ad and stop at it, that shows this like, Hey, this person loved this. And then from there, um, it's also some other proof right quick. Facebook builds the audience around the ad.

So this is a account right here where, um, both of these ads are in the same broad targeting ad sets, but one has a male in it and one has a female in it. And the one that has a male in it spent $9,400 on male and $617 on female. Now for this one right here, the female, it's been $7,600 on female and $3,900 a male.

Now it did spend someone male more than like the female to male ratio on this one. Why? Well, because it's a female golfer and I mean, put golf and she's also attractive and what male golfer would stop on her.

But we reached significantly more female golfers in this particular ad than this one right here. Just simply by simply adding a female golfer into it, both from the same ad set, both from broad targeting. So just keeping that in mind right there.

Now, another example is your feed, your TikTok feed. You consistently see football videos or gym videos. And then all of a sudden you watch one Facebook ads video on your feed.

Now all of a sudden you're getting a ton of Facebook ad videos. So this is a big thing right here. Organic content, like when you upload a piece of organic content, it's a Facebook and it goes viral or Twitter and it goes viral.

It's there's no targeting options. It just goes viral and Facebook and Twitter and Instagram know exactly who to put that ad in front of. Now, last thing of why broad works so well is because it has higher scaling potential.

So for example, let's say you're a target audience is the blue, the blue circle. That's your, that's your, that represents your buyers in the market, people that are actually buy from you. Now you see what broad right here, we don't limit our reach to reaching these people.

We can reach the full blue circle, but in the interest and lookalikes, we can only reach people in this gray box. So we can only reach this blue circle right here, the portion of this blue circle. And then same thing, another example right here, where this particular audience very restricts my people who can reach that blue circle.

So this becomes a super big issue. Now, which one would you want to spend more on? The one that you can spend your budget to hit all of your target audience, or do you want to spend on one that's where you have, you'll basically have to start spending where buyers are not to keep pace with spend.

So more we spend in here, we're going to have a point where we can't reach any more of the blue people and, and Facebook has to start spending in the gray here. Yeah. Eventually we get to a point where we'll start spending in the gray, but at least we can spend in our full market first before we spend in the gray.

And it is exactly how I can double five X, 10 X spend with the sharp periods of time for accounts is by going broad. And it is why we use it for all accounts. We use this accounts for spending $50 a day.

We spend this on accounts that have literally have $0 in spend for the accounts, all the way up to accounts spending $15,000 a day. So accounts even spending a hundred thousand dollars a day. I did spend a hundred thousand dollars in a day for one ad accounts for BFCM and we did broad the whole thing.

We didn't do a single thing of retargeting or anything like that. So hope this video is helpful for you guys. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.