Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I don't really have an exciting video for you guys, but I actually have a much needed video for you guys.

This would be more kind of a raw organic, just kind of like life, not life update, but like what the hell's going on with Elegant Ecom, 14.5 and just performance issues across the board. So I really wanted to talk about this and kind of make a just quick update video on everything with 14.5, Elegant Ecom and performance issues. How we're battling them and what we're doing for them.

So this will be kind of like a jam pack, not really a jam pack video, but it's going to be kind of like a, we're just going to sit back for a second and listen. 2021 was a very rough year for Ecom business owners between supply chain issues and then advertising costs at an all-time high and less effective Ecom business owners. We're filling it from all sides between and between all that.

And it's a very rough year for Ecom business owners. Like if you're an Ecom business owner, like I feel your pain. I, you know, we work with over a dozen clients and trust me, like we understand, we talk to them daily and we understand, um, everything that's going on between supply chain issues.

And then obviously, yeah, advertising costs being more, costing more as well. And with all that right there, it becomes a very hard year to scale revenues and maybe hit some of those goals you'd set at the beginning of the year. So, and then obviously with shipping costs, like we talked to a business owner that literally takes them $10,000 to ship his packages or ships, you know, receive a shipment and it was going to have to charge them $30,000 to receive a shipment.

So like shipment issues or insane delays, you know, postponing products, you know, products taking longer to launch. You're going to launch it in November. Now you may not be able to launch it to end of December.

Lots of issues. Ecom business owner, very difficult in 2021. Now with that right there, we're seeing Facebook's revenue is up by 35% year over year, which equate, and there's not many new advertisers and many new users to equate for that, but there are seeing higher CPMs, AKA people are willing to spend more and more and more advertising revenue goes up.

We pay higher, higher CPMs. We pay higher CPMs, you know, instead of paying $20 per thousand impressions, we're paying 30,000, uh, 30,000 impressions. And now we're seeing, you know, uh, you know, three extra S looking more like a 2.5, two extra S.

So you, you have to understand it from those perspectives right there, more expensive for advertising and then also less effective advertising. Look, 14.5 is still not figured out. Uh, targeting is horrendous right now.

Okay. Regardless of what software you're using, wicked reports, Google analytics, UTMs, high rows, triple well, like all of that, the, the ability for the platform to optimize is still very poor, way worse than it used to be before 14.5. And due to that, it's taking longer to optimize.

You know, we're, we're, we're spending like before we can spend two times our target CPA and get a clear answer, whether it's ads good or bad. And then now we're going to spend anywhere from four X, our target CPA before we figure out if it adds good or bad, we're running things for a whole week now before we're cutting it off. So like it's, taking more time to efficiently, you know, optimize things in 14, five, 14.5 is still not completely figured out from the platform perspective.

But then to, you know, even the gurus quote unquote, you know, um, I don't really like to put myself as a guru, even though I'm kind of make these videos and share you guys Facebook ad tips, but I don't really have anything to sell you. So, and again, I'm gonna get to that in a second about elegant e-com. It's just, it's a tough time essentially.

And will it get better? Yes. Like regardless, it's going to get better.

And I don't want people to watch this video just be like, Oh Nick, you know, Hey, you're supposed to be leading the way. And you're like, it's horrendous. Like run.

No, it will get better. And it is getting better. We're seeing profits go up each month compared to July, July, all brands, we work with over a dozen brands and all brands saw negatives.

July, July was horrible. And every month we're seeing increases and increases increases across the board. So we are seeing better results, but it is taking time.

The algorithm is getting better. Again, just at the time and same thing, the supply chain issues, time, time will reveal and we will start to see better performance, all of our packages and all of our shipments, you know, shipping costs going down and seeing things, um, become better. So right now it's weathering the storm and going through that storm.

And due to that is why I am not releasing for, uh, elegant e-com. And I choose to do this because one, every bit of content that's in it, that I planned out for it and start to work on is going to be completely free of access on this channel. So don't worry.

You're not missing out. You're not going to, to lose anything. You're literally getting it all free on this channel.

Okay. It's going to come. It's, it's coming.

You're just, you're going to get it slowly dripped out on this channel. So don't worry about that too. Right now as advertisers and brand owners, we need to come together, share everything we know about 14.5.

What's working for one account. What's working for another account as we work together to find that core solution of what works and me hiding things back and putting mine on a paywall. It just, it's something that's not sitting right with me right now as whatever works now month after that can be a better solution.

So that's another reason why I don't really want to put this course out because there will be better solutions as time goes on up until we finally find a consistent solution over and over for us. What's working well and is actually pretty timeless piece of advice. Is it consolidated at account structure?

Very simplified. You know, we're doing everything in one campaign, two campaigns, one for retargeting one for cold acquisition. Yeah.

Just keeping it very straightforward. Another account, maybe something slightly different, but Hey, this is working really well for us. And again, I, you have a video on this called $108,000 in 30 days on my channel already, but long story short as a econ business owner, it's been a tough year.

And I understand that pain you're in and me having to charge you more just to help you out with free information that you can find on YouTube already. It just doesn't sit right for me. And I want to keep the content on this channel at all time high.

Like my goal is to offer stuff that on this channel, that typical gurus hide behind a paywall and a course and Oh, what Nick, what's the catch? You know, like what, why, why would you want to do that? Um, because one, the way this channel set up, you have everything in front of you to succeed.

You just need to do the work. You do the work. You're going to start growing your brand.

You grow your brand. You're going to get to a point where you're too busy to continue to do those actions. And you'll need to work with a team, a powerful team to take care of that workload for you, help you out with better creative, more consistent copy, um, you know, more compelling company, it converts creating some cool stuff and like, you know, access those higher, big resources.

And that's what we can offer you. But again, we don't even work with brands, you know, doing less than 25 K a month. Like we have, you have to be at a certain level for us to even, you know, count you in and accept you as part of the agency.

So like our goal is to help you out so much with this channel that you eventually get to the point where you'll need to work with us just to delegate, delegate some of those tasks. So like, that's the catch, but no course, like I just want to push it off right now and keep offering you guys really high value and keep able to bring that to you as we are struggling in, you know, in a period of time right now where things are hard, but again, things will get better. And I want to be able to help you guys and, you know, keep guys up to date, everything that's going on, whatever's working for us, being transparent with it, giving that to you guys to where you can succeed and help your brand grow during these challenging times.

I already know you're, you're losing money. Some brands are losing money. Some brands are, you know, really hurting with this 14.5 thing, um, shipment issues as well, like all that good stuff.

So like, you know, again, just offering that free value to you guys and helping you out in any way possible. I can and sharing what's working and staying up to date with all that. And I know that's going to be, you know, a way to work and provide some major impact in your business and help you out and help you grow during these difficult times.

And you kind of be that light that can help you, you know, steer the ship essentially. So, so that's why I am not offering for, you know, elegant e-com, you know, we're, we're really focusing on just building out the agency and stuff really wanted to get into elegant e-com and start growing it and everything. But again, just, it's going to get outdated every month and between it being outdated every month, just again, I want to be able to help you as much as possible during this challenging time with 14.5.

So yeah, so that's kind of the issue that's going on right now. What's working for us really well right now inside of our accounts is focusing on the things we can control. So we're keeping a very consolidated ad account structure and we're testing a lot of different creative types, which is essentially helping out with performance, more creative types, more creative iterations, ideations, and all that good stuff based off what's working is helping out performance due to it's the only thing we can control.

So if you can't control the algorithm, if you can't control, you know, um, making people purchase, you can control the things that do create, um, you know, that does perform and that's creative copy, even testing new audience here and there also has been working well too far as, um, but again, we're doing a lot less audience testing. Ad account structure, very simple. We're focusing a lot of time on strategy, creative, and copy.

Assuming you already have a really great product and great landing page and great customer experience and great, uh, retention program set in place. So that's where we're focused at right now. That's what's working and expect a lot more kick-ass content on the channel.

So a lot of amazing stuff coming this way. I just really need to make this video as I've been getting a lot of comments on it and just expect more transparency, expect more higher value stuff. Um, and again, Hey, you get to a point where you've used all my videos, got really successful with the business and brand and everything.

Um, and you need to delegate to an amazing team, uh, performance marketers, visual creators, copywriters, media buyers, and stuff like that to help take on some that load. Then click link below to apply to work for agency. Uh, we'll dive into your business and everything, and you can figure out how we can work together, essentially like that partner with you.

So, uh, we managed, you know, over a dozen different brands and we also to manage over, um, probably around over 500 K a month in ad spend between all the brands we're working with together. So thank you guys so much for watching this video. I know it's not really crazy video you're typically seeing, but it's definitely a much needed video and hope y'all liked it.

I guess. I don't know. I think it's just more of accepting the current situation.

It will get better. And here's how I'm going to do my part to help you guys out as well. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.