Yo, what's happening guys? I know this is not the typical structure of which I film my YouTube videos and stuff in, but I'm literally sipping on pre-workout right now, literally about to go to the gym. And I just saw a flood of comments on social media talking about Facebook ad costs rising to the point where like literally people like shutting down their accounts and like packing up and not coming back to like next summer to start running Facebook ads.

And this just sounded crazy to me to the point where I was like, no, like we're still crushing it right now with ads. Yes, we do have some accounts that are struggling and yes, we have some accounts that are crushing it, but I want to show you exactly what we're doing to beat these high ad costs right now with Facebook and exactly why we're experiencing high ad costs right now. So first off, let's just go address the obvious ad costs are rising.

Yes, we have, I've seen tons of people online talking about it. Just, you know, literally seeing like two to three X their normal acquisition costs currently right now on Facebook. And the biggest thing I want to talk about is that this year is different.

This is not a, what I would say, typical Facebook ads year. There's a lot of things going on that is creating more competition and also to more, what I would say, you know, scarcity amongst consumers and stuff like that. So first thing we have to look at and address is that right now we're currently in Q4.

What does this mean? Q4 is basically the time of Christmas, Black Friday, Thanksgiving, all of these holidays. And it's also the time where people are spending the most money on ads and also buying the most things.

This is the time where people are buying gifts for Christmas and you know, they're buying things for Black Friday. They're spending a lot of money right now, but this also means brands are spending a lot of money and a lot of brands will spend up to 70% of their year long advertising budget just in Q4. And we're not just talking about like, you know, the typical drop shipping brands or people who started a, you know, like a little, like Shopify store and stuff like that.

We're talking about people like Target, Walmart, these large corporations that are spending multiple millions of dollars in a single month just on Facebook ads. So this creates more competition in the marketplace because there's a lot more people spending money on ads. Next thing we have elections specifically in the USA.

There's a very heated election. Um, I know there's some elections overseas as well. This is also a time where there's more people spending money on Facebook ads because they're trying to swing the vote left or right.

Both sides are spending a lot of money on Facebook ads and there's also an attention deficit. What is an attention deficit? This means that there's a lot of people right now that are very, um, you know, riled up all their emotions and stuff around this election and all they're focusing on Facebook and Instagram and stuff like that is election content.

Whether you're left or right, they're diving into this content and they're paying less attention to ads. This creates an attention deficit. The other thing is, like I said, both parties left and right are spending a lot of money on ads right now to persuade people to vote left or right right now.

And again, this is just in the USA, but there's also people literally in like overseas. I've heard that also going through elections. Um, I know it's a very heated one right now in the USA.

So we have two big events right now, Q4 and elections going on right now. That is literally just spending a ton of money, which is making it more competitive than ever. When it comes down to the ad costs, your CPM, your likely your CPM is probably going up right now.

Um, from October 1st to November 15th, we're going to see this CPM shoot up really high. Then from like November 15th to December 15th, it's going to shoot up even higher right there because of black Friday. Now the next thing, there's some war concerns right now.

I'll probably put this one a little bit lower on the scale right there. That's really shooting up your ad costs. But again, it's creating more of an attention deficit.

It's putting other things on people's minds right now, which is means it's a little bit harder to grab their attention when they're all riled up and full of emotions around these war concerns. And then lastly is inflation right now, basically everything people are buying rent costs, housing costs, gas, milk, bread, all of these things are at peak costs right now. When it comes down to people actually going to the supermarkets or buying a house or renting right now, it's a lot higher.

This means that people are being very smart with their money. They're not willing to just go risk their money as easily on various different stores that they've never heard of or little Shopify products. Everything they're buying has a very intentional place in their life.

That's really going to create a large benefit that which again, this is all to come down to those creative. You're running those landing pages, you're testing and stuff. And we're going to get to that in a little bit of exactly what we're doing around there to help increase that consumer confidence when they're buying from us.

Now, again, all this is making people smarter with their money and ad costs are higher than ever. If more people are smart with their money, they're less willing to just throw their money at random things they're not sure about. And then also too, it's more competitive.

What that does is it makes it more difficult to get a customer in your business. And we're going to go over exactly how we're steal what I would say getting customers properly for our clients here next. So what can you do?

So option number one is you can literally complain about it on social media. Uh, you know, I see people in the comments, I see people in my free telegram community called active marketer, which click the link below for that. Um, I'm in a few other, like just Facebook ad random groups that become like, I've basically kind of joined up into over the last couple of years on Facebook.

I've seen on Twitter, people are just complaining about performance on social media every day. And look, to be fair, I used to be that person. I remember back in 2020, last time there was an election going on.

I think I started like seeing really bad performance around July elections, November in 2020. And then, uh, I think I complained about it on social media from like July all the way to that election day, which is November. So about three or four months to complain about social media.

And when you complain about it on social media, it does some weird psychological stuff to you. So first things first, when you complain about it on social media and people like it and comments on it and saying like, Oh yeah, me too. Blah, blah, blah.

It, it relieves some pressure off for you because you're like, okay, other people are experiencing this too. And because other people are experiencing this too, I can kind of take a step back and kind of like, Hey, things are out of my control. I can't really do anything about it.

I'm just going to be, I'm just stuck with these results. Um, Facebook's just not what it used to be anymore. And, uh, yeah, that's about it.

And it kind of allows you to kind of like, just feel good about it in a weird way because other people are experiencing it too. And Facebook's no longer where it used to be anymore, blah, blah, blah. And what ultimately will happen here is you'll fall into that trap and you'll just keep telling yourself Facebook performance is terrible right now.

I'll start back later. I'll start back later. And what you'll do is you'll just keep experiencing bad performance because you're kind of basically communicating to the universe that, Hey, I have zero control over performance.

Um, I literally can't do anything about these terrible ads. I'm like seeing right now the results I'm getting right now. Um, everything is out of my hands.

Uh, I'm just going to sit here and wait till performance gets back up. But what it does is to your actions is you start, you stop taking the actions that generates good performance. And that's where I also see other people at, and that's the option number two.

These are people that have become a smarter marketer because all of these people, um, literally are still seeing great performance right now. Don't get me wrong. It's still harder for them to see good performance.

It's still more difficult to get good performance when all this stuff is going on, but a smarter marketer will always focus on what they can control and what they can do to win. And a smarter marketer will always win. And they're going to take extreme accountability over the things they can control regardless of what happens to their external.

So, okay, cool. All this shit's going on. Cool.

What do I can, what can I control and how can I go deeper? How can I invest more? How can I spend more?

How can I do more around those actions? So that way I can like, even if it's more difficult now, I'm still taking massive action. And these are the people that always win when things get rough.

Now, if you choose number one and you're basically just like, I just rather complain about it on social media, then I want you to click all this video right now and do me a favor and hit unsubscribe because that's just not the type of people I want on my channel. I want people that taking control over their actions and literally can take control of the reality. And regardless of what's happening, they consistently keep prosperity and they keep climbing up that ladder in terms of performance.

Now, if you choose option number two, I'm going to give you the exact steps that we're doing right now. Like literally, I'm going to show you the exact kind of creative way we're thinking about creatives right now. The secret things we're doing with landing pages right now, that's crushing the offers, like all of that.

I'm going to show you that in a little bit in this YouTube video. But first I want to show you exactly what those actions are doing right now, because yes, we're still getting good results right now for some of our clients. So here's an account that we're able to reduce CPL by 40%.

This is literally just like two weeks ago right here. We're at about a $10 cost per lead. And you know, we're getting about, you know, a $450, what I would say, closing costs on those leads.

And then here was just last seven days, we found a new winning ad, and we're able to drop CPL by 40%. It's about 10 something dollars. Now it's down to $6.

And we're dropped cost back application submitted, which is your qualified leads and stuff all the way down to $195. So we almost basically two X revenue for this business. Here's another business that we dropped cost per acquisition cost per purchase from a hundred dollars to $30.

And you can see right here, this is from July 26th to September 20th. We're at a $92 cost per purchase. And then check this last seven days, October 7th to October 13th, 2024.

We're down to a $27 cost per acquisition. So we literally just cut down costs by over 60% for this client. And we're starting to spend more for this client.

If you can see this, the last seven days, we're up to almost 2k for every seven days. And this was like a little over 30 days. And this was like almost literally two months right here.

And we only spent $4,500. So we're spending significantly more at a lower cost per acquisition. All we did was find a new winning ad.

That is it. And then lastly, here's another account that we were able to literally get a six X ROAS over the last 30 days. And just showing you this right here is from September 1st, 2024 to September 30th, 2024, where we spent $7,000 and got a 6.9 X return on ad spend.

Now, all of this is a result of being a smart marketer and holding ourselves accountable to what we can control. We're not allowing all this chaos put us in this little like, performance is terrible. I need to complain about online.

I can't do anything about it. I'm just going to sit here and wait. I'm just going to come back in April and start running ads again.

No, fuck that. Like literally all of this is us being a smart marketer. So what did we do?

So first things first is big swings in creative testing. And what does that mean? So a lot of people, when they're doing their creative testing, this is what it looks like.

Red photo, green photo, like this is our product. And they're like, Oh, let's test the photo. Let's do one with a red background, one with a blue background.

All right, cool. Or like they'll find one angle, which is like, you know, something weird, like, you know, people who just started with Facebook ads and they'll just stay around that one angle. And it's like, no, the first thing you want to do is you want to do your market research.

And I might spend anywhere between 10 to 20 hours of market research before I write a single ad for a client. And I basically like to map things out. I like to first off, write down the product I'm selling.

Then I like to write down the different desires across the marketplace when I'm doing research around that product, the different problems and the different symptoms. Then I like to go into each desire, each problem, and each symptom and start writing out my different customer avatars that have that desire, have that symptom, have that problem. Then from there, I like to look at, at, okay, cool.

So like, if this is the desire to scale Facebook ads and it's shopped by store owners throughout a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue, then what are the different things they tried and felt that to break past that a hundred K a month? And here I'm just writing down those couple of things. They tried bid caps.

Maybe, maybe they haven't tried anything. And then from here, I'm writing down the different hooks that I can use to basically capture their attention. And then from there, I like to look at the different angles.

So here's the example right here, a hook, new ad creative that's helping shop by store owners break past a hundred thousand dollars a month. And then here I'm just showcasing different angles. So an angle is just a different way to say the same thing.

So, um, boss, Facebook advertiser reveals the ad creative that sales shop by store owners pass a hundred K a month versus this new ad creative helped shop by store owners break past a hundred K per month in less than seven days. This one's using an authority angle. And this one's using a time sensitive angle, which is in seven days and all of these, basically I'm going to create all of these different angles coming off of these different ways to position the product.

And then I'm going to test all of those big swings first. Then I'll start going into, once I find a big swing that works really well, then I'll start going into, okay, here's the different angles. Then what are the different iterations around that angle?

Um, that'll work really well. Next thing is testing new landing pages. And it's never been easier ever to test new landing pages.

Like before you step like dev and like, you need like this development team, you need to maybe go work with a CRO agency and stuff like that. And now it's like so simple. Like the other day, I made a landing page in like 30 minutes, fired it up, rolled out in Shopify and we were rolling and crushing it.

Um, so for us, we're using Replo, uh, specifically if you're on Shopify, Replo works phenomenal. Like it's so easy. So they give you all of these like templates and like literally there's like listicles, blogs, advertorials, there's product pages.

They give you all of these templates completely for free with your Replo like subscription and stuff. And from there, you literally just drag and drop and replace the text. And then you literally just hit a button that says publish to Shopify and boom, done.

You have a new product page or you have a new listicle or you have a new advertorial. Like I created a listicle, um, product page the other day that's crushing. And it literally took me less than 30 minutes, signed up to the Replo, uh, click the listicle right here, drag and drop my product images, and then literally typed out a little bit of copy and then boom launched.

And then what we're using, um, to split test those pages, because again, you do not want to create a new campaign and you do not want to launch new ads. Like a lot of people think if they're testing a new product page, they need to duplicate the campaign or they need to go like duplicate their ads and change the page. No, you do not want to touch Facebook at all.

Um, when it comes down to testing new product pages, you want to use a split testing software that can split that traffic 50 50 so you can get the most accurate tasks. And I recommend intelligents or intelligents for that. Um, that works really well.

Now there will be some angles where we drive traffic straight from, uh, like, like, like let's say, for example, I want to go do an advertorial because it's an advertorial and it's further in the market awareness, um, uh, stage right there. Then like I'm designing that ad with the intentions of driving traffic to that landing page. So you'll have some ads that you'll some, some landing pages you'll create, you'll just split the traffic with intelligence.

And then some agile crate, you just want to drive straight to add traffic to that landing page or advertorial, and then straight to your website from there. And then lastly, we're doing right now is new offers. So just kind of recap real quick a second before we get into new offers, you can improve your creatives, which is going to, um, stop the scroll of more people.

It's going to make you, you know, like you're just gonna get smarter with how you're doing your creative testing and everything like that. Then from there, you're going to test new landing pages and new landing pages. You know, if you can increase, let's just say, for example, you can double the amount of people that is, uh, stopping the scroll in your ads, then you can double the amount of people that's converting on your landing page because it's just, it's more polished, better put together and everything.

Then the next thing you can control is you can increase the number of people, um, that spend more with your store. So something right now we really like doing is bundles and this is not my client or anything like that. I just want to make sure you're all aware of that, but it's also something right here that, um, I think it just looks really good is what AG one is doing right now.

So they're sueding, they're pushing people to get on their subscription because you can see right here, you can try AG one, which is just this pouch right here. That's it. All you get is this pouch.

Uh, you can try it once for $99. That's it. Or you can get their single subscription, which comes with, you know, this little like container, this travel pack, um, this little shaker cup.

And then like, you also get, I want to say like, um, you know, like something else, like this little like vitamin or something like that for $79. So you like to literally save $20 by going to subscription. Now, the reason why they do that is because all of these other things are insanely cheap to offer and push in here.

And it has like a $50 increased perceived value of those things right there. Um, and they know that their subscription people stay on this for a couple months or a couple of years, because it's a habit every morning of taking those greens. So this is something right here.

That's just a great example of improving that offer and offers not just, Hey, let's offer 20% off. Let's do 10% off. It's also some of the products you toss in there completely for free as well.

Um, let's say for example, you like this a hundred dollar product right here, let's say it's a hundred dollars and you could offer 20% off. That's $20. You're losing in profit on that.

So instead of offering 20% off, you could do, Hey, here's our a hundred dollar product. And then you go find a product that takes you maybe one to $5 that costs you and everything like that. But it has a high perceived value of like 35, $40.

And you toss that product in for free. Now you're only losing, uh, $5 in profit versus $20. So like, that's a great example right there for like some bundle deals and stuff you can do.

Um, and you can use fast bundle product bundles. This is a great lap right here that can help you out with building that out right there. Um, and then also to don't forget about one click upsell, uh, zipify, because this is also a great opportunity right here to upsell people and other products after they buy from your store, because this is also where you can help increase that average order value.

So the biggest thing with new offers is you want to increase the amount of money that people are spending with you. Um, when they come to your store and buy from you. So that way you can have more margin and more room for a higher ad costs.

If you are experiencing a very high CPA right now, instead of like, all right, cool. Yes, we did everything for landing pages. We did everything for creative testing.

Let's also see how maybe we could double our AOV for getting a $50 AOV. How can we have a realistically a hundred dollar AOV right now? Because that's all key things right there that I'd be looking at to help increase profits for the business.

Now you can go do all this yourself. Like literally I gave you everything we're doing right now. You can literally just take this, copy it and go run with it.

Have fun, enjoy, click off the video. Bye. See you later.

Or I can actually handhold you through these rough times. Like I know things are bad right now. I know ad costs are high right now.

Um, I know there's a lot of issues going on right now. Um, and I can literally go through all of this with you. I can handhold it.

I can review your ads. I can review your bundle test. I can review your landing pages.

I can provide you feedback. I can help you with how to kind of steer you in the type of angles I would run for that product. I can even up steer you in terms of like where I'd go do the market research.

I can do help you with all of that. And that's where I want to invite you right now to the inner circle. And the inner circle is basically a place where I help and mentor students.

And it's just a couple of students right here. A couple of testimonials is Josh. He did million dollars in a month.

Um, this is Isaac. He did, I think this is over $247,000 last BFCM. Um, this was another student.

We helped to go from a hundred dollars to $30,000 a day in revenue. Um, this is another student basically literally said like they paid literally 10 to 20 K for all their masterminds. And like the inner circle, like just completely blows those out the water.

Um, in terms of like those other masterminds and trust me, like I'm gonna show you guys the price of the inner circle in a little bit, and it's nowhere near close to 10 to 20 K. Um, compared to some of these other masterminds, like literally it's a fraction of that. And then, um, here's another student who's been able to go for like literally within a year.

I remember when they joined, they were like literally struggling like a hundred, $200 a day. Um, and it was able to scale up to $50,000 a day in revenue. So, um, all of this is due to exactly what I'm gonna show you right now, which is doing a 30 minute call with me every month.

This is me privately. This is, you know, not like I'm giving you, it's not like I have a huge coaching program where I'm handing you off to somewhere else. This is literally where you're going to go in my calendar and book a call that works for you at that time.

We often that call together and we go through, uh, pretty much whatever roadblocks that's preventing you from scaling your business right now. Next thing is we do two weekly group calls. Um, I do one call per week and then my head of client performance on my agency, he does a call, uh, other call per week.

So, um, I do the 1 PM central time Friday call and then, uh, he does the 10 AM central time, um, call, which is on Thursdays and a great, this is a great opportunity right here where we do group Q and a we do, um, we review ads together. We do, I do like I teach live lessons some weeks. Um, I know at the time I'm filming this black Friday is a big thing right now.

So I'm going over the key things around black Friday and all that good stuff right there. Next thing is a 24 seven telegram chat. Um, this is again, where I answer all of these questions.

Um, so it's not like someone else is answering them for y'all. And this is a great place where like I have a lot of students, they put ads, they just created in here for me to review, give them feedback. Um, you can also network with all their high status individuals.

As you can see, I've shown a few people in here now that's done close to over a million dollars a month in revenue. Um, so you can network, ask questions, um, you know, chat with some of the other members. It's just a really good place.

I know it's lonely out there when it comes down to marketing and advertising and stuff. Um, so a lot of people really love that, uh, community aspect too, as well with this telegram chat. And then lastly, all the new strategies, tools, SOPs and stuff like that, that I create, um, I give those to students first.

Um, so that basically just means that, Hey, something new, new is out there. It's crushing it. Here you go.

Here's that SOP that me and my team is following. Um, it's a lot more detailed in these YouTube videos and stuff. And, um, yeah, you'll basically be the first person to get all of that from there.

Now, who's this for, um, shop by store owners. It's probably like what I would say like 70 to 80% of the group is people who own a shop by a store, um, selling numerous different things in the group. Um, agency owners, um, I, I would say probably about like 10, 15% of the population is agency owners in the group.

Um, and again, you know, while we can talk about your client results, we can also kind of talk about some of those things. Like I run an advertising agency on a day to day basis. Um, that does seven figures a year.

So like I can give you some of those kind of systems and strategies of which we're going to manage our agency. And then also to lead gen businesses. Um, I think one of my largest clients actually, uh, you know, we've done over $45 million for in the last couple of years.

And, uh, we spent over $9 million or probably close to $10 million now. And, um, it's a legion business. So I have a lot of knowledge when it comes down to lead generation as well.

So I do cater to those clients as well. Now who's this not far, um, people who have zero experience with Facebook ads. This is just not for you.

Uh, we want people that's already spending money on Facebook ads. Uh, this could be as little as like 20, 30 bucks a day, um, to pretty much, you know, whatever. Um, I think like, I think probably one of the highest paid, highest students in there might be spending like 20 K 30 K a day in that spend.

Um, but yeah, if you're have zero experience of ads, this is not it. I'm not going to teach you how to set up an ad account. I'm not going to teach you how to, um, you know, launch a product or anything like that.

Like you already need to have a product or an offer that you're selling. You're already running ads and then we can help you scale up. And then people who do not take action, like if you have to have accountability with yourself to book that one-on-one call with me every month, you have to have that kind of ability to show up to those weekly calls.

You have to have that kind of ability when you have questions to ask them in the telegram chat. If you do none of that, then it's literally, this is worthless for you. And you're just going to burn your money.

And like, I do not recommend joining, but if you do take action, if you do are eager to learn, if you are eager to level up, then this isn't a great opportunity for you. And lastly, people who refuse to listen to advice. Um, this is probably one of the most frustrating things as a coach where like, I'll see it from time to time again, where like a student might kind of get into this little like, you know, paralysis analysis type thing where I'm telling them specifically what to do.

And they just like over complicated or something like that. Or, um, oh, well, you know, you told me to do this, but this person told me this, but this person told me this. It's like, no, like you're going to come in here.

Then like what I'm telling you to do is the best route to go based off my experience. Now, if I'm not experienced with a problem that you're having, or I'm not experienced with something that you're struggling with, I've simply won't give you the advice. And I'll literally tell you like, Hey, I don't have an experience this before.

Um, but if you're someone who refuses to listen to people in terms of like what you need to do, then obviously this will not be good for you. Good fit at all. So how much does this all costs?

This costs $1,000 a month USD. Um, like I said, it'd be a fraction of the cost of those 10, 20 K masterminds that, uh, that one particular student was paying to be in. Um, you can cancel anytime.

Like you can literally join one month and cancel the day before your next billing date. Like I'm very easy for that. Um, and you can join as low as a month.

It's a thousand dollars a month. It's an auto subscription. So it's not like it's an invoice or anything like that.

Um, and then you can click the link below to where you can, um, basically go through and, you know, go to this page, you apply now, you're just going to go through this real quick. And then, uh, if approved, it will go over and, um, it'll basically, you know, fill out the credit card information right there. Then from there you can complete your order.

And then there's really super important. You need to click this telegram ring link after you complete your order, because from there, that's, um, where you can then go join inside of the group. And right now we're currently at 80 members.

I took this screenshot this morning. Uh, we are at 80 members right now inside of the inner circle. Um, I do cap this at a hundred and that's purely just due to my time.

My full time, like thing I do is the, uh, my agency and stuff. Like I said, I do own an agency that does seven figures a year, um, in terms of our clients and stuff like that. And that's my main thing.

I simply do this as a side thing because one people just love it. And I get a ton of people message me every day for like consulting and mentoring and stuff like that. So this is that thing right there to help people and kind of give back a little bit.

Um, but yeah, so, uh, if you're interested, click the link below, like I said, close the doors at a hundred and about 20 spots open right now. That's how I'm just filming this video. So get in before you lose a spot.

Have a good one.