I want to show you exactly how we blew up a Facebook ad account from $100k to over $300,000 within 30 days. And this won't be your traditional, hey, set up this campaign, do this XYZ. We're going to be talking a little bit more to the sophisticated market, which is creative testing and how to take your creative testing to a new level.

Because I see so many people making the mistake. They're at $100k a month, they're testing a lot of creatives, but they're just not really seeing that big boom they were looking for. So just to show you this account, about $161,000 is just 30 days prior for us coming on board.

And then we came on board like April 15th. And from April 15th to May 15th, pretty much doubled their revenue and doubled their profits. And what we did was is we first took and came into their accounts and we started doing our market research.

This is going on TikTok, going on YouTube, this is going on Reddit, this is going on customer testimonials, this is going on Facebook ad comments, this is going on competitor testimonials, like pretty much everywhere. And we spent hours and hours and hours, like eight to 10 hours, just researching the market to better understand your customer. And this is where a lot of people fuck up at when it comes down to creative testing, because what they'll do is they'll do a little bit of research or they won't do any research.

So just be like, all right, here's my product, Facebook ads done for you. And they're like, we're going to test the video, then test the photo. They're like, oh, we tested two ads, didn't work.

Let's change the color in the background. Wow. And then that's our next creative test.

And this is what's keeping you stuck in 100k a month here and not allowing you to really scale and blow up the account. So what we want to look at first is looking at your product and you can make one of these. I'm just using lucid chart for this.

And basically you want to identify desires in the marketplace, problems, symptoms that people have. And this is where you'll find this through your research and that are all related to your product. Now, what you want to do is you want to zoom in on one of those.

So let's just say Facebook ads done for you. Let's look at the desire to scale ads. Now, once we zoom in on a particular desire in the marketplace or problem or symptom, what we want to look at is who are the different customer avatars that have that desire or have that problem or have that symptom.

And this could be as little as one. This could be as many as 50. It's just, you know, let's start putting them down from our research.

I never make things up. Everything comes from our research. So I just put two right here.

Shopify store owners who are stuck at 100k a month and then Legion business owners who are stuck at 1k a day and ad spend. Now I want to start looking deeper into what have they tried and failed with. Now, the reason why I want to know what they tried and failed with is because if I know what they tried and failed with, then I can start looking at, okay, cool.

We can position our product as a new way, a new strategy, faster, cheaper, more benefits, things like that. So let's just say, for example, Shopify store owners who are stuck at 100k a month, maybe they tried bid caps and cost caps. Maybe they haven't tried anything yet to scale their ads, which to be fair, if they're at 100k a month, they've tried a lot of different things to scale their ads.

And then from here, I want to look at different hooks we can start writing. So why bid caps are keeping Shopify store owners stuck at 100k per month and how to prevent it. New ad creative that is helping Shopify store owners break past 100k a month.

Now, this is not related to bid caps or cost caps at all, but why is it effective? Because I'm calling out something new that is not something they've tried already. Because it's something they haven't tried already.

It's a new strategy. It's a new way it captures, it grabs their attention and I can start selling on this new thing. Then I can start writing my different hooks.

And these are all what I would say, big swings, right? So here we're going to try introducing a whole new strategy that I've never seen before. Here we're going to call out something they've tried and failed with.

Here we're trying something that they haven't tried yet. And this is all relevant to this customer avatar. And I can go do the same thing for this Legion business owner.

And I'll have a few different hooks for this. This will then create my video or create my photo. Do we need to do a video or do you need to do a photo?

It really just comes down to what is going to visually create that belief around what you're trying to showcase people. Is it, do you need to visually show something on a video that's going to create that belief for them? Or do you need to show them in a photo and they'll create that same belief?

So here is three different hooks. That's three different concepts. I'm going to go test these different concepts in my creative testing.

And if none of them work, then I need to start and kind of starts going back up the ladder. What are other things they've tried and failed with that I'm not looking at? And then try putting those in and then going and testing those.

So that might be four or five more hooks. Then it's like, okay, shop by store owners. We can't get anything to take off with this.

Then we can start looking at, okay, cool. Legion business owners. That's the other huge market that we found.

And then let's go do all this for them. Then none of that works. Cool.

Let's go all the way back up. Desire to scale ads. It's not working.

Let's try something else. Let's try problem of creatives that do not generate sales and then boom and go through all of that process right there. So you can see right there, this is how we take that creative testing to a new level.

And that's exactly what we did to blow up this account to from 160K to $318,000 in 30 days. They were doing all the basic stuff, you know, of creative testing of, Hey, photo, video, things like that. But there was no structure from an organizational side of what our product does.

What's the different desires, symptoms, and problems across our marketplace. What are the different customer avatars for each? What are different sophistication levels for each?

And how are we creating hooks that for each one of these, that's going to captivate different portions of the market. And that way we can kind of test different portions of the market. We're throwing big swings at this.

So once we find those big swings, then we can start doing the little things. Like if, for example, we know this works right here. Boss Facebook advertiser reveals the ad creative that scale shop is to owners past 100K a month.

Then I could try like other ways to say this exact same thing. I can look at a red background versus a blue background. I could test different ethnicities of people that are talking in the creative.

I can test different environments. I can do all of that stuff, but that's not done until we do these first big swings. And these big swings, no, they're not just a hook on an image and like a loose test.

It's, we're actually creating content that reflects the hook we just wrote that is relevant to it. And we're either creating that video or creating that photo. We might create some videos, some photos.

It just depends on the concept and the hook itself and what we need to visually demonstrate that's going to create belief for our customer. So thank you all so much for watching. If you enjoyed this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you're doing at least $100,000 a month in revenue, and you want to scale to multiple seven figures, we've helped four brands now do that same. Click the link below for me to run your ads. We'll do the research, the scripting, the positioning, the filming of the content, editing of the content, all of that, put in your ad account and then run the ads.

So click link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. And if you're not making $100,000 a month and you want my help, click below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. We'll hop on one-on-one calls, review your Facebook ad accounts, review the performance and make, help you make strategic decisions to scale your brand moving forward.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.