Today, we'll be going over the exact way to set up a brand new Facebook ads campaign, what to optimize for, what daily budget to start at, how to set up your creative test and things like that. I'm showing you guys live in today's video, specifically for those who've never really ran Facebook ads before, or those who are trying to understand the best way to kind of set up new campaigns, all of that's good stuff right there. So without further ado, let's dive right into the video.

So here's one account right here that we've been running now for a short period of time, probably around a little over a month now. And just to show you all real quick, we've taken, spent about $4,000 on this account, about $90 cost per purchase. And just recently, we were able to get that down all the way over to what I would say around about $25 cost per purchase.

So I'm going to show you guys how to set up this campaign, how to set up, like how we were able to bring down that cost per purchase and that ROAS and all that good stuff right there, and how we're going to continue to optimize this. Because while we are doing significantly better, we're still not kind of in the green of where we want to be. So that's my whole goal with this video.

And yeah, as mentioned, this is a brand new account. You know, there's nothing else that's been spending on this account. This particular store is a fresh store, all that good stuff.

So yeah, let's dive into this. So first things first, just show you guys how to set up the campaign. We're going to go right there, click on create sales campaign, and then when you continue and you want to do a manual sales campaign.

Now, I like to do a manual sales campaign because advantage shopping plus there's a couple different things right there. And we'll get more into this video of why. But one of the main ones just right away is that we like to create a new ad set for every creative test.

And in an ASC campaign, you cannot create more ad sets and you can only create up to 50 ads in one ad set or the one ad set it gives you default. And due to that right there, it limits our ability to operate long term in that campaign. So I always like to do a manual sales campaign right here and then we'll click on continue.

Now, once we're inside of here, we want to turn advantage campaign budget on. Now, I always recommend setting a daily budget that you can spend for 30 days and not be attached to that money. So what I mean by that is, is that Facebook takes a little time to optimize and get going.

And the reason why so many people fell with Facebook ads is because they're too, they treat it like almost like gambling and they throw like $10 today at it. If it doesn't work, cool, they turn off tomorrow. You want to look at a long term plan here.

I want to be able to spend in this campaign for the next 30 days. And regardless if I make money or not, I'm going to pick a budget that I can afford to lose. So whatever number that you're comfortable with losing completely over the next 30 days, that's the number you want to put kind of in, you know, divide by 30 for your like your daily budget right there.

So for me, I'm completely comfortable with spending $100 a day at a complete loss. Now, I'm not saying we will have a complete loss, but we need to have that mindset so we don't make any financially bad decisions. So vintage campaign budget on $100 a day, and we're going to click on next.

Now here, we want to click on website for your conversion. And then here you want to select your pixel. Now, even if your account has never had any ads run in that account, you want to make sure you click on purchase.

Now, the reason why is because purchases, every like Facebook user is already kind of categorized pre-defaultly into one of these conversions events. So a lot of people like, especially like a myth is that, you know, warm up the account, use view content, you need to warm up the account with add to cart, then you can go to purchase. It's like, no, you can just go straight from purchase day one.

All those other things are just going to get you exactly what you're optimizing for view content or add to cart. And that's not what you want. So here we select on purchase.

And then here you just want to keep scrolling down. You want to click on switch to original audience options and then click use original audience. Now, the reason why we want to do this is because with the advantage plus audience, we'll notice a higher middle funnel bomb a funnel.

So you see a little bit more of like retargeting going on. And we'll typically see those work really well out the gate for a day or two, but then just completely fall on our face. And they're terrible for long-term scaling.

We want to set the proper foundation up for long-term scaling here. So even though it's a brand new account, it's never spent a single dollar. We still want to go straight to original audience.

And then next thing is you want to add your exclusions and you want to do just purchase 180 days. Even if you don't have any purchases yet, I just like to have, I like to have good habits from day one and excluding purchases. 180 days is always a good habit for us to consistently take.

Now, next thing is select your location. I always recommend being profitable in one country before you go to other countries. So, and I always like to do USA.

USA is the most difficult, but if you get profitable in the USA, then guess what? It's so easy scale everywhere else. So I'm just doing USA here.

And then, you know, if there's like, if you know exactly the age group, then sure. But for 9% of the time, I just leave the age group as is. And then gender.

Again, if you know, for a fact, it's like you have like a female clothing line and you want to target female specifically, then cool. Or if you have a male clothing line and you want to target male, sure. Go for that.

Now I do broad targeting, so I don't do any audiences. I don't do any, you know, interest or anything like that, because at the end of the day, I believe that my creative creates the audience. What do I mean by that?

That means the piece of content that I put is going to leverage the algorithm Facebook has to put that piece of content in front of the right people, which is going to get people to buy. Now for placements, this is the only thing I probably leave as advantage plus, and then next you'll hit continue here. Make sure you select your Facebook page, your Instagram page.

And then next thing you want to do is go and create your ad. And then you want to click on flexible. Now inside of flexible here, this is where you're going to add your media.

And what you want to do is just simply add in whatever. I'm actually going to add in this right here. Boom, boom, boom.

And then here we have our three different pieces of content. I always recommend the same hook, same hook, just different visual for it. So the hook is the text and in the visual in the background, we're just testing different visuals here.

So you're going to upload three photos or three videos. I do not recommend three videos and three photos or like two videos and a photo. You want to do three photos or three videos and primary text.

If you don't have any winners right now, you'll just do like two primary taxes, a new one, and then like new two. But if you have a winning primary tax, you'll do a new primary tax and you'll do a winning primary tax. So that's the two ways we like to do it.

New and then boom winner. Next thing you'll add in like your website URL, just not going to add it in for simplicity here. And then the other thing you want to do, let's click on edit on this real quick.

Oh wait, nevermind. We don't have any. Sometimes I'll have like the different like optimizations and stuff.

Yeah. We want to turn those off. Just again, that's my personal preference.

And then here you'll go to publish. Now I'm not going to publish this. And that's simply just due to the simple fact that we already have this rolling.

So I actually want to go and show you guys now more on the optimization side of how to actually get this going. So you'll see right here in this account, each of these different ad sets are what we just created inside of here. Here's 103, 109, 106.

Each one of these numbers just represents a internal naming mechanism that we use for each concept, right? A concept is just an idea for an ad. That's all it is.

If you want to learn how to actually create ads that scale and like really good creatives and stuff like that, what ends to say in the ad that's going to get those sales, how to show the product in the ad that's going to get those sales, go to ads that scale book.com. And that's my ebook that literally goes into depth on all of those good things. And trust me, it's not just like this little cheap ebook.

It's extremely powerful knowledge. Now I want to show you guys exactly how this campaign went. So we launched this campaign.

I want to say on the 19th or 19th or the 26th. Yeah. So the 26th, we launched this campaign.

We ran it for like the first, I think week with one sale, but we just kept it running. We just kept it spending. And then I'll just go to like the following week.

Let's do, I'll just do, uh, let's see. Let me do week by week on this, kept it running and it slowly started getting more cells and more cells over that period of time right there. And then we start launching our next creative test.

Um, you can do what I would say, run it for seven days, and then you can start your creative test. We were just, we had some delays in our production and due to those delays, not production timeline, we ran in an extra week or two before we got those next creative surround in there, but that's about it. So then you can start launching anywhere between two to three DCTs every seven days.

I say DCTs two, three ad sets every seven days. And again, every ad set is going to be, you know, exactly what I just showed you guys to create three photos or three videos and a new idea for those creatives. Now you'll notice here, I am never turning off whatever ad set that's getting the cells and the spin.

I'm not turning that one off because I'm simply trying to find one that's going to beat this one. And we haven't found one yet. Like these took okay levels of spin.

Let's go back to it. Let's go back to this week. Let's go back one more.

Okay. So let's look at this week. So 18 through 24, we saw these start to get some spin, but not a lot.

And one key thing you'll notice here is look at the frequency. The frequency is really high this week. So because it's a high frequency and high frequency is relative to this right here, your average for your campaign, because it has barely any spin and a high frequency relative to what's getting the, basically the most amount of spin during that same period of time right there.

This shows to me that this ad only appeals to a very small group of people. So Facebook is struggling to find people that like this ad because Facebook can't find people that like this ad. Guess what?

It's not going to spend more on it because they can't find anyone that likes it. So because of that, it's going to spend a little bit as it's going to spend less on it. Again, we have no control on that spin because we're in a CBO campaign.

Because we're in a CBO campaign, Facebook's going to spend on whatever's most likely to convert at scale. And Facebook prioritizes that by engagement and actual enjoyment of that ad itself. So this ad right here and these two ads, higher frequency, low amount of spin.

These ads, Facebook just can't find people that like it. Yeah, we're getting a good click through rate, but it's not getting us anything else that we're looking for. So following week, we launched a new set of ads.

We had 120 or 108 start to take off. Got a lot of spin that week, low frequency, but the cost per purchase was just higher because the cost per purchase was higher than our highest spending ad set right here. We turn that off.

So we turn off every week, we turn off the ones that just barely get any spin and don't convert. And we also turn off the ones that spend a lot, but as a higher cost per purchase than our control ad set. Now, your control ad set is always going to be the ad set that gets the majority of spend with low cost per purchase.

That's going to be your technically your control ad set right there. Now, we'll go into September and you'll notice performance is also starting to pick up on this campaign right here or this particular ad set right here. And then we also found this new ad set right here, 103, which starts to get some decent amount of spin, lower cost per purchase, but still not taking overall spin, but it has a slightly lower cost per purchase, but nothing crazy.

So we left those on and then we just keep on going right here. Here's the eighth to the 14th. Now, here's something interesting right here.

So 107 a got about $82 of spend during that period of time right there. But look at this much better cost per purchase, much better ROAS and our highest spender. Same thing with this one right here, 102 better spend.

Oh wait, hold up. Actually, let me rephrase that real quick. I just realized something here.

So 103 took overall spin. You look at 103, it took overall spin during that week of time right there. And yeah, so those spending overall, and I want to say we just let that roll.

But the reason why we didn't just turn everything off and let 107 a take overall spin is because of the frequency here. Look at this frequency on 107 a it's a 1.76. 1.76 basically just means that, Hey, we spent $82 as a really high frequency relative to our higher spending one.

So this ads can't find a lot of people that purchase, but because the cost of purchase is really good. This is showing to me that this is more of like a retargeting ad and it's retargeting the people that are coming in from like, you know, some of our higher spending ads itself. And then same thing for like 102 right there.

Now let's go over to the 15th through the 21st and here things start to get interesting. So we launched 109 this week and let's just say, I want to see us to like the 19th, for example. So again, we're just every week, we're just testing two or three new DCTs every week.

And again, these are all based off new ideas that come from research, which again, I teach everything in ads that scale book.com. It's extremely good. So up until, you know, the 19th, this is when we launched 109 right here and we're going to go over to Friday the 20th and it got $5 in spin.

And let's go to Saturday the 21st. Okay. Hey, this is taking over majority, uh, spin right here.

This one Oh nine, which is good. That's good. I love that.

I love when it takes majority of spin. Also keep in mind here for the whole month of September, the 1st through the 20th, we had a $82 cost per purchase and that Saturday, the 21st and a $43 cost per purchase when 109 took overall spin. So this is all good signs right here.

This is really good signs here. Then we left it on Sunday. It dropped down cost per purchase to $25.

Keep in mind, we had an $82 all month. Now Saturday or Sunday, now the 22nd, we had a $25 cost per purchase. And then guess what?

Monday, $16 cost per purchase Tuesday, 24th, 25th, uh, $25 cost per purchase. And then Wednesday, Wednesday, we didn't have any purchases and that's totally okay because two things happened this Wednesday. Our ad account got limited to a hundred dollars a day of ad spend.

And because it got limited to a hundred dollars today in ad spend, I had increased it a lot. So our ads got cut midday when we hit that a hundred dollar a day limit. So that kind of sucked, but Hey, everything picked back up Thursday.

And then Friday, we kept going with $18 cost per purchase. And then I want to say Saturday, we had $78 cost per purchase, but keep in mind here, Facebook is consistently inconsistent. And this is why I like to look at seven day windows.

So if we look at the last seven days, for example, we're at a $27 cost per purchase. We brought down cost per purchase literally from a $78 cost per purchase all the way down to a $27 cost per purchase. So almost a 75% reduction in cost per acquisition.

And all we did was keep launching those two to three new ad sets every single week based around totally new things. All of this was just new ideas, big swings. We weren't like, Oh, well, let's try like a slightly different color background on that hook.

No, we kept testing these new swings at this. And then from here, we started to increase the budget by 20% a day. As long as performance is hitting goals, our target cost per purchase is about $20 in this account.

So we still have a little ways to go. But if we would have stopped testing creatives between the first through the 20th right here, we're at a $90 cost per purchase. And we're like, Oh, I give up on this.

This is not a winning product. This is blah, blah, blah. Let's toss it away.

You know, like we were getting a $90 cost per acquisition right here. And then now we are getting literally all the way down to a $29. So we cut it down a lot.

We're a lot closer now, and we're going to keep improving and keep improvising on this account. But I want to show you all the raw week by week, how those decisions are made, how we look at things, how we just let things spend. And we consistently try to beat whatever that top ad set is.

That's our goal. So now that 109 is taking overall spend with a $27 cost per acquisition, my goal now is to beat this ad set. And that's becomes my new thing.

Now, what will likely happen here is that new stuff probably won't get a lot of spend. We had a lot of stuff that didn't get spent in this account over those couple of weeks that I showed you guys week by week. That's totally okay.

Because that shows to me that, Hey, this is does not work at scale. Now, look how fast y'all saw 109. Like we went, you know, three or four weeks with no winning ads.

And you saw how fast like 109 literally took overall spent, you know, it was not spending, we didn't launch it at all 15 through to 90. Then Friday to 20th, it spent $5 in spend, then literally Saturday to 21st, it took overall spend, and it was converting really well. So just to show you all that aspect right there.

Now, the new goal is to beat this $27 cost per position. And we're going to do it the same fricking way we did it the earlier way. We're going to keep testing these new ideas, we're keep doing research and keep coming up with new ads that convert at scale, which again, you can learn in my book ads that scale book.com.

And that'll teach you all the how to write things or what to put in the visuals, all that good stuff right there, which will be super valuable for you. So thank you all so much for watching. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

With that being said, ciao, ciao later. Peace out.