All right. So since I won't be here this Friday, uh, due to being in Colorado for my birthday, uh, I'm actually doing a lesson today that I'm just going to record and send over to you guys and ladies. This was specifically requested by Josh.

Uh, Josh wanted to know my SOP for creating image ads. Uh, what kind of goes in an image ad when makes a great image ad. So I put together what I would say, probably, uh, literally everything I know about image ads and all the key things that you really need to focus on.

So first things first is before you create an image ad, you have to understand that you have a fraction of a second to attract the right audience, convey one main thought and get someone to click. So in this particular case, less is more. We don't want a complex image ad with a ton of text.

Those typically get a lot of swipes. We really want something that gets more clicks, which is one main thought, one main audience. Um, and a lot of these other key little elements, psychological elements I'm going over today.

So obviously just like we write any ad, we first start off with our desire, our awareness and our sophistication, because that's going to dictate what I need to put in the ad. If I'm going after a desire for make more money, then I need to understand, you know, is it someone who is still working nine to five that wants to make more money? Is it someone who owns a Shopify store and wants to learn how to make more money with their business?

What is their sophistication level? So I can understand also what are we either introducing a new mechanism or, um, maybe we're going after a new identity or something like that. Uh, we need to understand all of these.

So we understand what we need to visually, uh, display in front of someone saying is we need to understand what the landing page is because the landing page will also impact what we put inside of that. Um, you know, that image at itself. And I'll give you all some examples really quick on that.

So like, let's say for example, if we were selling a, uh, like for example, we were working with black gold elixir. Uh, we, um, you know, we, we did the coffee alternative and like literally an easy hook. We can just showcase the product and put world's first coffee alternative that actually tastes like coffee.

And we can send people to our product page for that. Cause we don't really need a ton of, of mental hoops and mental loops that people have to jump through for that. That's just literally boom.

Here's the product. Here's what it tastes like. That's it.

I don't need to take through people through awareness stages, like this advertorial example right here that says little known secret about Medicare that could cost you thousands. This one, we first have to, um, we're calling out that unaware market. We're sending them to an advertorial and on that advertorial, we're going to go, all right, here's this little known secret, uh, which creates the problem, which, uh, the problem is a large ambulance bills.

Then we make people aware of this problem. Then we make people aware of solution, which is, um, supplemental insurance. And then we go into all that other things, but for the actual image ad, we can't do all that in the image ad.

So we just need to state little known secret about Medicare that could cost you thousands. And then people click the link to actually read that advertorial. Now let's say we're doing a listicle where we want to do three reasons why vets recommend Nick's dog joint supplement.

In this particular case, I wouldn't want to put those three reasons why on that image ad, unless there were very quick and easy ones. Uh, for this one, these were a little bit longer, a little bit more detail. So we want to send people to a listicle.

So I'm not going to show the three reasons. I'm just going to say three reasons why, and then let people have that, uh, button that clicked to actually go read that article. Now let's say we were sending traffic to a long form sales page or a VSL.

Uh, so here's like a hook example, revolutionary new method. That's helping shop by owners scale ultra fast with Facebook ads. So like on that sales page or VSL, I have to go into this new method.

I'd have to go over a couple of case studies, uh, show lots of proof and then boom, here's how you buy, uh, whatever I'm selling you, whether it's coaching, mentoring, or a course or whatever that might be. So you have to understand where you also plan to send traffic. Cause if you don't understand where to send traffic, that's also going to make it more difficult for when you're writing that hook.

Do you, or if you're sending traffic to a listicle, you don't need to write the three reasons, but if you know, you'll be sending traffic to our product page and you want to do a three reasons why then in that particular case, you'd actually have to write up those three reasons also to put on that image ad. And then like we have already mentioned less is more. So showing those three reasons, you're going to be very short, very quick and very easy to understand.

If not, that's actually going to hurt your performance then rather than improve it. Let's go to the next thing. So next thing is the customer persona.

You have to understand what is the visual inside of a customer's mind of what they want. Uh, do they want a gray iPhone and we just need to show them a gray iPhone. Do they want six pack apps and we just need to show them six pack apps.

Um, we need to understand what that visual is and that's where you get from research. And then the next thing is what types of colors and design we need to use. You know, if we're going to be marketing to a 21 year old girl, who's in a sorority, uh, we're going to be using very different colors than a guy who's, you know, been competing in bodybuilding for the last 10 years.

And you know, he's like a tactical shithead, for example, like very different colors and design we'll need for both of those types of people right there. Once you understand the customer persona, you understand your desire, awareness, sophistication, uh, you have your hook, all that growth and put together. Now we need to understand what is the type of image ad do we want to showcase?

Now I'm going to be showing y'all two different things today. I'll be showing y'all types of image ads and then also, um, types of image ad designs. Now there's a difference here.

Image ads, the types of image ads, this is going to go more of what the product is showing, what we need to showcase visually inside of that image. And then the design is more of like the layout of that image itself. You know, where do we put the text?

Do we do like a split screen? What does the layout look at look like from a graphic design perspective or just more specifically types of image ads, the types of visuals you'll need to have ready, uh, to be able to create some of these image ads. So very first one is picture of the product.

So let's just say, for example, um, this could just be, uh, maybe you, you launched a new jewelry line. Maybe example on this one right here, it's a perfect gift. Uh, you can do a variety of different hooks right here, but it's gonna be more solution aware product aware types of hooks.

Um, and that's probably gonna be more of like your stage three, stage four, uh, market sophistication right there. Now your next one is your picture of the product in use, uh, very similar to the last one. Uh, this would probably actually be more stage three, stage four sophistication also to more solution aware, um, product aware.

Um, I don't see this one too, too often in terms of just seeing videos and like pictures on lines and stuff like that. I don't see too many image ads like this one online. Um, and mostly just because this is a great example right here where I would just do a video, just be a lot easier than a photo.

Next one is a picture of the desire. So right here, we're showing people what they desire, and then we're just putting our product by it to make that mental, like, Hey, this is what our product does. This is also very good solution aware one right here.

Uh, for this one, um, I'm actually not a fan of the, um, like text in this one itself, like the actual testimonial layout and stuff, but in terms of picturing what they desire, that's a big one right there. Next one is a picture of the feature. So this is where we're highlighting a specific feature of a product.

So for example, right here, this particular brand, this is more, um, I'd say solution aware, um, definitely say stage four sophistication. Reason why I say a stage four sophistication is because all they're doing is showcasing, um, a new design of the Apple watch band. It's not a new mechanism.

There's already tons of watch bands out there. We're just simply showing a new, uh, design, um, but still the same mechanism. We're just different design.

That's all we're doing right there. So picture of the feature itself. And then lastly, this could be a picture of the problem or a picture of the symptom itself where we're just picturing the problem.

And then, um, yeah, I mean, very simple. Assuming you're problem aware and you're unaware market specifically, um, unaware market for showing like a symptom problem, where market for calling out a problem itself. So these are the different types of visuals of which we'll need to have ready for that ad.

And depending on, you know, what, uh, this is, this is going to dictate what we need to actually show in there. And it'll also kind of dictate what we also do for like the landing page, for example, like for example, this one's picture of the problem. If we just do knee pain and we'd see, we send people over to a product page, huge disconnect.

Cause it's like knee pain. And then you go straight to the product page and the product page is just showing like random, like a vitamin E supplement. It's like, what the fuck I have knee pain.

What do I need this for? That's because the mental, the market awareness is so far away from each other that people don't even realize they need this product. So this is an example of where you need to send them to a long form sales page, maybe an advertorial.

Um, one of those two right there, then send them over to the product page. Now, next thing we want to look at is designs. So a design is more of just the layout of things on the image.

Whereas these were the, what you need to visually show. These are, how do you visually show that? So first one right here is the hook only you show the visual and then hook only here.

We're showing people what they desire. Uh, they desire this courtship kind of love type thing right there. But here we're just calling out the problem.

We're showcasing the problem. And then we're just simply our, have our hook. So hook only just one short, very short sentence here.

I wouldn't even say it a sentence. It's more just like a statement. Boom.

Now the next one is hook plus three bullet points. And honestly, to be fair, um, this can be more bullet points, but to be fair, like for me, three bullet points is perfect. So here absorbs 2000% better than powdered turmeric.

And then one, two, three, we cheat your property. Again, this one does burning, tingling, numbness, aching, stinging pins and needles. I would only do three for this one.

This one does way too much. Mila choker, four millimeter beaded necklace, delicate shimmering beading, perfect for everyday wear. So great example here and here for just three bullet points.

Uh, if you just understand like three bullet points are just easier to communicate. And they're also just shorter. They're shorter and more powerful with three.

When you put a ton of things right here, it's just kind of a little bit more all over the place. Now the next one is split screen. So here's an example right here.

You know, this is a split screen, this is a split screen. And even like before and afters right here, these are split screens as well. Um, relatively simple.

The big thing here you want to leverage is contrast. Contrast is huge when you're playing with split screen, especially this one. I love this one a lot.

There's also a lot of contrast with this one too. Really good. Um, this one's pretty decent here.

I wouldn't say it's bad, but pretty decent right here. So split screen, you can do bottom top. You can do side to side.

I've even seen people do like, you know, 45 degree angle type thing right there. This one I see rarely, but it's a three times split screen. So you have like two images on the left and then one on the right.

And I've even seen vice versa where I was like one on the left and two on the right, right there. Very simple to articulate. Um, I think I've seen this a lot with clothing brands specifically, uh, our product with multiple different like features itself.

Now, next one is no hook. There's just no text on the screen at all. I you're literally just showing boom, here's the product itself.

And I'm not a super big fan of these just because, you know, it just, it doesn't really call people out to be fair though. Like obviously people have seen this necklace, like it's, it's pretty easy to know that it's this necklace right here. And you know, it's pretty easy to know, like it's this dress right here, but I don't know.

I just, I find there's too much room, uh, for, uh, opportunity of people like kind of up with this right here. And like, you know, like I'm just assuming it's this dress, but who knows, it might even be this lamp right here. That's for sale.

This might actually be this t-shirt right here for sale, but you just gotta be very clever with this. That is very clear and very easy to understand. Like it shouldn't take any train of thought to understand like, Oh, what's being sold here.

It should be very easy. This one. And this one, it's very easy to understand what's being sold here.

We know it's this dress because she's kind of picking it up and holding it up. And there's also like very, like all these other little things are off to the side down here. And she's a sensor of focus, uh, this particular product, again, sensor of focus.

So typically if you're gonna do a notebook, it needs to be very sensor of focus of the product itself. And then it also needs to have, um, pretty much like, you know, like very little things in it to where it's not like, Oh, could it be something else for sale now for no hook? This is probably like one of the, the probably lowest on my scale of things I test right here.

Uh, very common for me is this one. This is probably like my biggest two right here. These are the two that I test all the time.

Some cases split screen. I rarely ever do this when I rarely ever do this one. So just from a context perspective on, you know, what's, uh, what I kind of put together and stuff.

Now, next thing is image, add review. So once you actually go ahead and you do your design or you get your visuals, you get your layout, you mash all that up together, you create the final product. Uh, now we want to go over the image, add review.

And this is basically just a kind of acute, a few things that I tend to notice when I'm looking at creatives or specifically image ads that I'm like, okay, this looks like shit. And here's why. So first thing is I flow, you, you know, it's very straightforward here.

You read this first, then you read this, then this one, and then you read this last. Uh, this is super important right here. There's too many times where I'll look at an image, add and like all the text is the same color and all the text is the same size and everything's just kind of scattered around the image.

I'm like, what the fuck is being sold here? Or what is supposed to catch my attention first? So you want to make sure you create this proper flow within your image.

And typically what I'll see is, is this, this, and then this, I really don't put much at the top here just because it's a little bit more difficult, but this would be more of like your Facebook primary tax to be fair. Now, next thing is less text. Uh, you'll notice right here, ease constipation and bloating.

Here's our three little bullet points. And then boom, you can, your little CTA right here. And then, yeah, it's not much text at all.

This is the key thing with image ads. This is where so many people fucked up at with image ads. They put way too much text.

They're trying to convey way too much. They're trying to say way too much on an image ad. And then they're also trying to speak to too many people at once, one desire, one main benefit.

And then, um, if you want to go into more stuff, you send people to a longer form sales page, advertorial, then go to the product page itself. Now, next thing is contrast. Uh, contrast is huge for making images pop and you can play around contrast with the color choice you use for your text.

First off, like just an immediate one is your product. And then this is also a good one too, for contrast. So you can see the contrasting blue with these, uh, I guess it looks like, uh, cookies or bars right here.

That's, that's the first level of contrast we have. We have contrast between the blue background and then this texture here. And then this text is spaced up enough to where we have these little white boxes.

Like all of this looks good from a contrast perspective. This all looks good. I love this.

This is also a great example right here. You always want to make sure that your product has a contrasting background of whatever you shoot with. Or if you're going to put on like a graphic design background like this, it needs to have contrast.

This is a gray sweatshirt right here. If I were to go take a picture of this gray sweatshirt, I would want it on like a white background, a orange background, um, a, even a pink background. I would not want something on a gray background.

That's like, if you're call, if your product is the same colors, the background, that's just an immediate red flag. Don't fucking do it. All right.

Next one is text play. I call it text flakes. It reminds me of word play.

So here, um, kind of going back to what I did right here, you'll read this first. And then so on, you want to do the same thing with your texts. And typically when I have different texts on the screen, I bounce back and forth between big, bold font.

What I would say, I think it's called like, I forgot what it's called, but it's like all the words are just capitalized and then bounce back for big, bold font words, capitalized. Um, some words, bold it, some words, italicized. Um, some of them have like different color backgrounds like this EMS muscle toning.

Um, all of this looks good. It's, they're all having different kinds of creative styles on each text. This is huge right here.

This number one helps us direct our attention to the main thing and then kind of going down. Um, this is good. Now for me, I see this first and then I see this, then I see this, this kind of just like basically goes and like almost goes invisible to me because of this color choice right here using colored, my kind of like backgrounds behind text is huge for making them pop more.

Just be careful with it because sometimes you could highlight the wrong things in the wrong orders right there. So be very careful with that. But text play, are we adding different creative styles to each of these texts to make it pop more, um, to help make it easier for people to read.

That's really important right there for me. Now, that's pretty much all the main things here. Just some resources to gather some of these images specifically for like the image ad types.

Number one, uh, we've paid photographers. Uh, you know, like let's say for example, we're selling like a purse or like a women's handbag and we need like a girl wearing it downtown in a big city. I'll just like go call up and try to find a photographer in New York, send them the bag.

They likely know a photographer or like they likely know models already and they can take care of everything farming and boom, a little bit more on the pricier range, but that's one option. Um, another option is just going to like instance.pro hiring your content creator. And you can choose video or photo alert, just like photo.

And here's the specifics of what photos I need from you. And I would just tell them more of like these key things right here versus like, these are things, um, these are things that we can do in house with like the graphic design and stuff like that. Let's see.

And then next thing is you can pay for images on like shutter stock, story blocks, Adobe stock. So maybe like, I'm not a huge fan of using stock images, but they do have their case at some times. Maybe for example, we're going after an unaware market and we need to like showcase, I don't know, a homeowner or a house.

And then it's like, all right, cool. I don't think we'll take a picture outside of a house. I can just pull one from like shutter stock and then boom, add something to it.

But if I need to show a girl, if like six pack abs and she's using our product, then I'm just going to go like pay someone for that. Cause like we'll find on shutter stock program won't be the best. And then lastly, AI images.

Uh, I know my, my personal like video editor and stuff like that. He crushes it with AI images. He does some phenomenal stuff.

I really can't speak much on exactly what he uses, but I know he was using mid journey and I think he swapped over to chat GPT. Um, that's, uh, maybe, I don't know. He kind of bounced back and forth between the two, but I know he will use like mid journey, for example, to create things.

And then he'll create a few different things and then like stitch it all together and Photoshop to create that like final graphic. So like this AI image right here, um, he got this guy created. He got this bag created.

He Photoshopped it in his hands. He Photoshopped this background and then Photoshopped the text, but the guy and his bag were both two separate AI images. Um, he got done.

So just to kind of give you like some other context around that. Now, last thing, Canva inside of the course, like I have 25 plus templates inside of the course, you know, the course that you all have access to. So click, blink, blow for, or click that and just go into your dashboard and stuff like that.

And then Adobe Photoshop, very simple. So we'll use either one. My video editor is, or my photographer or photographic design person.

He's phenomenal with Adobe Photoshop. So he personally prefers the Photoshop. There's people that aren't that great with Adobe Photoshop and like are trying to do all this themselves.

Canva is a hundred times better for people that are beginners because they give you a ton of templates. You can already kind of plug and play. And then, like I said, if you're in my course, everyone should be inside the inner circle.

You have 25 plus templates in the course under how to, uh, I think it's how to film content, how to create content inside of there. So hopefully this helped y'all out. I try to think of every single possible objection and question around Facebook image ads.

Hopefully this kind of gives you guys more of a thorough process, thorough SOP of how we go about it. And as far as everything else, um, everything else is the same in terms of uploading them to the ad account, testing them all of those things right there. And, uh, yeah, if you have any other questions, shoot them over to me and, uh, hope you all enjoyed this.

Thank you all for watching.