Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry.

And today I have an exciting new video for you guys today. I want to talk about testing the theory behind testing, why you need to be doing testing. This comes down to creative testing, audience testing, copy testing, and I'm going to show you how to structure those things.

Um, more from a higher perspective, as I do have videos on how to set this up in the ads manager. And that can be found on the channel. If you look up like best ad account management strategy, um, just uploaded that on, I think it's what let's see nine, oh, not nine, 11, 19, 2021 on Friday, uploaded that video that that one does a really great job explaining this, but I want to go more further into just how to think around it.

So that being said, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's hop into it. So running a test and I like to say a test, cause that's how we, we kind of basically talk about it in the advertising industry, but a test is also considered an experiment and experiments.

We're going to dive back into science class, what like seventh, eighth grade and talking about experimenting. So experimenting is necessary because it provides us with information, which is not based solely on beliefs, but on facts. So we're basically saying that, Hey, I believe this creative works.

I have this happen all the time with my clients. Hey, I believe this ad works. I really want to run it like, okay, cool.

We run it does horribly communicate back with them. Hey, ad did not work. Oh, well, I thought it would do great.

I'm like, here's the facts. Here's the proof it works. Oh, okay.

Great. Versus. Okay, cool.

Yeah. Let's run it. Let's push a bunch of spin behind it.

Boom. And it doesn't work. And then you're just like, well, I thought it would work.

Well, I know me too, blah, blah, blah. Like then also running controlled experiment, running another creative behind it. That's a proven one and understanding that.

So long story behind all that, but to stay back on the video, to run a proper experiment or test, as we like to call it in the ad world, you need to understand variables at play. And this is the biggest reason why behind this video is a lot of advertisers don't understand the variables and how to control your variables. So that way you're not running.

Um, I forgot how to say it, a bad experiment, but like a contaminated experiments, essentially, uh, where you have too many unknown variables. So controlled, a controlled variable remains constant and, um, unchanged during experiments. So every experiment, you have a whole bunch of control variables, and then you have one independent.

That's the key right there. So an independent independent is the variable we're testing. So that's big to understand.

You have to understand that out of all these control variables, I can only have one that I'm going to change up to be the independent in the experiments. So variables in Facebook ads, you conversion objective, you choose the audience, the creative, the copy, the headline, the offer, the landing page experience, and the product itself. These are all variables that will affect your results as an advertiser.

And honestly, some would say there's more to this, but these are the ones we want to focus to on this video. Now, as an agency, as an advertising agency, this is the only variables we focus on. And we like to test, um, just cause one, that's our job.

It's our responsibility. This is what we're clients are paying us for audience, creative, copy, headline. And obviously, we'll do some consulting with the landing page product.

And typically we like to do one to one test a month around the landing page and the offer, the product we never change because the, the eight, you know, we work with businesses that are already profitable in our product. We're just helping them scale further. Now I want to showcase what are these variables that are highest to lowest in terms of profitability prioritization of when you should do this and when should you not, not because it's great.

Here's all the variables. Let me go test a bunch of these. And then you're going to be like, which one should I test first?

Well, this is your key right here. These is the way to prioritize these specific variables, creative, honestly, 80% of your results come from here. You're creative.

So creative copy, headline, audience, audience, very low because you've only need one or two audiences to scale the six, seven figure. So you don't need a whole bunch of audiences. I think that's a big misconception.

A lot of people have advertising headline. Honestly, the creative to grab the attention first line of copies and do a lot of attention, grabbing, um, headline now I think is actually a little bit lower. Like we're literally using just a product name for the headline and we're seeing great results with that.

Now, how do you structure these tests? We've identified that you have independent variables. You can only have one at a time control variables are things we just leave the same.

We never change. So if you're going to test a creative, the independent bear variable, the only thing we're going to change in an ad is the creative, but we're going to make sure that we run this new ad. We create with the same headline that's best performing in the account, the same copy that's best performing and the same audience that's best performing.

So we're giving this creative. The only thing we're changing is creative and we're leaving audience headline, a copy the same because we know those are already best performers. But if you introduce an ad for brand new, creative, brand new audience, brand new headline, brand new copy, you don't know which one works and which ones doesn't.

So that's very big right there to understand. Now testing copy, same thing. The independent variable is the copy.

We're putting a whole new piece of copy in there. So the only variable we're changing is copy. Now we're going to leave the audience, the same headline, the same and the creative, the same.

And yeah. And that's essentially how you test copy. So now we know if this ad does better, we know that this copy, it could be a big winner.

Now, again, it takes a little bit more time because we really want to spend on those for a period of time before we can say yes or no to it. Headline, same thing here. We're going to keep the control variable of audience, the copy, the creative, but the headline is to be only thing different and then testing audience.

So we'll basically go ahead and duplicate an ad set with our, all of our best performing ads just change the audience. We have all of our best performing ads with creative, that's working, copy, that's working headlines working. So we have all these best performing stuff.

We want to put it against a new audience and we'll test that audience and see how it works. Now, after the test is done, we need to review because reviewing is the other half, like isolating your variables, understanding control variables and constant variables. The next thing is understanding what to do after the test.

Cause that's really big right there. And not most people do it. If something work, why did it work?

Why did this creative work? If we, we put a new creative out there, how to hire click through eight, lower CPC. What is different about this variable than every other variable we've done in the account?

Um, this creative and then every other creative in the accounts big right there. Okay, cool. It's a girl holding the product versus all the other ones.

It's just a product flat on the bench. Okay, cool. That's something interesting.

That's something that maybe we can dive further into. We need to put more people in ads, you know, going ahead and working with the product, playing with the product. So let's test that next.

If something didn't work, why didn't it work? So let's say in a complete different scenario, all the other ads were the product on the bench. This one was a girl playing with the product.

Why didn't it work? Well, you're zoomed a little further back from the product. You can't quite see it.

Well, the girl's kind of distracting and honestly, it just doesn't really do it well. Then let's see, let's further test this as in like, maybe we can try and one or two more variations of a person holding product. Because we are solely believe our belief is that playing with the product or holding product is going to do better.

So we're going to test maybe one or two variations just to make sure that we completely rule this out. And then what's going to happen is when you start to take note of what works and what doesn't work, you're going to do less of what works. I mean, what doesn't work.

So if you're noticing that every ad you do, if personal and product does bad, then you just likely you won't do it. Like you're rule that out. Like, Hey, that's not something we need to focus on with ads.

If every product, every ad that you do was holding a product works, then let's dive further into it. Let's keep creating more and let's test more things. Let's have the girl with three different hooks to grab people's attention, three different hooks.

She'll say the beginning of the video. So like add one has this hook, add two, has this hook, add three, has this hook before starts playing with the product. You'll never believe what I got at face at the store yesterday.

And then she starts playing on the product and showing it off like that. Boom, grabs people's attention. Something common lately is the little speech bubble for asking a question on tick tock.

Oh my God. Where, how did you whiten your teeth so much? And then running that as an ad of that particular person responding to it.

So what you're going to do is you're going to start spawning new experiments, figuring out what worked, what doesn't, and you'll spawn more testing, what has worked and diving deeper into it, which creates more experiments. So you're not just going to do creative tests once or copy tests once or headline tests once. In fact, you're going to do creative testing weekly.

We do copy testing once or twice a month. We'll do audience testing once or twice a month and headline testing honestly once, twice a month. Creative testing though, three to four times a week.

We're launching new creative just because again, we know from a prioritization level of what drives the best results compared to everything else. And we know it's creative. So we want to have more focus around what works.

And as a business owner, you have to understand what drives your results and what doesn't. And then also what drives more results relative to everything else. And if you focus more on that, you can grow your business, scale your business faster because you have greater focus and you understand your core lead indicators to get you your lag indicator, which is your result that you're going after.

So really hope this video kind of helped you understand testing, creative copy offer and things like that and why we do testing and how to actually structure your own tests and more of than just, here's the ads manager. Here's how we do this, this, this, but more of the logic behind it. Because if you can think logically behind it and understand why we do things, not just here's how to do this, then you can also start to grow outside of your shell that you're in right now and start to expand your mindset.

And you can go ahead and test more things with the proper knowledge of how to run a test. And it's going to, it's going to kind of free. It's like, like I'll catch a fish for you.

Here you go. Or a t-shirt, a fish, and you'll, you'll never go hungry for the rest of your life. Um, that kind of little standard thinking process.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Hope you enjoyed it. I know definitely it's tough, but let me know what y'all believe on these mindset series I've kind of done over the last two or that last video in this video, or remember my next video.

Um, I have one other video that's kind of talking about like feedback loops and stuff like that. This is the type of stuff I love as a marketer. We dig deep in psychology and how people work and how people think, because then we create ads that can leverage that.

And I also love it for understanding how we think as marketers to you guys. So that way you guys can think as marketers as well. So thank you all so much for watching.

Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you so much for the support on the channel. If you're an e-com business owner and you don't want at least $25,000 a month in revenue and would love to hop on a call with us, click link below.

Uh, we'll look at your brand. We'll discuss strategy. We'll put a strategies for together for you that you can take and run with if you choose, or you'll have the option to work with us if you would like.

So make sure you click the link below to book that call. And with that being said, guys, my name is Xterio. Hope you enjoyed this video.

I'll see you guys later. Peace out.