Offers can help out with improving your Facebook ad results by making it easier for people to buy. And there's a couple different offers that we've seen work really well between percentages off to bundle deals, AOV boosters, all of those good things. And today we'll be diving into my favorite ones that you should be testing and exactly how we like to test ours.

So with that being said, let's dive into the video. So first one is just simply percentage off. We've seen this one hundreds of times now where, you know, you can go on the website and you'll see something like up to 60% off site wide, or it might be more product specific where it's like, Hey, this product specifically is 20% off.

Now, another one that we like to do is the dollar amount off. And I get questions sometimes, Nick, which one should I do? Should I do a percentage off or a dollar amount off?

And, you know, both of them right there have their unique situations. So like, let's say for example, I have a thousand dollar product and I'm giving 10% off and then I have a hundred dollar product and I'm giving, let's just say $10 off or $20 off, right? So a thousand dollar product saying 10% off doesn't sound what I would say like a large number in the people's minds.

So what we'll typically do for a higher ticket product is we do a dollar amount off. Hey, if it's a thousand dollar product, we can only give 10% off because 10% off does not sound like a high number. Then we'll say something like, Hey, a thousand dollar product.

And we're giving you a hundred dollars off today. A hundred dollars off sounds large in people's minds, even though it's the same number. Now, if we have a hundred dollar product and we're saying, Hey, $20 off today, $20 does not sound large.

So we'll might say something like 20% off instead, even though it's both the same amount of number, but it's 20% off just sounds larger than $20 off just due to the mental kind of consumer psychology from there. So depending on the scenario, we'll either do a dollar amount off or a percentage off. And it really just comes down to the end of the day, which one sounds larger.

Now the next one is free trial. I don't really see too many e-com products that works well with a free trial, but I know like Amazon, for example, has their like free trial, you know, the, like, like a wardrobe in the center right there, where you almost like try on before you buy. That's a great example of free trial.

Another thing you can look at is if you sell an info product, maybe you give the first free, like, let's say it has 10 lessons. You give the first lesson completely for free to give people some type of thing. They can start to trot out a little bit before they actually take action with you.

Another great example could be like those colognes that you go in, like the mall are like perfumes and stuff, or like they'll give you just a little like scratch thing of perfume or cologne. It's where you can like try it out for like one day. That's a great example.

So anything you can do to give people that opportunity to try it before they buy it works really well. I completely understand with e-com, it becomes really hard, but let's just say for example, you're selling a supplement and a supplement comes in like a 30 day supply. Well, maybe you did like a free, like one or two day trial of it and people just have to pay for shipping.

So like think about like when you go to like a GNC, for example, and they give you like a little sample packet or pre-workout. Well, maybe you could do something around where it's like, Hey, here's two or three of those sample packets. And the only thing you have to do is pay like the 499 or 599 for shipping.

And that makes it easier for people to buy because it removes more risk off of them. And then if your product is actually good, well, guess what? They're going to keep coming back and purchasing over and over.

So that's when you can start looking at the retention rate of those offers and see if it's long-term profitable or not. Now, next one is free gift when you purchase. So let's say for example, you purchase a particular product.

So like, let's just say for example, you know, I run a clothing brand and anytime someone purchases this particular pair of jeans, because it's a higher ticket pair of jeans, then I'm going to give them a free t-shirt for like just an example. We had one particular client for Black Friday where we gave out a free t-shirt that was a limited run for like the first, first, I think 100 people that purchased. And it was a limited edition t-shirt that a lot of people wanted.

And this particular brand never did a t-shirt before. So it worked really well for getting them to jump in the store and want to buy. So free products can be really good too, because let's just say for example, you know, we can do like, we have a hundred dollar product and we can do like $20 off, right?

And that's going to cost us $20 or 20% off for, you know, it costs us roughly about $20. If we give like a 20% off or $20 off a hundred dollar product. Let's say if we could find a product that may only cost us two or $3 in cost of goods and has a high perceived value over 20% off, that's going to make it much better of an offer.

Then let's just say, for example, offering a 20% off or 10% off or $20 off or something like that. Sometimes these products can have a high perceived value with very, very low cost of goods, what actually makes it a more appealing offer when they purchase that particular product. Now here's another variation, basically a free gift.

When you purchase, you know, a certain product, this is free gift when you spend X. So this particular example right here, you know, I think I've seen this with Avi. They did a very good job with this where they had a few different spin thresholds, right?

So if you spend $50, you get a free protein shaker. If you spend a hundred dollars, you get a free protein shaker and a free t-shirt. And if you spend $150, you get protein shaker, t-shirt and free shipping.

So you get three different things based off you spending X amount. Now, to be fair, I'm not a super big fan of this one. This is probably one that I, you know, I don't really do often, but it does still work really well.

Now, next one is free shipping. And to be fair here, I think free shipping just is like a expectation now when people buy from your store. So I don't really see this as a great offer anymore.

Now, next one is free shipping on orders above a certain amount. Kind of the same thing here. I just don't like free shipping in general.

It just, it's not appealing anymore because literally everyone has it. Then you have like Amazon Prime, for example, where it's free fast shipping and stuff like that. So what I typically find is just offering the free shipping from the start and bake that cost in your cost of goods and stuff like that.

So that's where you charge a little bit more of that product. And that'll always convert better than offering some type of level of shipping. Plus whatever you got to charge for your product.

Now buy one, get one free. I'm super bullish on this one right now. This has been working extremely well for a lot of our clients right now between clothing and just supplements and a few other like various students as well.

Buy one, get one free, buy two, get one free, buy three, get one free. What I recommend you doing is testing something simple where it's like buy two, get one free. See how that converts.

And if it converts really well, then test buy three, get one free. And then if that converts really well, do buy four and get one free. I'm making it more difficult by keep bumping it up, but I'm also want to test the limits here.

So we had one particular client where, you know, we did buy two, get one free, worked really well. So we just swapped them a buy three, get one free. And it's working even better because it now our AOV went from like $80 to like a hundred dollars almost.

So because of that right there, we have more margin now to play with, and we can actually have a higher cost per acquisition with Facebook and still be profitable at the end of the day. So part of my goal with this one here is I want to increase that AOV as much as possible with this particular offer. Now here's one I'm really not like happy with, but it's on the list because it has worked where instead of buying one, get one free or buying two, get one free.

You can do something where it's like, Hey, you buy one, you get one 50% off. Again, not a super big fan of this one, but I have seen it work. It's, you know, on the lower list of offers that we'll test now, bundle and save.

This is another great one right here. I really like built BYLT. They have a lot of really great examples of bundle and save where instead of like creating, you know, like something about app or something like that, where it's like, Hey, you know, add three to the cart and you can save a little bit of money.

I like to go create separate product listings where it has all three together. So like, let's say for example, I'm, I'm, I'm run like a clothing brand with a bunch of different pairs of pants. Instead of doing like, Oh, Hey, if you bundle three pairs of pants together, you save a little bit of money.

I rather go out there and do, okay, here's the bundles page. Oh, here's the buy three pair of pants bundle. And then I have that bundle.

And then each variation of that I select is just like the different color of each pants that works a lot better than just trying to tell people and communicate that to people on the single product listings. I like to just drive traffic to that bundle offer. And then there you go.

Um, and then usually can do anywhere. It's kind of typically what I've seen work really well is anywhere between 10 to 30% off for like that save route right there. So now you got to see all these amazing offers and you're probably wondering, okay, Nick, what is the best way to test these offers?

Now, personally, for me, I don't really include any offers in ads, like all my ads, like, let's just say, for example, we sell jeans and stuff like that. And like at the end of the ad, like a lot of people put the call to action and be like, Hey, 50% off the next 24 hours. Uh, what I like to do is just simply do, Hey, like, you know, make your legs look great again, click, you know, buy a pair of these denim pants today and send people to traffic.

I don't like to include offers in the ads because that's not the goal of the ad. The goal of the ad is to get our cold audience to people onto the website when the website is where they'll find out about these different offers. And that allows me the ability to just swap the offers here and there and see what works better than other.

So like, let's say for example, Monday, I'll swap a new offer on the website. This may be website specific, like the whole website. This may be product specific.

This may be collection specific. It really just depends on the scenario there and what I'm looking to test. And then from there, I'll just literally go swap the offer.

And what I'll do is I'll record down Monday, new offer swapped, and I'll see how those next couple of days go. And if the performance is better on the PNL side and the Facebook side, then cool. Let's let it roll.

If it's worse after about three to seven days, then I'm going to pull that offer off, put it back to originally was that. And then that's it. Like that's simplest way to test these offers.

I find a lot of people, they overcomplicate this process of testing and they'll just keep delaying, delaying, delaying, delaying. And it's just like, yo, I'm fucking spending more than you because I'm willing to just go take action right then and there and get it done. Whereas like you've been contemplating the last three, four weeks and the best way to test the offer.

I've already tested four offers while you're still like contemplating how to test the first one. Just keep it very simple and performance is bad. Put it back to the original offer.

Just give it at least three days. So it needs a little bit of time to kind of marinate in the market and optimize a little bit, but yeah, hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you want me to run your Facebook ads and you're doing over a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue, click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads. If you're doing less than a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue and you want me to mentor you, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. Thank y'all so much for watching.

Hope you have a great year to see y'all day. My name is Nick Terrio and peace out.