So when we work with clients, ideally we work with a client doing roughly around 100K a month. And then our whole goal is to scale this client to a million dollars a month as fast as possible. And when we've came in now and we've helped, I think what, five or six clients now scale to a million dollars a month.

Out of doing all these clients and helping these clients out, I've kind of identified a couple Facebook ads that if we test these in these order, it gives us our highest possible chance of hitting that $1 million a month goal. Again, only 1% of businesses hit $1 million a month. And we've helped 6% of our clients hit $1 million a month.

So we have a 6% greater chance hitting $1 million a month than technically you just going out and trying to do it on your own. And I would say that these Facebook ads, these particular creatives in this particular order, part of us helping us hitting that chance to the greatest ability. So without further ado, here's these Facebook ads that you need to test in this specific order to scale fast.

We'll start off first with our aware stage. So if you've been watching a channel for a while, you'll know that this is all around the market awareness, particular creatives. You know, you want to go and study market awareness first, have plenty of videos on the five stages of market awareness, study those first before you kind of consume the rest of this because it won't make much sense if you don't really know.

But yeah, so here's some of the ads that will test for aware, where we'll take an already existing sale that's happening on their website and just rebrand it as something new. Pre-Valentine's Day sale, Valentine's Day sale, post-Valentine's Day sale, spring is almost here sale, clearance sale, season closeout sale. That's assuming that there's already an offer on the website and we'll just rebrand it as new.

Offer ending soon. So whatever offer that we rebranded, we're also going to launch it as, hey, this offer is ending soon as well. If there's designs on the website or prox on the website that we're trying to get rid of, this design will go for a way forever when sold out.

Next one, only 100 pieces available. If we launch a new product or just take an already existing product, it's working really well. Just tell people, hey, like there's only 100 pieces available left for this particular product and then new design added.

Anytime we launch a new design, new product, let's start pushing some of those ads to that new product as well. So very easy things, like I said, it's that aware stage where it's like, these are simple creatives to create. And then next stage, we'll move on is to product aware.

So we're gonna start building the funnel up from the closest to the money to the biggest part of the money. Now we're gonna move to product aware. And this is gonna be more of like things that, you know, are trust building ads to help out with the buying process.

So, you know, objections, right? Call out an objection in the hook and then use the rest of that ad to answer that objection. Questions.

What questions do people have? Make an ad for each question. Just like objections, make an ad for each objection, make an ad for each question, calling out that objection or that question in the hook and then answering it in that particular ad right there.

The TikTok reply to comment feature is phenomenal for this. I love using objection and question, question ads, put the question or objection in the TikTok reply to comment and then just simply make a video addressing that. Testimonials, very straightforward, you know, highlight a testimonial.

It can be a video testimonial. It can be a photo testimonial. Just highlight testimonials.

Authority. Any authority pieces you have, whether it was like you bought promos and like different, I don't know if you don't know, like all those Forbes articles that people have. All those are fake.

People just pay like, I think it's like $2,500 and you get listed on Forbes. Yahoo Finance, I think it's like $100. So like you can pay for a lot of these promos and that way you can have like as seen on a hundred something dollars, you know, for some of these lower levels like Yahoo Finance.

Other products similar. So for example, we're going to go into solutionware a little bit, but other products similar. Let's say, for example, like my inner circle.

I know a lot of people now have inner circles and I can literally do like what makes my inner circle different versus others. Like I actually do the one-on-one calls with my students, whereas other people have coaches that do inner circle calls for those people. So I actually do the inner circle calls for mine.

So all product-aware content. Now I know a lot of people are probably already asking aware ads and product-aware. This is more like retargeting style content.

Am I running this in a separate campaign? Am I retargeting a specific audience? And that's both.

Now, both of these are launched as just normal ads in my campaign that if you watch how to test Facebook ads in 2025, in that video right there, I launched just new ad sets in a CBO on broad targeting. I'm still launching these on broad targeting because they're creative creates the audience. And I know that that creative is going to appeal to my retargeting people.

And I don't even have to worry about setting the targeting up. Now we're going to go solution-aware. So we started closest to money.

We're kind of midway now. Solution-aware, we're going to call out basically, hey, if someone's looking for a mentor for Facebook ads, then cool. Hey, Facebook ads, monthly mentoring program.

Boom. And then the other thing is let's call out other solutions people may be using. Again, not other products, other solutions.

So for example, if you want to make more money, one solution could be get a nine to five. Another solution could be start a business. Another solution could be start trading.

Whereas, other products similar could be, I want to start a Airbnb investing business. And here's three different Airbnb investing courses. So that's the difference between a solution and a course.

Just want to be very clear on that. So let's just say, for example, people are still watching free content on YouTube to learn how to scale their Facebook ads. Then I literally call out, hey, are you still trying to learn Facebook ads or free YouTube content?

Cut down your time to learn by working with a proven coach directly. How hours is cheaper? Hey, are you still flying to masterminds to learn Facebook ads?

Save money by working with a proven coach directly over Zoom. How hours provides more benefits. Hey, are you still taking courses to learn Facebook ads?

Get real feedback on your ads with a proven coach. So, basically just highlighting you get more benefits from it. Now, how hours provides X without the solution they hate.

This is actually an example I remember from back in the day when I was trying to scale my Facebook ads agency. I remember watching a webinar. I was like, how to land agency clients without sending hundreds of cold emails a day.

Which is something I hated. And then I can go into, you know, then the solution right there. Start a YouTube channel.

Get you a lot of clients for your agency. So, here, where, product aware, solution aware. And, you know, we're building up that funnel.

Now, we're going to go to problem aware. And then here, all we're going to do is just call up the problem and then introduce the solution. Hey, is your Facebook ads performance down?

We've been able to double our ROAS by simply literally just testing new creatives every week. And then, the other thing is introduce a new way to solve that problem. Hey, is your Facebook ad performance down?

In less than 20, we can solve that Facebook ad performance in less than 24 hours with the fat cat method. So, this is for just a little bit more of a sophisticated marketplace, whereas this is for a less sophisticated marketplace. And there's a ton of people calling out, hey, is your Facebook ad performance down?

Then, this one, you would want to try to introduce a new mechanism to bad Facebook ad performance. That's all you want to do. And there might be a lot of different problems that you can call out and then attach it.

Just do one problem per ad. That's where a lot of people fuck up at with this. Now, problem aware.

Now, we're going to move to unaware, which I think is like, this is the one where 90% of your advertising rely on in terms of like how much people you can reach, how much money can be made is in the unaware ads. And it's also the last one because it's the most difficult to crack. This is significant money to be made in the unaware market, but also to take significantly longer to crack.

It's the most difficult one to crack. Like aware, for example, you can create that ad in like five minutes. For me, I spent four hours the other night writing an unaware ad.

Four hours for one ad. Whereas an aware ad, like I said, took me like five minutes. I can pump out a couple of them real quick.

So, two ways to open up an unaware market, big win or hidden fear. I have a full YouTube video on this called the most scalable Facebook ad in 2024. Five, where I go very detailed in how to create great unaware ads.

But let's just say, for example, big win, how I added $50,000 a month to my Shopify store with this little trick. So, I'll call this out. Then I can go to the problem of bad Facebook ad performance.

Then the solution of testing new creatives. Then the product, which could be learn how to create really good creatives with Nick's inner circle. Then the aware, which is like, hey, we're doing 20% off today.

Hidden fear. I almost had to get a nine to five and shut down my Shopify store until I did this. Problem, Facebook ad performance was down.

Solution, better creatives. Product, Nick's Facebook ads course. You know, aware.

He's offering $500 off today. So, again, watch my video on, obviously, five stages of market awareness for all of these, but also to watch my video on the most scalable Facebook ad in 2015, or 2025. And that's where we'll really hit on that unaware market right there.

And like I said, aware, it's going to be the easiest to sell to. It's going to get you your fastest wins in the account, whereas unaware is going to be the hardest, but it's also going to give you, make you the most money due to how large that market is right there. And all of the accounts that we've seen scale to 100K plus a day, like it's really, really good unaware ads.

So thank you all for watching, so much for watching. Make sure you hit the like button, hit up subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.