Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I want to discuss five Facebook advertising myths that people are still, I think, operating on and it's just old beliefs, myths, things like that that are just not applicable anymore. So with that being said, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into it. So the first myth is that the more you spend, the more audiences and ad sets you need inside of an ad account.

So back in 2019, early 2020, when I got my first e-com clients and basically we're spending like a thousand dollars a day right there and you know, wow, thousand dollars a day. Look, that's not shit anymore compared to what we're spending now. And again, that's a process right there.

I spent, my first ad account was $5 a day. Now we're spending the most we've ever spent a day for a long period of time is $22,000 a day. Long story short, back, back to the story, uh, spending a thousand dollars a day, going up to 3,000, 4,000, $5,000 today for this brand that we're scaling hard.

And I have this conception that, Hey, I need a whole bunch of audiences. Like we need to keep fattening up the account, adding in a bunch of audiences and things like that. And you know, I had this conception that the more you spend, the more ad sets you need.

And that's very, very false. In fact, all of our accounts now we are have one campaign, not necessarily one campaign in general, but one campaign per business objective. And again, that's another video later, but basically like, let's say for example, for a clothing brand springtime right now, we release a new spring collection.

Okay. We'll create one new, one campaign, you know, spring collection, and it will have one audience, one ad set inside of it. And that ad set is 99% of the time broad.

So that's just gender location and age. That's it. Men USA 25 to 55.

And we're pushing all of our spring collection ads in a specific campaign. Okay. And yeah, that's it.

So we've actually been able to spend a lot more in this strategy right here, because we're getting a lower CPM, we're getting less auction overlap and due to less auction out overlap, we get better CPM, which better CPM equates to a lower CPC. And we're constantly focused on creative. So we're getting a better CTR due to creative focus.

And it's allowed us to spend a lot more. Okay. So this strategy works in a sense right there.

You don't need 15 ad sets. You don't need 20 ad sets. You need one audience.

And when you don't see performance in that audience right there, it's not the audience. It's the freaking creative. Go out there, test creative fast, test three new creatives every single day until you get performance back up.

If you have to, we've done that before as well. You know, the account's not in good standing. We're pushing new creative out every single day until we find new winners.

And then we're, you know, bringing performance back up to where it needs to be. Okay. So that's it.

I've audited accounts recently. I've seen an ad account with 20 ad sets, all with the same ads, all of the same audiences. And it was going basically off this ideology, which we're going to get into a second about multiple different ad sets and each one's in a different placement in the algorithm.

Look, when you're spending five to $10 a day, yes, you might get a sell on one ad set and not no, no sells on another because you're spending so little Facebook just hasn't hit that right audience yet, but we're spending 5,000, 10,000, a hundred, even a hundred dollars a day on one audience versus 20 bucks a day on five audiences. You're going to, that's not going to be legit anymore because you're spending so much. You're hitting people a lot faster and it's a lot on Facebook to learn quicker of who works.

So there's no reason at all for more ad sets in your skeleton campaign. Okay. Secondly, yes, it's okay.

If look broad doesn't work for your account, if you can't get it to work and you're testing broad and get your best performing creatives, it's not working and you're seeing one or two other audiences that are working really well, look, see if you can stack them together. So like for us, if an account doesn't work on broad yet, which we do have like one or two accounts of all the accounts we manage, it doesn't work well in broad yet. What we do is we stack all of our interests in one ad set and all of our lookalikes in that one ad set.

So our CBO campaign will be primary broad, but then also to my number, uh, look like ad set and interest ad set. And broad doesn't work. We'll just turn it off and just focus on those interests and lookalikes ad sets.

And guess what? The lookalikes doesn't work. Boom.

And the interest is just working. We're just running one CBO, one interest ad set with all of our best performing ads. And that's it right there.

So just to show you that situation as well. So myth number two is that you need to duplicate your ads and your ad sets to basically get a better placement or a better section of that audience. And in fact, I've actually created a YouTube video on this a while back and due to the, what you don't know, just, you know, what you don't know now is what you don't know.

That's a better methodology for saying that at the time I just didn't know what I didn't know. That's, that's it right there. And I used to believe this as well.

Like I said, I've even created a YouTube video on this, but it's actually quite false. And that is that if you create, let's say one ad set, duplicate it twice in a CBO and Facebook will figure out the best. Like basically there's a theory that when you create an ad set, Facebook circles a little pool within a big pool.

All right. That big pool is all the people we can target. And that ad set is targeting this people.

But if you create another ad set, it'll target another group of people in that pool. That's the myth. It's actually quite false.

So do not duplicate a bunch of ad sets and ads to try to get a different placement or like each one of a different performance on that side right there. Okay. All that's going to do is diversify your spin, make it harder for Facebook to optimize and long periods of time.

It's not sustainable. Okay. Yes.

You might get lucky. You might final, you might get a winning ad from your creative testing. And then you duplicate a few times and you might see like one ad set perform better than the other, but over time, they're all going to do the same in that sense right there.

So it's a bad practice on Facebook. You do not need to do any more. Again, it was a myth and something I even did.

And I realized, Hey, it does not do anything for performance and going down the route of just one audience, one ad or, you know, one ad set, one winning ad set, instead of duplicating it five times, just having one versus five and then having just our best performing ads versus three different duplications of our best performing ads. It's going to convert significantly better than trying to create all these duplicate audiences and stuff like that. So duplication does not help at all in that sense right there.

Now, myth number three is that scaling is this big, hard, complex thing. Okay. And it's actually far from the truth.

Scaling is actually very, very easy. Okay. I've managing, you know, for one account right now, one of our accounts right now, we're spending $11,000 a day.

Now I'm spending the same amount of time and attention on that account as I'm spending on another account right now, I'm spending $300 today. Okay. There's no difference.

The only difference is zero and things move quicker. Okay. And what I mean by things move quicker is that we have more budget to test.

So instead of five ads a week, we can test 20 ads a week. Okay. So bringing it back, scaling is not hard.

It's simply just spending more on profitable ads. So one campaign, one or two winning audiences and all of your winning ads inside those ad sets. And those winning ads come from your creative testing campaign.

It's a very, very simple procedure right there. Okay. When you're scaling, it actually comes down very simple.

You need a really good product product. Okay. Really good product.

People want to be able to create and test new creatives every single week, anywhere from three to 20 to 50, just however much you can test. Um, the more you can test per week, the more of a change you'll find new winning ads. And the more new winning ads you create, the faster you can scale and the higher you can scale in that center right there.

When you find those new winning ads, you put them in your scaling campaign and boom, you increase budget. So scaling is actually very easy. The hard part is the creative testing and building out new ads every single week.

That is the hard part right there. Okay. Actual scaling in the ad account structure.

Very, very simple, very easy, not difficult at all. Now myth number four is that when you basically go ahead and add in a new ad sets or a new ad into an ad set, that's already inactive. It will put it in learning and performance will go to shit.

Okay. Look, it is true. It will go into learning when you add in a new ad into an ad set.

So like this happens all the time because the way we do it is we creative testing campaign, scaling campaign, two separate campaigns, winning ads from our creative testing campaign. We drop into our, um, ad set or ad sets that are winning in our scaling campaign right there. So when we do that, those ad sets usually go or ad set or ad sets usually go back into learning and people always freaking out on my YouTube channel about this.

My okay. It's completely okay because we've never seen performance go down unless we basically took an ad, didn't do creative testing first, just dropped into a scaling campaign. And that ad performed horribly because it's not a proven ad and just, it's just a bad ad.

Okay. And we drop it in there, not knowing it's a bad ad because we didn't test it first and performance is just bad on that ad and performance goes down. Okay.

So that's what you have to do. Creative testing first, low budget before we put a big budget behind it to ensure that performance, uh, that ad works. Okay.

So yes, it will reset it into learning phase, but performance will not go down. I've never experienced that before. I said, unless I put a bad ad or untested ad, that's a bad ad inside of a main scaling campaign.

It's the only time we've ever run into that issue. Now, myth number five is that you have to scale at 20% per day. This is false as well.

Okay. And I think people have this conception in their mind, this belief that you start a campaign a hundred bucks a day with some ads and boom, you find they're working. Now it's going to do 20% every day.

Boom, boom, boom. Okay. That's cool.

It works, but there's a lot of times where I have to literally double a budget and yeah, that's it. I'll take a campaign. I'll either duplicate it at a higher rate, or I'll just take that campaign and go inside of that campaign, like inside that CBO and just double the budget from a hundred to 200 bucks a day.

Okay. I'm in a position a lot of times where a client will approach me and say, Hey, Nick, we're starting off at a thousand dollars a day. All right, cool.

Let's do it. Start off at a thousand dollars a day. And I got to keep testing creatives and new ads until we get to a profitable KPI at that level.

And then I got to push it hard 20% a day, or I might duplicate that campaign at a five to 10 X budget, or I might just go in and change that a thousand to 2000. Boom. People believe that Facebook's is very like delicate thing.

And if you go by 21%, it's going to break it and you're not going to get any results anymore. It's actually very false. You know, once you figure out the limits of Facebook ads and you actually find a winning ad, like I say this, I'm going to say this over and over and over when you have winning ads, I've taken an account, I've taken a CBO campaign, go from a thousand to 3000 because it was full of winning ads.

They were converting very good and boom. Oh, well, Nick, you didn't do 20%. Oh, Nick, why didn't you just duplicate the campaign?

Cause guess what? It was full of winning ads. And when you know the rules and where you can break the rules, you can, yes, everything went back into learning.

Cool. I'm not worried about it because the ads were working. Okay.

When an ad is working and it's going better than your KPI. So like, let's say for example, you want a two extra row ass. Okay.

And you're getting a four row ass or three or four X row ass. You need some really good results based off a few days of performance as well. Cause some of you guys get one day of a three X row ass on $10 a spin and like, all right, cool.

I got one sell $10 and spend them. We go to a hundred bucks a day. No, that's not how it works.

You need a few days of really good performance. Okay. When you get those few days of good performance, you're like, Hey, these ads are pervert converting really good.

Let's put some more spin. Let's try a five to 10 X variable. Okay.

If you want to go really aggressive, if you want to go small, aggressive, then just duplicate it, double the budget. So from a hundred bucks a day to 200 bucks a day and see how that performs. Okay.

So it's not, Facebook's not this delicate thing. You know, let's say for example, this is also where it comes down to client goals too. Okay.

So if the client comes up to me and says, Hey Nick, we're spending a thousand dollars a day right now. I want to go up to $2,000 by the end of the month. Okay.

I have 30 days to go from a thousand dollars a day to $2,000 a day. That's it. That's all the client wants.

Okay. Because sometimes you guys are believing that, and again, it's going to be different for everyone. Okay.

If you're drop shipping online, you don't have inventory, you can afford to scale ridiculously hard, quick. When you have inventory in stock, you got to look at, Hey, cool. It'd be great to scale a 3,000 or $4,000 a day right now, but we won't have the inventory to supply that.

So we also have to look at that right there. So if a client's only like, Hey, we're crushing it at a thousand dollars a day, let's go to $2,000 a day. And I'm giving you all enough to get there.

It's mostly because of the inventory as well. You have to look at, you have to keep that in mind. Okay.

So I'm looking at inventory. Boom. Look, I'm not going to double the budget to $2,000 a day.

I'm just going to do a 20% increase. So you also have to look at the situation right there. You know, how hard do I need to scale?

How much time do I have? About 30 days is to double budget. I'm going to do 20% a day.

Okay. I might even do 10% every three days. I just, you've got to do the math and figure it out.

If I have two days to go to from a thousand to 2000, guess what? I'll probably just increase budget by 500 bucks one day. And the second day increased by another 500 bucks.

If I have two days to go from a thousand to 5,000, guess what? I'm going to duplicate that campaign and create a new one at $4,000 a day and run that. So it depends on the situation right there, but you don't have to scale at 20% a day and that's it.

Okay. And if likelihood, if you have a strong winning ad, you can afford to scale faster and use these more aggressive approaches, but you have to have a winning ad. Okay.

And a strong winner. How do you find a strong winner, Nick? Go watch my other videos on audience research and building creatives and build creative assets.

It's going to serve your brand for a long period of time versus these short little, these creatives that are just, you know, creatives that actually show power and grab attention and really, you know, I feel like reach down to those desires of your ideal audience and really get them to want to purchase your product. That's the creatives that's going to convert versus these just little white background, but a t-shirt right there. Hey, 20% off today.

Like that's not going to convert. Cold doesn't really hit me hard. Things like that.

Yada, yada, yada. So yeah, guys, five advertising myths in 2022. There's a few things I want to cover.

Hope this kind of provides some value to you guys. As always, it's always what I strive to do for as much value as I can to you guys. Thank y'all so much for watching this video.

If you're an e-com business owner doing at least $50,000 per month in revenue, click link below to book call with me and my team. We'll hop on a call together. We'll put a strategy together for you.

You'll have the option to take that strategy and run with it. Or you have the option to work with us if you choose. Now, if you're making less than $50,000 per month, then click that subscribe button and keep watching these videos because they're engineered to make you more money.

And I do have a course coming soon. I'm going to be dropping a video soon on the details of it. I just want to make sure I'm really aligned with our offer and everything and serving you guys to the most.

And then I'm going to go ahead and film it all together and publish it for you guys. But stay tuned for information on that. Without a doubt, I just want to make sure that if I do go the course route, I do not sacrifice the quality of these videos because this is what I love to do.

I love to provide you guys a really high def, you know, just really good quality content that kind of separates me from all the other gurus online. So the course, that's where I want to make sure it's really powerful, impactful to you guys and doesn't sacrifice any quality from these videos. So that's my biggest thing of why I'm taking a little bit longer because I want to make sure I position it correctly for you guys to serve y'all the highest ability in that sense right there.

So guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.