How do you create Facebook video ads that scale? Well, today I'm going to take you through my process of which I follow where we'll actually go do a little bit of research, create a script that I sent off to either my video editor or to a UGC content creator that allows us to get content back that we can put in the ad account and start scaling. So that being said, let's dive right into it.

So as I mentioned, I'm going to actually do this live today and I'm just going to pick a random product and I just, I don't know why, AG1 popped up in my head when I thought about actually doing this together. So first thing I like to do when I start, what I would say researching is understanding a little bit more about the product. So, you know, let's just say, for example, AG1 right here, we want to actually market and sell this in our business.

Well, the first thing I got to know is first understanding the product itself. And then through that, I like to look at a few different things. I like to understand what do people want?

Why do people buy this? Who's the type of people that are buying this? What type of competition is there around this?

All of those good things right there. So I can kind of understand, you know, what the awareness level is, what the sophistication level is, and what the desire is. Now, I first like to understand my customer and the product and everything around it before I start moving over to, for example, awareness and sophistication and desire.

But these are all key things I have to understand before I can start writing my hook. Then I can write my script. Then I can send that over to editing team and all that good stuff.

So first things first, let's just kind of dive into this. And I'm going to kind of keep this short. So it probably won't be like the most perfect script, but I'm at least going to take you through my process to where you can kind of go through this.

So first thing I like to look at is reviews. I'll always like to look at reviews on my own assets first. When a lot of our clients come into our agency, they're only roughly around 100K a month, and we help them scale to a million dollars a month.

So they usually already have a couple reviews that we can review on their website. If you maybe do dropshipping, then this might be looking at like AliExpress, CJ dropshipping, or AutoDS, whatever you personally use. And just first understand why people are buying the product.

Also too, if you do do dropshipping and you don't have any reviews, or you sell a product ethically, and you have like a brand new website and everything like that, you can just go look at like Amazon supplements, for example. So if you have like a green powder or something like that, you could just simply just go and just like find a couple on Amazon. And the first thing I like to do, like I said, who's buying, why they're buying, what they're trying to achieve, what they're struggling with, what are other products they've tried and failed with, like all of those types of questions.

That's things I want to understand, because it gives me things that I can actually leverage to write my ad script. So just kind of reading like this review real quick. This is a very, very long review.

Let's actually be lazy with this just because why not? And I want to actually go and open up, let's just say ChatGPT, for example. ChatGPT or Claude.

I'm personally a bigger fan of Claude, but I know more people have access to ChatGPT. So I'm going to use ChatGPT. Here is a review for my product.

Please tell me more about my ideal customer. There we go. So without even reading this wrong as review, there's a couple of things I've noticed here.

So obviously I would still recommend reading it first, but just because of time constraints of not making this a four hour long video. Yes, the other day, I literally spent four hours writing one Facebook video ad script. So for me, I'll spend anywhere between 30 minutes to a couple hours writing one Facebook video ad script.

So just being very clear there. Quick couple things real quick. So this is postpartum individuals.

If you don't know what that is, it's people who literally just started to biotemographic. Oh, postpartum individuals. It's people who just had like childbirth and stuff like that.

Let's see. Personal traits. Open mind.

All right. This gives me a lot. Please give me one customer avatar and what they are trying to achieve with this product.

I don't need all of these. Just give me one specifically one. There we go.

Here's where we go. Cool. Sarah.

Obviously, it's not like legitly Sarah, but it does gives me a couple of things. All right. Goals.

Feel more energetic. I really like this one. Feel more energetic, vibrant to keep up with your baby and household responsibilities.

Motivation. Cerebralisa. Take care of her.

Health is essential to being the best mom she can be. Pain points. Low energy.

Skeptism. She's hesitant about trying new supplements. Also.

Okay. Budget. Health product helps.

Sarah's transformation. Okay. Cool.

Now, what I'm going to do here is what are write me 10 big promise hooks using this info. So here, once we have this, what's going to happen is now that we have what I would say like kind of a avatar right here, then I can do is I can get some big promise hooks using this. So let's just see.

Let's see a couple of these. So regain your energy and confidence postpartum without sacrificing precious time with your baby. That's a really good solution aware one because it's talking about regain energy and confidence postpartum.

Whereas another one tired of feeling run down after pregnancy, that'd be a little bit more problem aware and then feel vibrant, balanced, and less bloated in just minutes a day. Perfect for busy moms. Say goodbye to postpartum bloating and sugar cravings.

Feel like yourself again. Your ultimate postpartum recovery companion tackle. Finally, a solution for moms who want to kickstart their health without complicated routines.

So I don't like this right here. Kickstart their health because that doesn't give me anything I can visualize. Packed with vitamins, probiotics, ethylene strength helps you thrive.

Again, just more focused on the product. It's not really focused on what people want to achieve. So the biggest thing that I want to focus on with a hook is I really want to understand is what do people want?

And the hook needs to call that out. So people don't want to improve their health. That's a very basic level, low, what I would say, like there's different desires people have and just saying stuff like improve your health.

It's a very low motivation. Whereas broken leg question mark, here's how to fix it. You're going to have a significantly higher motivation because like that's going to be extremely painful.

So say goodbye to postpartum bloating and sugar cravings. Feel like yourself again. I do like this one because it's calling about bloating and postpartum bloating could actually be a really big one right there.

But feel like yourself again. That's that's actually not bad. That's not bad right there.

I do like this one to regain your energy and confidence will form without sacrifice or pressure on your baby. Okay. I feel like there's something we can do with this.

Drummoms, you're feeling healthier, lighter and more confident starting today. Feel great from inside out. Obviously, if I have more research done, just like to give you context, like a proper research routine, what I'd be doing here is I'd be going to like TikTok.

I'd be going on Reddit, YouTube. I'd be wanting to look at all the different green powders. Who's the types of people that's using the green powders?

Then I'd be understanding what do people hate about other power or powders on the marketplace and stuff like that. Like all of those are key things there that I'd be looking for in that sense. So I do like this hook.

So I'm just going to kind of write this hook down real quick. Regain your energy and confidence postpartum without sacrificing precious time with your baby. So I'm actually going to rewrite this a little bit.

And what I'm going to do here is, okay, we got a hook. Regain your energy and confidence postpartum without sacrificing precious time with your baby. I do like this hook, but it seems kind of bland.

So we're actually going to kind of like rework this a little bit. We're going to do something here called POV. You started taking AG1 and now your energy and confidence is back after giving birth three weeks ago.

POV, you started taking AG1. Now your energy is back after giving birth three weeks ago. Let me just come there and put this into chat GPT.

See what they kind of say with that. Ooh, this is actually a pretty good one. POV, you're three weeks postpartum and AG1 is the reason your morning's so productive and not exhausting.

That's a good one right there. And we can actually dig into a pain point right there. POV, you're three weeks postpartum of AG1, the reason your morning's so productive, not exhausting.

Great. So now we have our hook. Now, this is something I just want to really kind of classify real quick is when we first get our hook, the hook is my first sentence of my script.

I don't know why people think the hook is just what goes on the screen and not what the first sentence is. And like they have a different first sentence that are script and what's on the screen. And then just like, it's like, look, start off first.

Here's my hook. Now, my next thing is to write my second sentence. The whole goal with the first sentence is to get you to read the second sentence.

And the whole goal with the second sentence is to get you to read the third sentence. You want to kind of keep layering it down. So for me here, I wrote my first sentence.

Now, what is my goal with this ad? My goal with this ad is to call out an ideal audience, imply a benefit, intrigue curiosity, and then get my right audience to click on this ad to go to the sales page where they learn more about AG1 and actually buy AG1 itself. So for me, we actually called out our ideal audience.

We're implying a benefit and we're intriguing curiosity because we're going after a market that doesn't know what AG1 is. That's also why I like calling it AG1 because I'm not saying green powder. I'm just saying AG1.

AG1 is this new mechanism we're introducing in the marketplace. So now that we're introducing a new mechanism, we need to go and kind of highlight this particular mechanism. You know, we grab their attention.

Now we need to highlight and bridge that gap. So, you know, your ad calls out the audience, shows them what they want. And then your ad links.

The rest of the ad's goal is to link people to your product. You got that right person now. Now we just need to simply tell a story that's going to link them directly to our product that we want.

Now let's go into it. And again, I like to tell a story here. That's my first one.

So when I first start to write, what I like to do is just simply kind of bridge off of that. All right. That's all you want to do.

Don't change it to where it sounds completely different. Just bridge off of this. So POV, your three exposed part of an aging one is the reason your morning's so productive, not exhausting.

This has, we'll start off with the most basic game or basic thing that everyone has said, or actually, you know what? All right. So we kind of started writing in and again, I'm telling a story.

So I'm just kind of putting myself in the position of a woman who just gave postpartum with very little research we have, but again, just for sake of this video, so we have a really good hook. I struggled with our first sentence. I struggled for so many mornings after giving birth to reclaim my energy, but nothing was working until a friend told me about AG1.

Moms, let me just say, don't walk, but run to this. So now we really got their attention. We highlight it.

I've, you know, the benefit they'll get. We're also starting to build a little bit of empathy of like, Hey, I've been there too. I was struggling every morning after birth, giving birth to like reclaim my energy, but nothing was working.

So I'm kind of highlighting the market sophistication here and just saying like, Hey, nothing was working until a friend told me about AG1. Now moms, let me just say, don't walk, but run to this. So now we need to start strengthening that desire of reclaiming the morning, feeling more productive and not exhausting.

So this is where I'll typically have what I call strengthening your script with undeniable proof. These are 16 different ways that we can, you know, kind of build out the rest of the script. So what I like to do is I like to pick a couple of these almost like cooking some food and I'm seasoning the food and I'm just kind of seasoning some of those in there.

So show their desire being achieved with your product. We're already kind of talked about that. So I'm not really going to do that again.

Show their desire being consistently achieved over time due to your product. So this would be like day one of taking it. And I felt like the brain fog was lifted away three weeks later.

And I'm finally back to my pre. Obviously, I wouldn't say getting shit done just due to Facebook. But there we go.

So I'm showing their desire being achieved over time due to our product. Where will they get their desire satisfied? So this is just kind of like when and where they need to take this.

There we go. Now let's just keep going through this. How will they get their desire satisfied?

That's where I kind of talked about mixing the one scoop. This one kind of talks about when, where, and how all at once. How to test the claim you make about your product with a satisfied desire.

I don't really have a way to test it. But I do kind of highlight it right there that they'll also start filling it as they do. Show experts as customers commenting on how the desire will be satisfied.

So this is where it's kind of like, don't just take my word for it. Here's what Lisa F. A leading OBYGN said about AG1.

Obviously, I would be like, I don't recommend using doctor endorsements unless you actually get a doctor endorsement. Or you can get sued heavily. So obviously, I'm just going to give you an example here.

All right. Now I'm going to add a couple more of these. Superiority.

I don't really need to do that. Size, speed, help, feel, benefits that are being satisfied. So that's pretty much it.

And then what I'll do is the last one is I'll just do benefits. I completely forgot what it's called. Oh, maternity, I think it is.

Maternity leave. Where first I have two months off for maternity leave. There we go.

There we go. Let's just look at the skin. Our hook hits on the key things here.

And then from here, we go and we visually articulate basically everything that's going to happen. We're not visually articulate, but we're showcasing. Like we're constantly appealing to that desire they have and that persona that we want to.

Now, all we're going to do here is we're going to start tying it up now. There we go. POV, you're at three weeks postpartum.

AG1 is the reason you're filling. Your mornings feel productive, not exhausting. I struggle for so many mornings after giving birth to reclaim my energy, but nothing was working until a friend told me about AG1.

Moms, let me just say, don't walk, but to run to this. Day one of taking it and I felt like the brain fog was lifted away immediately. Three weeks later and I'm falling back to my pre-pregnancy morning routine and I feel like I'm getting shit done again.

I like to mix one scoop of AG1s in my morning smoothie and I'll start feeling a rush of energy and focus come to me minutes after drinking it. Don't just take my word for it. Here's what Lisa F., a leading OB-GYN, said about AG1.

I highly recommend AG1 from my postpartum's mom. Safe way to start getting energy back at the pregnancy and being off caffeine for so long. Work first told me I could have two months off from return sleep, but after just three weeks of being back and taking AG1 daily, I'm already opening my laptop back up at home and catching up.

Not because I have to, but because I have the energy and want to. Don't spend another morning feeling exhausted and productive as a postpartum mom and start to feel productive again by getting AG1 today. Link below.

So you'll notice here that most of this script itself, this script itself is actually more focused on the benefits and someone's desire as a mom. Then what I would do from here is I would send it to a landing page that does focus more on the actual mechanism itself of AG1. This is where you can get more technical to like, oh, here's the specific ingredients in it.

Here's what it tastes like. Here's some more customer testimonials. Here's some objections, some questions, some features breakdown and stuff like that.

That's where more of the landing page will go more to those technical side, whereas the ad is just more focusing on getting the right person to click and building up that desire for there. Now, for here, what I'll do is all I'll do is go through each of these lines and just ask myself, how can I visually articulate this? And what I mean by that is all I'll do is literally just go and be like, all right, POV, your three weeks postpartum and AG1 is the reason your morning's so productive, not exhausting.

So how can I visually articulate that? This is what I want the person to do, the content creator to do. Here, this is where, you know, POV, your three weeks postpartum, AG1 is the reason your morning's so productive, not exhausting.

Here's where maybe I could show a mom holding her baby, you know, she still looks postpartum, so she won't look like completely like she just stepped out of like the gym. But, you know, she still has a little bit like the baby weight on and maybe she's getting some work done around the house. Maybe she's folding the clothes, you know, cleaning the kitchen, or maybe she's sitting at her desk and like, you know, boss babying it up.

And that's how I can visually articulate that scene. And what I'll do is I'll go through each one of these right here and ask myself, how can I visually articulate all of these? And then this will create my script that I can then copy right here.

And then I can go and I can send that over to a creator on something like incense.pro. And on incense.pro, hire a creator that fits the matching thing. Send it over to them.

They film it. And then I'll watch the video called How to Test Facebook Ads in 2025 on my YouTube channel, where I'll then go and test those ads in that particular focus right there. But yeah, that's how I create my video ad scripts and stuff like that.

Hopefully that helps you all out. If there's anything I missed, drop it below and I can definitely film another video around this. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want to work with me for my agency, have Nick Terry run your ads and then have Nick Terry mentor you if you want to do one-on-one calls with me. And yeah, y'all have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.