yo what's going on guys welcome back to the channel my name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys today I'll be taking you through my creative testing process and probably the creative testing masterclass of 2021 the way I'm gonna show you Facebook creative testing today is unlike nowhere else I've seen on YouTube and I'm gonna illustrate everything everything you need to do to effectively test creative this is just a little sneak peek of what's to come in elegant e-com which is gonna be released in the end of q2 which is a course I'll be releasing for Shopify owners on zero to 25k a month of exactly how to run ads in the most effective way specifically to Shopify owners who just quite can't yet afford our high premium digital agency where we run everything for you so with that being said we've tested over seven figures ads been used in this process and we've been consistently delivering amazing results for our clients by utilizing this process so with that being said before we get started make sure you hit this like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday let's get started guys so welcome to the creative testing masterclass of 2021 I'm about to dive into and reveal to you guys my exact process we use for testing creatives I wanted to show you two things so for first thing you're gonna get a few things prepared before we start this but two this is kind of the order of which we run things you have your core offer which will run two to three months at a time then you have your ad angle the different angles of which you can promote your product so people buy for many different reasons and this specifically is the adding or right here that we want to touch on now add copy is the different ways we illustrate that adding and different variations to best illustrate the adding or you're approaching with now creative creative is different ways you can use to capture people's attention and then obviously headlines another variation of capturing people's attention all fall underneath the adding which all the adding was all underneath the offer the core offer you're pushing and promoting now before we get started I need you guys to go ahead dive into your ad account and pull out four to five of your best performing ad sets over the last say 90 days maybe 180 days and what you want to do is you want to look for the best performing cold audience ad sets this could be you know a look like 30 day purchase one percent could be an at the cart 90 day 10 percent look like us this could be engaged shoppers interest this could be the interest literally shopping and fashion just worked really well for our clothing clients this could be engaged shoppers etc just four to five really good interests or look likes or both that's worked really well for you we just want four to five total and the same thing for images and video I want three videos or I want you to get three images or a mixture of both so two images in a video two videos in an image etc and what you want to do is you want to either look through your ad account for say the last 30 days of best performing creative or create you know some new ones that best illustrate your product or that you think will best illustrate your product so pull that through and then also to I want you to think of how many different ad angles of you know the best way you can promote your core offer and write a piece of ad copy for each one and I'm illish I'm gonna get to that in a second so if you just can't quite get that just yet I'm gonna showcase that in a second as I'm better give you some information on how we can write ad copy for different ad angles so that's everything we need to get prepared before we can launch this and we're probably gonna spend anywhere from 100 bucks to 200 bucks daily using this method so just a quick reminder that you know this is a little bit more of an intensive method right here and if you have a budget of say 50 bucks this will be a little hard to pull off for you guys but I will have a video very soon exactly how to do low budget kind of creative testing exactly like this so now that we get all that out the way let's dive into the actual system we use to test creative so we do this in a few different rounds I like to call it think like boxing you know put two two key variables together in a boxing fight and we want to pick out the winner so round one ding ding ding round one we want to test the ad angle the best angle of approach to promote your core offer so let's say we're promoting a core offer of 20% off for Mother's Day that's it 20% off Mother's Day sale what are the different ad angles of which we can promote this product to right off the top of my head is you have two type of buyers for Mother's Day you have the people buying for themselves and then you have the people buying for mothers so I put together two ad angles I think number one the perfect gift for mom I think oh number two mom we owe you one here's 20% off so basically what this one is mom okay we're talking to the mothers viewing our ads that's the first angle of approach see right here perfect gift for mom we're talking to the people looking for a gift for their mother so two different approaches two different ad angles we want to write a piece of ad copy for both of those because the ad copies can be different for both of them perfect gift for mom is gonna be more like hey still looking for the perfect gift for mom shop our collection of XYZ they're the most beautifully crafted etc etc etc mom we owe you one thank you for all your hard work we truly appreciate you blah blah blah we know it's hard being a mom so that's why we're giving you 20% off the shop our collection now limited to just mothers boom so two different angles two different pieces of ad copy for each angle so what we're gonna do is is we're gonna put the ad copy first because the angles so we're gonna put these two ad angles first against each other and we want to make sure we have a few different creatives but the same creatives in each one so that way we give it the best possible chance because if we just ran one the same creative in both one both of them what if it's just a bad creative then what happens is is none of them work so we want to give it a few different variations to where we can illustrate the best creative angle with Chris best creative ad we can use so what you're gonna do is you're gonna create a abo campaign so create a campaign abo so ad set budget optimization you're gonna load in your four to five best best performing ad sets so those interests and look likes four to create four to five different ad sets one interest one look like for each one and you want to set the daily budget anywhere from ten dollars to forty dollars per day depending on what you can do so you're gonna have two campaigns or four campaigns depending on how many ad angles you want to promote with four to five ad sets per one at ten to forty dollars a day each so you're going to do the math because you want to do a consistent daily budget across all of them so for this for example we have two campaigns right here let's just say we're doing five ad sets per campaign at forty dollars per day we're spending two hundred dollars per campaign per day and we want to make sure this runs for 72 hours at least so we're gonna spend what twelve hundred dollars of course of three days that's basically four hundred dollars per day times three twelve hundred bucks now let's say we're doing five ad sets two campaigns and we're doing ten dollars per day per ad set that's fifty bucks a day per campaign times the other or plus the other campaign so that's a hundred bucks a day times three that's three hundred bucks so you can see how greatly it changes i don't recommend doing five dollars per day if you need to do a lower budget then consolidate your ad sets to three ad sets at say ten dollars a day each so and if you have multiple different angles of approach for your product i recommend all testing up to four at a time do not go over four as you really start running into some creative um some auction overlap and stuff and you will experience a little bit of auction overlap with this i'm not gonna say you won't because you will but that's okay because we're looking for the best performers even with auction overlap and then we can really let it spread its wings so adding on number one this whole campaign we want the same copy the same headline and what you want to do is you want to make sure that in the first campaign you have the same piece of ad copy in all five ad sets or four assets same headline in all of them but you want to have three creatives these three creatives are here and you want to make sure that these three creatives are in each ad set so each ad set will have three ads all three ads will have the same copy same headline but one will have this video one of this video one of this image or one of this image one of this image one of this image and one of this video or all of my video or all of my images and then you want to make sure those three ads are the same in all ad sets. So you have five ad sets, three ads, each ad set with the exact same ads, just three different creatives and all those five ad sets, if that makes sense. And these are all color coded right here because they resemble each other.

That means they go together. So this copy goes with this headline and blue creative could be a video. Green creative could be an image.

Yellow could be an image of the product outside, you know, three different creatives and adding all number two. So the second campaign, you just want to hit duplicate and you just want to change to copy the headline and all of them. That's it.

We want the same creatives. So that way we know if we put different creatives in here, then what happens is if you put different creatives, we're breaking, we're adding another variable to the thing with this setup right here. The only variable is the ad copy.

We have the same audiences, the same daily budget for all the ad sets. And then we have the same three visual creatives in both campaigns. But the only thing different is the copy in the headline.

That's it. So the two angles of attack, the way we want to push this. So that's the key with isolating a variable, isolating one variable and using that.

Now, if we had a third and four fat angle, it looked exactly like this same three creatives, but it'll be, you know, a blue copy and headline for one campaign. Then maybe a pink blue headline and copy for another. And you have adding a one, two, three, and four.

So you're going to run this for 72 hours. And then you want to start killing off the bad ones. And then you want to let the good ones run.

So if you figure out, you know, half the ad sets are adding on number one, all the ad sets perform really well. I think on number two, only one ad set performs well, kill off the ones that don't and leave that angle to one that works really well. I think on number one, let's say if all five of them do really well, very, very odd, you know, coincidence, but let's just say all of them do let those five run.

And what you want to do is you want to actually duplicate those five ad sets and you want to put them into a CBO campaign and start scaling that up, duplicate them, leave the copy creative headline or kill off the copy, the ads that didn't perform well. And then you want to move them to CBO scaling campaign, say a hundred bucks a day to $500 a day, and just start scaling it up right there. But now the next thing you want to do is also to is moving to round number two.

So round two is we're going to go to creative. So let's say out of these two campaigns, we found that the blue creative right here performed the best. So this could be a video right here.

It's a video. So now we're going to go to round two of testing, and we're going to start testing different variations of videos with the best performing ad angle as well. So we found that adding on number two performed the best and the initial results show the blue creative performed the best.

So we're going to create another ABO campaign. We're going to load in one to three of the best performing ad sets from our initial launch at a 10 to $40 per day budget. And you want to use the best performing ad angle with the best performing ad copy to run this next campaign.

So you'll have anywhere from one to three ad sets and the ad sets will have the same copy, same headline and all of them, but you're going to have three different creatives in each one. So let's say your blue creative performed best. We're going to bring that one back in to our ABO campaign.

So we're going to have three ad sets. This blue creative will be dropped into all three of those ad sets, but we're also going to drop in another variation of that creative. So let's say this was a video of your product just being held in front of the camera.

Let's do a video of that product with like a user testimonial. Hey guys, I just got this amazing product in the mail. It's so awesome.

And then let's do another one, maybe an unboxing video on all similar lighting, similar setups and stuff. And this is this unboxing video right here. So that way we have video outside or video just in front of the camera being held with hand, no talking or nothing.

Then video number two is a, Hey guys, just got this amazing product in the mail. And then video number three is an unboxing. Like, let me just do record unboxing the video.

Oh my God, look how awesome this is a reaction. So that's three different videos now based off some of the similar factors of the first video that worked really well. And again, we're keeping copy the same, we're keeping headline the same because we want to isolate the variable now of what creative performs best and what creative variation of that creative performs best.

And again, so you're going to have a campaign, three ad sets, each ad set will have the best performing audience from above. You're going to isolate three audiences that perform really well in your first round. You're going to bring them in.

So you have three of your best performing audiences from the first round, three creatives in each one, the same three are three videos in each one, because that's what worked the best for this one. I don't know. I'm confusing the hell out of you guys right now.

So three of those videos in each one, and then you're going to have three new videos and three more new videos. So you have, if we open up one of those assets, we'll have video one, video two, video three, all three are different, but one of them is the original winner from the first campaign. Ad set number two is identical to ad set number one.

Ad set number three is identical to ad set number one, but the audience is different for each ad set. And the audience we're using is the best performing from top one. And copy headlines, the same across all three ad sets and all of the creatives and ads inside of it.

So run this for another 72 hours. And what's going to happen is you're going to find a new winner, something new to perform as well. And let's say, for example, if one gets all the spin of the three campaigns, let's pause that ad and let the other two run.

So let's say if, because this was a winner in the first one and Facebook just locks into it, then literally what we're going to do is pause it and just let these two run for a few days to see which of those two perform well. So now let's move to round number three. We're literally going to set it up identical to round number two, but round number three, we're going to use the best performing creative from round number two.

So let's say, because of this one, I hope no one's colorblind watching this, but because of this one, I hear that one, we're moving it to round two right here and round two, we're going to use the same copy in all of them, the same creative in all of them, but a different headline in each. And what you want to do is you want to make sure you turn off your testing creatives from round two before you move to round three and, um, or besides the one that works, whatever works in round two, leave it on. And around three, you're going to create, again, you're just going to duplicate those three ads that you use for round number two, but just going to change it up to reflect these new changes in round number three right here, which is headline.

So you have the same piece of copy in all three, the same new creative that just won in all of them, but you're going to have three ads in each ad set with the same, with these variables. So you're going to have three ads in each ad set with these three right here, but each ad is going to have a different headline. So one, two, and three.

And again, the different color changes represent different variations. And what you want to do right here is you have your three different variations right here. You want to reflect the same changes as the round number two, run it for three days, see which one performs best.

Now you'll move to round number four and round number four, we're going to test copy last. And the reason why we're testing copy last is because creative and headline has the biggest impacts. So if your copy is performing already, what, cause in the first campaign, we already kind of validated our copy and creative has one of the biggest impacts on performance for creatives.

So you have an amazing performance creative. You have a really good headline now, now let's test the copy. So this is about 80%.

Um, and I'll lie, but this, I could say it's 80%, but they're all equally important. But the way this order goes, we test copy last. Cause we, we test copy in a way in the first order in the first round.

So same thing, three new ad sets, these same three creatives in each one, 10 to $40 per day, one for 72 hours. And then you're going to pull out your best winners. So three different variations of copy, but that reflect your main ad angle number two.

So this could be a pain leading with pain points. This could be leading with testimonial. This could be leading with information about the business that reflect the core offer and the core angle we're going after.

Once you got all that done, we want to pull more of these best performing variables into our CBO campaign. We created already right here. So again, once we created this initial CBO campaign where this has been running in the background, getting us results, we've been scaling this up, but also to refer their testing more stuff on the side.

And what's going to happen is you're gonna have a CBO campaign with four to five ads. That's maybe two or three ad sets with a few different ads in each or the same few ads in each ad set perform extremely well. They've been tested across multiple different audiences and we're scaling and pushing this.

And while we're doing that, we're going to continuously do this. And what's going to happen is you're going to find the best two or three headlines that consistently work across your account, the best two or three variations of ad copy that consistently work across your account. And you're also going to realize what creative angle works best for you.

So let's say for this particular test right here, we ran the one that performed best is a user generated content of someone holding the product in front of the camera and just being, Hey, look at this amazing product. That's what came across our initial test right here. So what we can do is we can just go consistently get more content like that to further keep scaling up and growing the ad account.

So that's essentially how you do creative testing and probably the most complex way. And you can actually take this, all this a step further. So we found what creative works best.

Then you could start expanding further the different types of models used in the video, the different type of lighting in the video, the product used in the video. So that's more video. That's more variations right there.

You can further expand on. So eventually to where, you know, exactly, Hey, someone's smiling in the first three seconds, holding up a one at the blue colored product that we're promoting within two seconds saying, Hey guys, that performs the best. You're going to have it down to a science of exactly every second of what works best if you're running videos and stuff.

But then also too, you want to kind of leave some room to test new things. Cause if you lock down on one variable for too long, you're limiting your potential of testing and new things here and there. And you can always revisit some of these individual rounds.

You don't, you know, if you go create a new video, you don't have to go all the way back to round number one. You can go up to round number two, creative. So you can use the best performing copy right now, best performing headline right now, and just keep testing and just keep repeating around number two for new videos and new photos.

You can also test different variations, collections, carousels, slideshow ads to test different variations of ad as well. I didn't even cover that because image and video I like to start off with. And then I like to test the variations down the line because likely if an image or video isn't working, a collection won't work, carousel won't work, et cetera.

So you need to find the perfect image or video. Then you can portray that into your collection and carousel ads. So yeah, that's essentially how you do creative and kind of like our creative testing masterclass.

I'm actually going to go a little bit further onto this with the exact count setup and exactly how I set this up inside of an ad account in elegant e-com, which again, will be released at the end of Q2. And I'm going to show you exactly what to do at each step, which step away, how I make my decisions, actually run live tests for you guys. So I'm just be on the lookout for that.

Again, that's going to be a course I'll be releasing specifically because I get a lot of people that reach out to me on a day-to-day basis to work for my digital agency. And unfortunately, we can only work with people doing at least 25 to 50K a month in revenue. And we help those people achieve 200, 300, even $800,000 within a 30-day basis.

But people below zero to 25K, it's really hard for us to be able to do that just through the amount of resources we demand. So that's why I want to teach you guys our exact ad account strategy, our exact ad account structure, creative, everything like that. I didn't want to get into courses, but I get a lot of people that reach out to me on a day-to-day basis.

I want to help them grow their business. So that's why we'll be releasing that very soon, specifically for you guys. But if you are going 25 to 50K a month, then make sure you click the link below to book a discovery call with me.

We'll hop into your ad account, go over some of your goals and stuff and figure out the best way we can grow your ad accounts. Like I said, we've had multiple clients that's done $200,000, $300,000, you know, scaling up from $25,000. And it's really, really epic.

We've scaled up multiple brands to seven figures now and looking forward to helping many, many more brands over time, continue to scale. So if you liked this video, make sure you hit that like button. And if you're new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for those new videos, just like this one, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

With that being said, it's about that time for today, guys. So my name is Nick Terrio. Hope you enjoyed this video.

Thank you guys for watching. Peace.