I've worked with quite a few clothing brands and, you know, we have one clothing brand right now on track to do $10 million in 2023. Back in 2019, we've had one of my, you know, first ever clients was a clothing brand. We took it from negative $30,000 a month on Facebook ads.

So literally doing $2.3 million profitably within 12 months of us working together. Even recently, we've had this new clothing brand also come on board that, you know, we've helped to literally go from losing $3,000 a month to profiting $30,000 a month. That's just profiting and loss, you know, not overall revenue in that case right there.

So a lot of success with clothing brands. And I want to go over quite a few different tips or three main tips that you need to apply for your clothing brand or fashion brand in that case right there. Questionable why I'm teaching these things outside of the case studies I just told you guys about.

I've done over $50 million in online revenue for my clients. I run an e-com growth agency and also coach and mentor a few e-com brands. You can click the links below to find out more information around that, have Nick Theriot mentor you or have Nick Theriot basically run your ads.

Now, before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into it guys. All right.

So for clothing brands, again, this just be a couple little tips right here. I mean, the biggest things, number one, probably the biggest mistake I see clothing brands do is that they try to run ads for every product. And that's false.

Okay. For clothing, you only need to focus on your one to three bestsellers, your top three bestsellers. Okay.

Now you can put these all in one campaign. You can have a men's campaign. If you have like men's fashion, then men, if you have a women's side too, as well, you can do women.

So you have men and women's campaign, but then you can do one campaign per country. Okay. Now, again, if you want to know more about the account, you know, formulation, how I structure my ad account, just look at the broad targeting times, Facebook ads, 2023 video, I go over how I structure my ad account.

Okay. But yeah, one campaign for men, one campaign for women. Again, that's only if you're doing both genders.

If you're just targeting men, then just one campaign for men. And you can do one campaign per country. Simple as that.

CBO, then, you know, add main ad set with all your winning ads and dynamic creative testing ad sets in that CBO to test new ads. Okay. Now, in that case right there, again, you only want to focus on your top three bestselling products.

Okay. And yes, it's perfectly okay to have, you know, t-shirts in there mixed with jeans, mixed with shoes. Okay.

You can have all three, you know, types of products inside of that main campaign. The key thing here though, is that you want to make sure that these bestsellers are evergreen products that sell year round. And secondly, you're scaling up spin year, like you're, you're keeping up inventory for these products.

Okay. This is basically where these products become lead generation. Okay.

You're just selling the hell out of these products to simply acquire the customer for cheap, because it's the product that works the best to acquire the cheapest customer. Okay. Out of all your products, you know, that this t-shirt will get a $10 CPA.

Whereas this t-shirt will get a $50 CPA. This shirt just sells amazing. So use it to acquire as many customers as possible and scale up your spin as hard as possible with this.

So allow you to acquire a ton of customers. Okay. So that's step one, just kind of like, you know, or tip number one with, you know, just kind of like the overall structure and stuff right there.

All right. Back in my first clothing brand, we would have this issue where like we'd scale up, get stuck, scale down, scale up, get stuck, get stuck down, scale up, get stuck, scale down. The problem we were getting stuck at was that we'd scale up inventory would sell out of a product.

We just add it to the store. And then we turn it off performance to drop, scale back up inventory drop, sell back out. But now because we advise all of our clothing brands to keep evergreen products, it just keeps rising and growing, growing, growing month over month, which improves performance.

Okay. This allows for, you know, the business continue growing and acquiring customers. Okay.

But Nick, my brand is, you know, a drop only brand. We only do drops. Okay.

Well, that's actually interesting. That's a great point you bring up there because now if you only do drops, if you still keep one or two products as a bestseller and selling year round, every drop will have a ton more customers, which will give you a bigger payday every time. Okay.

Because if you just keep doing drops, it becomes very inefficient to keep acquiring new customers for the business. But if you have a steady stream of new customers and a limited time drop every month or every other week, now you have more customers every drop to purchase from your drop. Okay.

Which makes a lot more sense for you in growing the business in a long-term, um, you know, fashion. Okay. Next thing is how do I introduce new products?

So maybe you just do drops or maybe you do just new, new like weekly styles and stuff like that. That's where you really want to focus on email marketing and SMS marketing and organic marketing to do all your other products. Okay.

Now don't get me wrong. We'll add in some of the new products to the campaign when we, you know, our campaign that's already active. We'll add in some new products here and there, but if they don't take off, that's totally okay.

I don't stress it at all. All right. I just put them as a new ad set in the CBO.

See if they take off. If they don't take off, I just turn it off. Very simple.

Okay. My main focus in the Facebook ad account is just continuing to acquire customers who are bestselling products. Okay.

Now again, for your new products, you know, use email SMS and organic all three. Okay. Even if you have some influencers, use some influencers as well to help out with that as well.

Okay. So that's just kind of like the overall structure of things. Okay.

Now the next biggest thing I've noticed, cause I've had some clothing brands, I literally fell and have some clothing brands that just do amazing. And that is the founders are obsessed over the product and they're creating a good product. Okay.

If you're creating dog shit clothing, no one wants you're, you're just, no one's going to buy. Okay. And you can do all the best that Facebook ads you want in the world, but if no one wants it, just no one wants it.

So people are very picky about clothing. Okay. They're very visual.

Okay. So a lot of this stuff comes down to the creative side on Facebook, not necessarily just creative in terms of the creative you put together, but also just to creative in terms of like how the shirt looks, you know, is their shirt unique? You know, is it the same black shirt people sold a million times just with the only difference form fitted or better fit, more comfortable.

Like people see that so many times. It just doesn't matter anymore. Okay.

So in that particular case, what we need to look at is that are the products unique enough? Are we bringing something new to the table? Are we looking at clothing in the terms of, Hey, it's a new fashion.

Are we writing a trend? Okay. A trend, a specific fashion trend.

Okay. Are we making new pieces that are actually making a difference and actually unique and actually, you know, serve a purpose. Okay.

Or are we just copying everyone else and creating the same thing that plays a huge impact on things. Okay. Now the next one and the last thing is identity.

Okay. So assuming you have a great product, assuming you're following the structure of the evergreen and bi-weekly drops, like you're going to do absolutely amazing. This last key component though is huge.

Okay. Without this, your clothing brand will fail. Okay.

And that is identity. Okay. Identity is the person people are becoming when they purchase from your brand.

Okay. Let me give you guys an example here. Okay.

If let's just say, for example, I'm out of shape, for example. Okay. And I really want to look like this.

I really want to like have a six pack and I really want to be in shape and just be lean, mean, fighting machine, whatever. You know, I'm not going to want to work with a personal trainer who's also out of shape. Why?

Because I don't, because one is identity. Second one is because the personal trainer that's ripped abs, strong, solid, stuff like that. I want to look like him.

So I'm willing to put in the work to look like that. Okay. So because of identity.

Okay. I see a lot of you guys that are trying to sell like three, $400 t-shirts and you're taking pictures of in a trailer park. Okay.

It does nothing to increase the perceived value of it. And it does nothing for your identity in that case right there. Okay.

So we have was one particular brand we're working with right now. And you know, they have this one particular creative for the guy. It's just in his bedroom.

Okay. Does fairly well. The ad does fairly well.

Okay. You know, spending, spend a couple hundred thousand dollars on this particular ad. Okay.

Well, we got this guy to go reshoot the ad in a completely different environment to increase the perceived value. So what we did was, is we filmed it in, or, you know, the client filmed it, not us. The client filmed it in a area where it was very affluent.

Okay. Now in this particular part right here, due to the client filming in an affluent, affluent area, the ad performed 10 times better. Why?

Because we're already targeting people who, you know, want to be staying out from the crowd and have a high association with success, you know, and they want to look successful. They want to look, you know, um, you know, like they got their shit together in that case right there. And this particular clothing makes them look like that.

So we put in, you know, the client filmed the ad in a fluid area to make, have the clothing have more perceived value, higher status and stuff like that. The ad performed 10 times better than original ad. Now original ad was already performing amazing.

Why? Because we changed the environment. We changed the identity associated with the particular clothing.

Okay. So you need to take identity, um, you know, serious. That's like the, the biggest thing I can stress enough is the identity.

If you get the identity done and look, you know, you're going to have to go and spend some money on getting some professional creatives done for this. Okay. You can't just say like, all right, cool, Nick identity.

And go take a t-shirt with a white background and like put a nice house in the background of it. Like it's not going to work. Okay.

You know, go get some nice creatives done and spend the money and invest into your business. Cause that's, what's going to allow you to jump over that hurdle, which you're trying to accomplish. Okay.

So identity, get those creative sold, you know, really matching that identity. Your audience wants keep your one of three best sellers in stock evergreen year round and scale the shit out of that. And then sell all your other products with email SMS organic and look, trust me.

Like I've had three clothing brands follow this strategy now and just fucking crushing it. Okay. Because of these three things are, and also a fourth one, just having a product people want to as well.

That's also super important right there. So yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.