Yo, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Saria and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Something very different as well. It's Super Bowl weekend. Today's video should be going up on Friday and Super Bowl weekend and I am stoked.

Personally, I'm a Bengals fan just because of Joe Burrow who if you don't know I'm from Louisiana and that's where Joe Burrow is from as well. So he's obviously in my town very popular and you know everyone roots for him. So personally going for the Bengals from that specific cause.

But I thought I'd do something interesting and do a reaction because I love football and if you're you know I know I have a lot of people out watching me from outside of the United States. So you know actual like football not soccer. So anyway and I love it and I mostly prefer to play it than rather watch it.

But one of my favorite things is commercials every time and just because I'm an advertiser I'm always obviously more intrigued. So I'm glad to watch this one particular video called Top 10 Best Super Bowl is Super Bowl 50. Top 10 commercials from that specific Super Bowl and it's from 2016.

I'm about to watch it react to it for you guys in the kind of meaner of with Super Bowl this weekend. So yeah it should be interesting and it'll be more from an advertising perspective as well. So let's uh let's just dive into this video.

Let's have a little bit more fun kind of chill out with this. So yeah. All right.

Cool. So and just a little heads up guys I'm not sure if I'll actually get the audio from the video onto this YouTube video. So I'm my apologies but I definitely go recommend watching it maybe watch it with me or something like that.

We can do that. So uh yeah let's dive into this. Again I haven't watched this at all.

I haven't seen these commercials since 2016. So I really don't know what to expect. That being said let's go.

Super Bowl 50. Top 10 commercials. All right.

It's not a specific order too as well. Let's get my Starbucks sitting next to me right here. Sweetheart don't look at me like that.

It's gonna be amazing. Is that Bruce Jenner? I love the the relatable factor right there.

Just like from that perspective right there at these snick commercials. Like the reason why it's so relatable relatable is because like cranky person yada yada yada. Oh okay.

I'm cranky. What do I need to do when I'm cranky? Eat a Snickers.

So make sure you just make things life so much better. In fact I'm gonna have to go to Snickers after this. You look good.

Thank you. Hey. See the guy taking my little car out huh?

Yep. Huh. You know what?

Why don't you go ahead and take my new car? Thanks Pops. Come on baby.

That's genius. Watch this. Boom.

Let's go. It's a genius. Genius way to like they could have been so like when it like just imagine like trying to like okay hey look guys we're gonna we need to market this new GPS in this car.

How can we market it? And it's just like uh well this is a genius way and really focusing too on the demographic that probably has kids. Obviously right here a little bit older too a bit more richer things like that wealthier all that stuff right there.

What a dad's gotta do. Honey what'd you guys do tonight? Now I wanna know how many dads actually did that exact thing right there.

Coca-Cola ads are always like the goats. Hey brother. There's an endless road to rediscover.

Hey brother. Know the water sweep of blood is thicker. Showing brotherly love in a way.

Oh the sky comes falling down. Getting picked on. Yada yada yada.

Life's a struggle. Everything like that. But a brother is always there for you.

Coca-Cola commercials are always very wholesome. In that sense. There's nothing in this world that won't tell you.

And there's your... You know the thing about it. We like drink commercials.

It's all about communicating a feeling. So like how do we open up like you know just really like setting yourself apart. And how can we get people excited to drink a Coke?

It's a lot more just emotional. How do we make them feel things? Like what brand emotions do we want them to feel around our brand?

That's more of what they're going for. It's not your typical here's a Coke. It's 200 more like 50% more caffeine.

50% more sugar than it's a both soft drink. It's more around focused on how can we get them to feel emotions we want them to feel. And represent around our brand.

We want them to feel good around our brand. So how do we like make people feel good? How do we get them to feel whole?

Like how do we get them to feel like oh that's so cute. Things like that around our brand. Beautiful baby.

Any day now. Really? You're eating Doritos?

He's eating Doritos. On my ultrasound. Do you see what I have to do?

I know. Give me that. And there's your beautiful baby.

I don't know really what to say about this one. Like I know it's like again it's more about that feeling of the people want like feeling that Doritos want you to feel around the brand. You're eating Doritos?

He's eating Doritos. It's kind of like what they're going for right here. More of a comedy aspect.

That's what I have to do. I know. He plays twice.

So. Use as a recap. So again a comedy side.

Give me that. Demographic. Just an average family.

Average Joe Blows. Like nothing. You know.

Crazy. Cheese in the shell. This is going to be bigger than man buns.

That's a really big one for anything like food. It's really exaggerating things like the cheese side and stuff like that. That's early Tinder.

Why Wilson? The Texas Waha. It's going to be bigger than drones.

What's bigger than driving a car? I told you. There's cheese in the shell.

This is so cool because it's 2016 when drones started to become a thing. And now it's like everyone has a drone. It's going to be bigger than VR.

And it's really cool too because. They're showcasing how amazing this product is by comparing it to things that are relatable and relevant to the environment. So right now or at this period of time VR is starting to become a thing.

Drones are starting to become a thing. So they're saying this is going to be even bigger than that. Like that's how amazing this is.

You need to try it. Mars Landis. Hey.

Cheese in the shell. This is going to be bigger than aliens. Bigger than aliens.

Okay. Giorgio. Somebody already said that.

Bigger than James Harden's beard. This is going to be bigger than those things. So in copywriting and advertising it's really good to compare.

Do a comparison because it really helps people to understand things in a perspective. So comparing it to something someone already understands. And then comparing how this thing will even be bigger than that or smaller than that or XYZ.

Why do they call those hoverboards? I don't know. They don't hover.

This is going to be bigger than the... Bigger than football. Real football.

It's going to be bigger. Bigger than everything. I like that.

That's going to be bigger than the internet. Bigger than that. Cheese in the shell.

Oh my. Now I'm more of a comedy aspect. And like this was really relevant.

Really relatable. But like I don't know. I love the comedy side of the Super Bowl commercial.

But this did really well of portraying what they were trying to do. Comparing it to a lot of things. And just saying it's bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than anything.

Bigger than that. We were able to stopopath boutz. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than the people. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than the people. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

Bigger than that. Bigger than that. Bigger than that.

showcasing something that everyone watched, saw, looking forward to, and then showcasing something that they could understand in the perspective of like relevant, relatable by, oh, hey, Hulk, crazy, big, smash. Let's, what happens if you steal his Coke? And you're basically portraying in people's minds that the Coke is so important that the Hulk will go crazy over it and chase people down, practically kill them for that one Coke.

That's just portraying into your mind that like, you need this. So, in this particular one right here, they basically just took the feeling and the emotion of like, oh, wow, that was badass. And then like a really cool, badass thing.

And then immediately putting it into the car, like people getting in the car and driving away. Because then it portrays that badass feeling. You just kind of felt in a second watching that and then associating it with that brand right there of a being like cool, modern brand, like badass brand, essentially.

I don't really know what to think about this one, honestly. I guess just because like ketchup and mustard, like always goes on hot dogs. So a bunch of hot dogs running to them.

Or like them dreaming just hot dogs everywhere that they can be used on. It's an interesting one. T-Mobile.

T-Mobile. T-Mobile. Oh no, the car.

Told you somebody should have waited in the car. T-Mobile. T-Mobile.

T-Mobile. Trying to make a Prius look cool. I'm a big sports guy.

Car guy. Muscle car guy. So yeah, just putting that perspective.

People watching this. That's a lot of cops. Just trying to, yeah, they're just trying to make the Prius look cool.

Because it doesn't look cool already. So, how do they address that objection? It's great in advert.

People doing cool stuff in it. Running from the cops, things like that. You'll never see a Prius in a high speed chase.

So, like, just putting things in like that right there. Like things you normally wouldn't see a Prius do. They can seem like a badass.

They're the chase of the century and is now a global phenomenon. The Prius 4! Correcto!

What are Prius owners feeling right now? Proud. I feel proud.

Prius! Which of the four are you most attracted to? I'm portraying it.

Everyone wants a Prius after. I'm sure Toyota has some perspective has to understand that Prius ain't a cool car. I thought they were addressing this objection right here.

How quiet it is. I don't know. That's an interesting one.

Well, cool, guys. I hope y'all enjoyed this video. This is definitely a very interesting video.

I don't think the Super Bowl 50 commercials were as good as I've seen in previous years. But, again, I actually didn't even watch this video before I reacted to you for you guys. Just so that way you can have a very raw experience or anything like that.

But, yeah. I hope you guys have a great weekend. Enjoy the game.

Y'all be safe out there if y'all going out doing any mischievous activities during the Super Bowl 50. Or not 50. It's, well, like I can't even count right now.

But, yeah. It's definitely not Super Bowl 50. That was actually the 2016 one.

I know me personally, I'm traveling to Phoenix, Arizona to go out there. We're kind of like in a business style mastermind slash Super Bowl party. So, I'll be enjoying that while watching the party.

So, again, y'all have a great weekend. Thank y'all so much for watching my videos and all the support you guys showcase. And let me know if y'all want to do some more of this.

I've been really kind of looking at working with one particular brand that's as a more of an older style advertising approach. And we've been looking at a lot of older style ads to get a lot of inspiration for our Facebook ads. And I really love kind of going through some older like TV commercials because there's a lot of hidden gems in there that are replicated in today's advertising.

So, if y'all want to see more like that, drop some more reactions below of TV commercials y'all would love to see and react to. So, or maybe it can even break down in that perspective as well. So, thank you guys so much for watching the channel.

Hope you guys have a great weekend. And I'll chat with y'all later. Peace.