What's up and welcome to my channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I want to share with you five things you need to succeed with Facebook ads and Shopify. With so much noise in the market of all kinds of different levers you can pull and things you can do to increase sales, I wanted to break down the five core principles, core foundations that really give us the most results for our clients.

All this, everything else outside of this is stuff that can just be played with, but these are the five core things that really drive massive results for our clients. Over the last 12 months, we generated over $4 million in revenue for the clients that worked with us in the last 12 months. So really excited to share with you the five fundamentals you need to work on every day to really master and grow your Shopify, Facebook with Facebook ads, your e-com business, and all that stuff.

So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Now let's get started guys. So number one is honestly the biggest thing out there that is like one of the biggest levers is having some really good creatives when it comes down to like Facebook ads and stuff.

You need to have creatives. Creatives is what like literally stops the users in their track to, you know, watch your video or watch or like stop and give your brand some attention. You know, the number one for me is like grabbing attention and that's what creatives do.

So you need to be creating new creatives every single week, test new creatives, look at what your competitors are doing, create some creatives like that really locked down on a creative concept that works really well, and then keep on, you know, duplicating that action. Then also to go out there and test some new creatives, some creative that you just have some ideas for that is completely new and go test those and see how those work. So we like to come to come there and put our creatives into kind of like groups and which we call concepts.

So like, for example, a creative concept I'm seeing a lot right now for clothing is literally like the clothes folded on the ground and someone taking like their iPhone and just doing like a recording of it. So taking your iPhone, putting the clothes on the ground and just filming over it. We've actually replicated this concept with some of our other products.

We've done this with some cups, some Apple watch bands. We've done this with some metal decor. We've done this with a lot of really cool things.

So this creative concepts worked really well for us. So think about these different creative concepts. Another one could be an unboxing video from one of your customers.

So look through all the different creative concepts that your competitors are doing. Look at some like the bigger brands that are crushing with ads, what creative concepts they're using, and then make a list of all of them. Go record and capture content, get your editing team, your video teams, edit all these out and literally replicate these and test them out with your ads.

And once you figure out what concept works, hit hard on that concept, go 10X the amount that you're getting on a weekly and a monthly basis and test them often, you know, more and more and more. Keep introducing them to the ads managers and keep it fresh for your audience. And it's going to drive more results with your brand.

Now copy you, the e-com business owner, you, the Shopify business owner, you, your brand, you're the best copywriter for your brand. You know, your brand more than anyone else, but you need to be testing more copy consistently. Just like creative creative is a big lever to pull for your results and stopping the stroll and stuff like that.

But copy is also another big thing because copy really illustrates and ties in your ideal audience desires or pushes them into your product. So you have your ideal audience's desires, you have your product and copy bridges that gap between the two. So your ideal audience understands how your product solves their desires or, um, you know, attributes their desires.

So you need to be testing a lot of copy again, same thing. Go look at your competitors, what's up with ad copier they're using, go look at some bigger brands and break it down. The concepts again, testimonials, how to, you know, pain point, literally hitting the pain points, you know, the types of headlines and stuff they're using, go down there and write a bunch of copy, introduce fresh new copy every single week into your ads manager, whatever works best, make a bunch of strands around that concept.

So if it's a lot of testimonials, keep pushing a lot of new testimonials into your ads. So now you have the perfect creative, perfect testimonials, and you're really making bigger difference with your ads and everything like that, uh, by going this route. Now offer offer is, can be, you know, looked at two different ways.

You can look at it, just the offer of buy two, get one free. And then you can also look at the offer of the experience you're offering to the consumer. So, um, I like to look at the offer where it's like two people getting married, the whole relationship and the experience they've had together before that marriage or before you propose is like, that's the offer you're getting to the consumer, the experience they're going to have, what's your brand, the product experience.

And you know, the best way you tailored the marketing to that product and the discount is literally the wedding ring. Like here's the 10% discount, but they're really buying into, yeah, the 10% discount was really good. But what they're really buying into is how much is this product is going to change the lives of that potential person.

So how is it going to benefit their lives, solve their pain points, their desires and all that stuff. And that's the offer, the, the macro level of the offer, the experience you are offering to the consumer is huge. So that's something you really need to look at.

So really look at your experience right now. Um, your customer experience right now. So is it packaging, you know, like, um, I've seen some cool brands where like they perfected their product, product's amazing.

And then they start looking at other little things, the unboxing experience people have the packaging, the, uh, bonus items they get, how well they take care of a customer and keep them coming back. So also look at the macro level of that type of offer right there, as well as look at the little, little level of just like a 10% off discount. But, uh, we're also testing a lot of variety of offers right now for one account.

We fine tune the whole experience the customer has, but now we're fine tuning the offers and testing a whole bunch. Like we're literally doing like a summer flash sale. We're doing a Christmas in June, on a father's day all in one month.

So like we're blowing up sales for that particular brand. Cause we're offering and appealing to different angles, um, and different people in the market right now. Now, number four is a good media buying strategy.

You don't need to be something crazy. Um, but a good audience testing campaign, a good creative testing campaign, a good scaling campaign, and just putting all your best performing stuff in one scaling CBO and really pushing that when results die down, you literally need to go back to creative offer and copy. That's it.

Super simple. Keep it simple and just keep it something you can be consistent with. That's the biggest thing with the media buying strategy.

You want me testing new creative, new audiences and all this on a weekly basis to really keep up or perform it. So you need to either hire a good media buyer, or you need to be just on the top of your shit. And this is also why I'll be releasing a course soon for all you guys doing less than 25 K a month.

Um, cause like I said, a lot of the big barrier for our brand is, uh, you know, we want to work with brands doing 25 K plus a month. So if you, if you're doing that, then you can work with us and we'll crush it, which on the media buying side, or, you know, like I said, we, we have a lower level course. I'll be coming out soon for you guys.

So stick in tune for that, but keeping a good media buying strategy is key. I put it below offer, copy and creative because it that's where it is. It's, it's 80% of our time is on offer, copy and creative.

Another 20% of our time is on a media buying strategy. We'll spend one hour a day in that account and the other seven hours will be on copy, offer and creative. Now, number five, the last biggest lever you can pull with getting better results for your brand is literally just having a good website.

Something that's very easy to use that can literally just go on the website, make a purchase and boom. So good website, load speed time, easy to use, easy to navigate the website. All the, like the copy on the product page is very in tune with the ads and stuff.

People can easily make a purchase. They have the, all the information they need to confidently purchase and trust you very well. So just a good website that converts really well.

Keep it very simple, you know, two main colors and then a cut color for your button colors. Keep it easy. Keep it simple.

And I keep striving that because that's literally what converts best for us. The websites that are super simple, black and white with like a blue or red for that's card button. That's it.

Super simple. Now closing out these core concepts. If you follow them to see every single week, you're going to massively impact the results you're getting for your brand.

And it's some of the core concepts that I focus on and I've literally hired people for every one of these in my agency. So I focus on more of the core ones. And then I have my agency people that were specialized with like media buying or specialized with video and editing design.

And I focus more on the higher level strategy, which is why we can generate some massive results for our clients. We've generated over $4 million in the last 12 months. And this year in 2022, we're looking to do at least $10 million in sales for our clients, maybe even further because we have the right team in place.

And that's why it brings me up to my next thing. If you're a Shopify owner and you own an e-com business and you're looking to scale and increase your profits for your business, then click the link below to book a call with me and we'll create a tailored marketing plan to your business to where we can scale you to your next monthly goal. What you can do after that tailored plan is created, you can literally take it for yourself, run with it and do it yourself, or you can work with my team and I'll give you more options of how we can work together and really bring your business to that next level.

Lastly, if you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button. If you're new to the channel, I post new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. It's about that time.

Again, my name is Nick Stario and I hope you enjoyed this video. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.