So Facebook recently made an update where there's no longer the option now to do a manual sales campaign and pretty much all new sales campaigns on Facebook are going to go straight to Advantage Plus. Due to this new update, I've been getting a lot of questions regarding how to test creatives, how to launch and set up campaigns. So with that being said, today we're going to dive into the ad account and set up a campaign using this new Advantage Plus campaign format.

So that being said, let's dive into the video. So inside of my Facebook ad account right now, we're going to go ahead and hit create new campaign. Inside of this, we're going to click on sales.

Now, again, originally there used to be something that popped up called like manual or Advantage Plus and 90% of the time we would do manual. But in this particular case, that's no longer the option. Now it's straight called Advantage Plus sales campaign, which is formally called Advantage Plus shopping campaign.

This setup is now on the by default with a campaign score of 100 and Advantage Plus on your set to reach your performance potential. Or there is still some manual options available. And we'll kind of dive into what I'm currently using and what I'm currently testing with right now.

I'm going to hit OK on this and we're going to go ahead and get started. I'm just going to call this TS. That's just my TS is just Terrio Solutions.

That's the name of my agency. So anytime we're working on an account, I always start off the campaign like that. I'm just going to call this prospecting.

You can call this whatever and then leave it as is. Now I'm going to turn off Advantage Plus catalog ads because we're not running catalog ads. Do I recommend catalog ads?

To be fair, something you need to test out. Typically, they work well when you have hundreds of SKUs in your store with pretty much all like easy things. It doesn't require complex sales funnels.

But for this particular campaign, we're going to leave that off. Now we're going to scroll down. We want to set the budget to campaign budget.

So that way, it's going to be what's technically called a CBO campaign, which is campaign budget optimization. And we want to make sure this is turned on as this will allow Facebook to spend on the best performing ad sets. Now, I always recommend starting campaign at $100 today.

That's what I personally like to start off with. You can set it as little as $5 today if you want. Me personally, I always recommend starting off at $100 a day.

Now, next thing to set up is the audience segment reporting. And all you're going to do is click on audience segments right here. And this is something that should be like a one and done type of thing.

So once you set this up for the first time, you never have to do it again. And I'm just going to create a custom audience, websites, and then select my pixel. And then from here, website visitors.

I personally like website visitors 30 days for the engaged audience, just because pretty much anyone outside of 30 days pretty much forgot your name. And I'm going to call this TS website visitors 30 days. Just need to make sure that's labeled right, because it's this particular pixel.

Create audience. Done. And then the next thing I'm going to do is click on existing customers.

Create a custom audience. Website. Next.

Got to make sure it's the same pixel. I'm going to do purchases and I'm going to do 180 days. TS purchase 180 days.

And I'm going to call that in T pixel, just because I have two pixels on this account. I'm going to confirm that. And there we go.

Now, if you just simply refresh your screen, usually it'll go ahead and like reset it for you and give it a second. And then there we go. So now we have our engaged audience and our existing customers.

I'll share a little bit more information about that once we get to that. But it's basically a reporting column setup that makes it easier for us to see if purchases coming from existing customers or purchases coming from engaged audience, or is it new customers, which is super, super valuable to understand on the platform. Now go ahead and click on next.

I'm going to name my ad set. Usually for me, I name my ad set, the batch number for this particular creative test. As I do three creatives per ad set, I don't really have a batch number because I'm just doing this as an example.

So I'm just going to put a random batch number like that. USA, male plus female, because that's what I'll be targeting. 18 plus, broad, because that's all I do is broad targeting and I'm optimizing for purchases.

Next thing I'm going to click on is website. Now you technically could do website and shop. If you have your shop set up, I do not have shop set up.

So I'm just clicking on website. Next thing is I'm going to do maximize number of conversions. There's maximize number of value of conversions.

There's a couple of these other ones, but for me personally, I do maximize number of conversions. Then I'm going to select my pixel that I want to use. And then for here, I want to select purchases.

Now, something important to understand is because there's still people that ask me, should I do landing page view? Should I do add to carts, initiate checkouts? Even if I'm starting off with an account with zero data, I'm still optimizing for purchases.

And that's because the way Facebook works is that they automatically categorize people into these different standard events. So if you want purchases, optimize for purchases. If you want add to carts, optimize for add to carts.

If you want website traffic, optimize for website traffic. Due to majority of my clients being either lead gen or e-commerce, we're optimizing 90% of the time for purchases or leads, depending on the client. Now, I personally don't do cost per result goal.

I have videos on my channel. Why? But long story short, it restricts the algorithm from learning.

So I don't do cost per result goal. I don't do cost caps. I don't do bed caps.

Me personally, I always get auto works the best attribution setting. I don't touch this start date. Typically, anytime I launch a campaign, I like to start it at midnight.

So like technically today right now, it's Sunday at two o'clock in the afternoon. So I'm simply calling Monday. I'm going to type in 12, boom, boom, and then AM.

So that way it launches at midnight. I never select an end date. So that's fine.

Budget scheduling. I don't do that either. Now for audiences here, this is where a little bit more kind of goes into the actual targeting side.

Again, I do broad targeting. That means I don't do any interest. I don't do any lookalikes.

And I also don't do any retargeting audiences. I do still run retargeting ads, but I put it as the same audience as my top of funnel creatives. That's because I believe the algorithm uses the creative and all the data in that creative to target your customers and it optimizes around that.

So when I look at this audience section right here, I have advantage on. This is default now. For me, 90% of our accounts, I'm just leaving this on.

I'm not touching it. I'm not leaving it off. So only thing I have to do here is just select the country I want to target.

This campaign, I want to target USA. So I'm just leaving USA in here. Yes, you technically can add other countries in here and group those up into one campaign.

I personally like to do one country per campaign because if I want to scale to other countries, I don't have to edit this campaign. I'd rather just leave this campaign optimized and rolling. And if I want to scale to a new country, I just simply create a new campaign.

It makes it easier from a long-term perspective versus just toss all the campaigns in one campaign and let it run. So for me personally, I'm leaving this on right here. And again, you need to target another country.

You can go ahead and do that. Now, the particular product I'm going to be selling can be anyone. So I'm leaving as minimum age 18.

We have some clients, for example, that legally can only sell to 60 plus due to like certain things. So like we have to do 60 plus. We've worked with clients that are in the alcohol and like cannabis niche where we have to target 21 plus.

So 90% of the time, I'm just leaving it 18 plus, but there will be some exceptions when we're working with a product that has legal standards where we have to target a certain age group. Custom audience exclusion. Here's where I'll go ahead and do like purchases.

And we just did a purchase one right there. So I'll do purchase 180 days. To be fair, I notice very little impact of purchase 180 days on or off.

So if you have never done this before, going add this to your ad sets is going to make really no significant impact. I do like this though, when we're working with clients that have a large amount of SKUs and products on their website. And that way we can keep ads from hitting those returning customers.

So that way only email and SMS can bring returning customers. So that way we can keep ads focusing on new customer acquisition, which is the whole goal of running Facebook ads. All languages, I'm going to leave it as is.

Suggest an audience. Again, nothing I need to do here. And that's it.

Now, there will be scenarios where we may need to click this button called further limit the reach of your ads. And I'll do that just to show it to you guys. But basically, it'll basically say, hey, only switch setup if you need to limit your ads, reach to a specific age, range, gender, or custom audience.

And you just simply click switch setup. Now, which in what cases would you need to do this? So for example, I would launch an Advantage Plus campaign as is.

Now, let's say, for example, we have a, like one of my students is marketing to females only. And yes, like pretty much anyone can have the product, but dominantly like females only. If we're getting a ton of men starting to get impressions served to that particular ad and because it's just a woman in the ad and that's why men are seeing it and wanting to look at it, then we may have to come in and actually switch to a setup to where it's only on female.

But what we're doing right now is 90% of the time, we're just launching as is. And then if there's a gender that's taking overall spend with horrendous cost per acquisition, then we'll come in and actually manually remove that gender and switch to the, you know, further limit your reach of your ads. But right now we're keeping on Advantage Plus.

So I'm just going to leave that back right there. Now placements, I always just leave Advantage Plus placements on. That's nothing new for me.

So now we're going to go and click into next. Now I do one flexible ad per ad set. So I'm going to call this number 100.

I always start off at like 100 in my naming because just makes it easier from a long-term foundation perspective. Then you just go click your Facebook page or Instagram account. Now I'm going to go to creative source, manually upload, and then I'm going to click on flexible.

So each ad set I create has three creatives. These are going to be three videos or three photos. And the difference here between each of those videos or each of those photos is the visual hook, not the text hook, not the script.

So I'm going to go and first show you guys a image one where I'm just going to click on upload. And I have three images right here. I'm going to show you all as an example.

You can get these uploaded. And there we go. So now we have our three images uploaded.

Again, the only difference here, they all have the same text hook, but just a different visual hook, which is like the background in this case. Now, next thing we'll do is go ahead and for the primary text, we're going to add one primary text with a new primary text we want to test. And then we're going to do old winning primary text.

And then for a headline, we'll do a new headline and then we'll add a text option and we'll do an old winning headline. There we go. Then I'll add in my website URL.

I'm starting to leave on Advantage Plus Creative Optimizations. I'm not seeing any impact leaving it on or off. So I'm just leaving it on just because I'm tired of having to turn it off.

And I'm just going to go ahead and click on shop. Now, if I'm using a tracking software like Wicked Reports, Hyros or Triplewell, dominantly, we use Triplewell for all of our e-commerce clients. I'm going to go ahead and put that URL parameters right there.

So this is how we set up an ad creative. Now I'm going to show you all a video version. I'm just going to click on this and duplicate it.

I'm going to change this to 101. Delete that. Go in here.

101. I'm just going to show you all how to do it with videos as well. Add videos.

I'm going to select these three videos and upload that. Now that our videos are uploaded, I'm going to go ahead and select all three of them. Hit continue.

And then same thing here. We'll do like our new primary text and we'll do an old winning primary text. This way, each video gets two different copies to test on it.

So that way we can cross as many variables off the list. Now, just to show you how some of these videos are set up real quick. All of these videos have a different visual hook, but a different or all have the same text hook, but a different visual hook.

So if I open up all three of these real quick and just to let y'all see this and y'all see that, hey, all of these videos have the exact same text hook, just a different visual hook and all of them have the same script. So there's nothing different here on the script. And just to let y'all further see this a little bit, they all basically do the same thing.

So I just wanted to make sure y'all very clear on that. I'm just changing the visual hook of each video and then the rest of the video is exactly the same. All right, cool.

So now that all this is loaded in, then obviously I would go ahead and hit publish. Another thing that I just want to kind of address real quick is that some people also ask me regarding, hey, Nick, what happens if we can't see the winning videos and stuff like that? Me personally, I don't really care because this whole ad set, I uploaded these three pictures and I know the concept, which is like feel like John Wick.

So for me personally, if those take off and work really well, then all I'll do is just go ahead and, oh, hey, the feel like John Wick headline worked well. I'll go create maybe some different variations of this where it's like, hey, feel like John Wick. And then I'll have some different colored cabinets, different backgrounds, or maybe I'll go ahead and feel like John Wick worked.

I'll go and take this exact one. I'll create some more versions with like other notable people that people look up to. In this particular example, the military niche or gun niche.

So for me personally, it's like it just it's not really important because if I have a winning ad, it doesn't really help me much because I know the headline because that's the only headline I use or only hook I used. And from there, and now my new goal is what are other hooks I can find? So since this hook worked, I'm not just going to keep reusing it because that's where a lot of people fuck up at is they keep reusing the same hook over and over and over and it creates no net new winners.

So for me, it's like, cool, that hooked worked. Cool. I'm going to move on to the next hook.

That's going to create the highest probable reality of me finding new winners inside of there. But I do want to show y'all another way y'all can do this. You are more than welcome to also is just split these up.

So like, for example, we have three videos right here. I'm just going to do one video. So this is like 129-1.

So I call this dash one. And then I can duplicate this ad video dash two. There's nothing wrong with this at all.

There's nothing wrong with you creating three separate ads in here. I think a lot of people overcomplicate this. They think this is going to create a significant impact in their performance.

It's not. I do this quite often too as well. So you can either do the flexible creative, you can do three separate creatives.

Or for example, the other day I had like a spring sale launch for a store and we created like 20 ads in the ad set because a flexible ad set, you could only have what I would say, you can only have up to 10 videos or up to 10 pictures in a flexible ad set. So for me, I launched this big spring sale and then I just loaded in like a whole bunch of different stuff. So like I'm just going to click a bunch of random things real quick, you know, and I just loaded this in.

They probably had 20 ads inside of this. So that's another thing that I have done. Just giving y'all clarity on that.

People overcomplicate this part. But in reality here, you do not need to overcomplicate this. The whole goal with this campaign structure is that one, we're setting it at the campaign level for the budget that allows Facebook to determine what ad set to spend on based off most likely to convert.

Now, let's talk about a couple other things here. Number one, Facebook does not care about your target cost per purchase. So there will be times where Facebook will spend more on an ad set that you launched with a worse CPA than an ad set that has a better CPA, but barely any spin.

Facebook doesn't care about your cost per purchase goal. Facebook needs to be able to take all those ads you gave it and it's going to spend the most on the creative that can reach the most people that resonates with the most people. The ad sets that resonate with the fewest people, that's the creative resonating with people.

The fewer the people that resonate with that particular creative right there, Facebook's going to spend less. Now there could be in times where it's intentionally made to spend less on that creative, for example, through retargeting. In retargeting, we created this ad set to specifically reach a small group of people.

Now I'm not setting a retargeting audience in here. I'm just simply uploading creatives that's meant to speak to a lower funnel audience. Because I upload a creatives that speak to a lower funnel audience, it reaches less people.

So Facebook's going to spend less on it and it's going to have a really good cost per purchase on it because it's converting a few people in the low end of the funnel. There's no way we could spend a ton of money on that particular ad set because it just simply wouldn't have enough people to reach or resonate with. Now for our higher top of funnel creatives, this is going to be your solution aware, your problem aware, and your unaware stages of market awareness.

At these particular stages right here, Facebook's going to spend way more money on those. Now how does Facebook determine to spend on what ad set and what ads? Every time you create a Facebook ad creative and you launch it, those first couple impressions, Facebook's going to watch out for.

Hey, are people swiping past this creative or are people stopping to look at this creative? That's the first level of disjudgment. If a lot of people swipe past a ad in the early stages, Facebook will not spend money on it.

If a lot of people are stopping on your ad to watch it or look at it, then what's going to happen here is that Facebook's going to spend more money on it. Now the second level is, okay, a lot of people are stopping to scroll on this ad. Is there enough people to go ahead and spend money on this?

So for example, the percentage of people that are neuro brain surgeons versus the percentage of people that are construction workers, there's significantly more construction workers. So if we put an ad for construction workers and an ad for neuro brain surgeons in the same campaign, the construction workers ad would get way more spin because there's a lot more people out there that will resonate for construction workers. Whereas for brain surgeons, there's very few of those.

So it's going to get way less spin. This is very important to understand because what a lot of people will confuse this as is, Oh, Facebook spending more construction workers. And because of that, it's not converting.

And like the construction workers ads crushing, but it's just reality is, is that there's more spin that can go to construction workers. There's substantially more people to reach. Now, the next thing to talk about is scaling and also adding in new ad sets.

All I do is assuming this campaign's launch and live and stuff. I'll just come in and keep adding in new ad sets with creatives to, to into this campaign. And if I want to increase the budget, for example, I'll literally just come inside of here and I'll just go and increase this budget by 20% a day.

Go watch my YouTube video, how to scale Facebook ads in 2025. I go over our specific scaling strategy with how to increase budget and why I personally prefer 20% a day. Now, all I'll do is just keep adding in new ad sets in here with my new creatives.

And for the most part, I do one product or one product category in one country per campaign. So you choose one product or one product category. Reason why I say product category is because you may be a clothing brand with a t-shirt collection.

And then, or you might be someone like me who sells like my ebook or like my inner circle, which is two complete different products. And then I always do one country per campaign. Now, as far as adding in new ad sets, you can add as many as you want.

I do not have a number anymore for how many ad sets live at once. I do not have a number anymore for the number of ad sets I add in on a weekly basis. And the only time I'm turning an ad set off is on a seven day window.

If it's negatively hurting the performance for the campaign. And then from there, if I turn off something that's hurting the campaign negatively and it further worsens results, I'll just turn that ad set back on. Now, as far as adding a new ad sets, yes, I do not have a cap anymore for how many ad sets you could add in.

And I will no longer turn off ad sets on a seven day window. I'm just leaving them on. So that way, if something doesn't get spin within the first seven days, it still has opportunity to earn spin down the line.

Now, as far as unlimited number of ad sets you can add on a weekly basis, there's is a good thing and a bad thing. This is a good thing for people who actually go and practice all the marketing fundamentals I teach and go build high quality creatives every week that are strategically positioned. This is a terrible thing for people that just sit there and rip things offline and throw things at the wall and hope something sticks.

It's terrible for those people because those people, one, are impatient, two, they're just throwing random shit at the wall and they're not having any strategy to this. So it just won't work for them. Whereas the people that are actually properly practicing all the high level marketing psychology and consumer psychology that I preach on this channel and actually building creatives with intention each week, you're not going to go build a hundred creatives in a week, unless you have a massive team that'll probably cost you 25, 50 K a month.

So you're probably realistically only going to still fall into about three to six new concepts a week. And that's just based off your own capabilities and manpower on your team. Hopefully this was helpful for everyone.

Hopefully y'all were able to get everything in for this new update. If you have any further questions, drop it in the comments below. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you're interested for me to run your Facebook ads, click link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads. And if you want me to mentor you on a monthly basis, click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.