portals compute. All right. Awesome.

Good to see everyone today. I know last week we did the lesson with Chasen. So it was a little bit shorter of a call.

Today we're going to do our full normal about 90 minutes, two hour call, Q&A and everything like that. Just housekeeping real quick. Next Friday, I am flying to Miami for Jeremy Haynes' mastermind.

So there will be no Friday call next week, but there will still be a Thursday call with Coy for the general Q&A call right there. Today, I don't really have a super long lesson for y'all, but I've been noticing this in the group just after doing a lot of one-on-ones with you guys and everything. Y'all been doing a significantly better job at writing books since I've been ingraining the three key things around writing books, which is calling out your desire, implying that benefit, driving curiosity, and calling out that right person you want to watch your ad.

Now, today we're going to apply a little bit more to take that next step further, because I've been seeing a lot of y'all hooks look amazing, but they look just like everyone else's hook in your niche. And we have to go back to an advertising perspective of, hey, your whole goal with ads is to stand out against your competition. So now that you're like, you were like here, and then now you're like here, just par of everyone else.

But how do we go here? Because this is where those winning ads that are created that, in a way, create like your own blue ocean that you can scale into. I know there's, I got this from some copywriter online where it's like, instead of trying to compete with everyone else, I try to find the blue oceans that I can just, that no one else is tapping into.

So that way I have to do less work from an advertiser perspective to create winning ads. So today I want to kind of go a little bit more of how do we take those hooks to this next level? And I already give you guys a sheet, actually, about 33 different ways to strip in your headline inside the course.

But a lot of those like strip in the headlines, for example, does not really make sense if you don't really know what your market wants to see. So let me just give you a quick little example before we kind of go into it. Let's say, you know, let's say you're running a money offer where like, hey, you take my course, you make more money.

Maybe it's like my Facebook ads course. Hey, here's, take this course, you can make more money. So I can call it my deal audience.

Maybe it's the stay at home mom, to stay at home moms who wants to make more money. Just do this. And that's like that curiosity factor right there.

Well, they've already seen a couple offers. And, you know, they want to make, they don't want to make just more money. They want to make an extra thousand dollars a week.

And you're not aware of that. Your hook is just going to kind of stay where it's at. But if you do the research and everything, and you understand that, hey, it's stay at home moms who want to make an extra thousand dollars a week, and no one else is saying that, then we can strip in the claim by using the size of the claim with that, the hood, like headlight pattern, headline pattern.

And we can take that step above right there and call that out for the stay at home mom wants to make an extra thousand dollars a week. Just do this, for example. So that's how we can kind of beat the competition with that strip in the claim there.

So I want to kind of go through that real quick. So it'll be a super long lesson. It's actually a relatively simple lesson.

But it's definitely something that I've been noticing a lot with y'all folks, you know, when I'm reviewing them and everything like that. Let's see. What I want to do is I want to get some products we can use for today's call.

So if everyone who wants to participate, just drop a chat in the Zoom chat, just your product. That's it. And then, yeah, and I'll pick on a few people of y'all.

So in the Zoom chat, just drop your product, not your link or anything, just like the name of your product, whatever your product is. So let's say, for example, it's a make money online course for stay at home moms. Just in the Zoom chat, drop it below.

I'm going to pick a few people and I'm going to make some hooks on today's call with your product. All right. Cool.

Pre and probiotics for dogs. Is it Illa? I don't know if I'm saying your name right or wrong.

I dropped a message in the group chat yesterday with pre or probiotic example for an unaware ad. Let's see. Not sure if you saw that, but I definitely recommend checking it out.

Nitric oxide supplement. Ooh, I've never seen someone put a nitric oxide supplement for heart health. That's an interesting one.

All right. Ring, ring code for big dogs. Okay, cool.

A lot of good examples. We'll try to knock through a few of these right here. I'll ask a few questions as well.

All right, cool. So I'm just going to start off with pre and probiotics for dogs. We'll start off with that and I'll kind of go through a few different people.

All right. You know what? I am going to move.

Give me one second real quick because it's back. My dogs itself are actually. Sorry about that.

Y'all full tour of my house now. All right, cool. All right, sweet.

So let's look at pre and probiotics for dogs. Can you unmute yourself real quick and actually a couple of questions? Yeah, sure.

All right, cool. What's the main desire for your product? Stop yeast.

Stop yeast? Yeah, that's the biggest desire I'm seeing. Is it stop yeast or stop yeast infections?

Stop yeast infections. Stop persistent yeast infections even better. Okay, cool.

Is that what's worked best for you? Like from an advertising perspective, like you already had ads that talk about stop yeast infections? Yeah.

Is that the main hook you use or you use it for hook? Yeah, so the best ad we've got at the moment is that say goodbye to dog yeast infections. Okay, cool.

All right, sweet. That's good. What other products have they tried before yours?

Shampoos, like antifungal treatments, mostly topical products. So products for the symptoms mainly. Shampoos, topicals.

Okay. What's the reason why they hate shampoos? Shampoos.

They're not effective, so they do stop it, but they do get rid of the infection once it's there, but yeast still comes back because it just treats, it's just antifungal. So yeast is a fungus. So although the population goes down a bit, it comes back quite quickly.

So temporary yeast for them? Yeah, and they're chemical, most of them. Okay, cool.

And topicals is the same thing, just temporary gets rid of it? Yeah, there's different ones. Powders, which can clog the ears, for instance.

Okay, and your product itself, is that it permanently gets rid of it? Or what's the reason why your product is better? So it restores the defense needed to suppress yeast naturally.

Okay, so does that mean like, completely gets rid of it? Or like, can I still get yeast even after using the product? Or is it done?

For 99% of cases, it won't come back. As long as you treat the symptoms prior to starting taking the tablets, the dog will basically just restore the immune defense needed. So it's like fatty acids and a few other things inside their gut, which naturally keep yeast in check.

Like, it restores all of it. Cool. Solves the problem at the root versus...

Yeah. Okay, cool. All right, solid.

So here's where we have to look at is, okay, we want to write a hook to appeal to these people, right? We want to appeal to dog owners, and we want to appeal to dog owners specifically around yeast infections. Their problem is.

Yeast infections, the problem, they don't really know what the solution is. That's what we're looking at from right there. Now, some of the solutions on the market, they may have tried to solve this problem are shampoos, topicals, maybe even potentially vet visits.

So they try these other things. I don't really know what's the most common one, but we'll use shampoo, for example, for today as the most common one. Because another problem, another, like, con people have, or like, the problem people have is that they try to compare to too many solutions at once.

Yeah. So, just, sorry, just to note there, the most common one is actually dog food diets recommended by the vet. Mm, okay.

So, specifically, so the vet would say this diet will cure it, and the diet doesn't cure it. Is it the same thing? It just temporary gets rid of it?

Yeah. Or not at all, even, in most cases. Okay.

Cool, cool. All right. So, biggest problem with other solutions, temporary gets rid of it.

They take your, is it a pill? They take once a day? Yeah.

Okay, cool, cool. And then, that particular pill, take it once a day, yeast infection never comes back. When they stop taking that pill, does it come back?

Or does it stunt? It depends. For some dogs, yeah, it does come back.

Okay. Yeah. All right.

But, while taking it, it doesn't. Whereas, all other solutions, it doesn't do anything, sort of, towards the root cause. Got it.

So, let's just look at our market. So, this is where it's like, when we write our book, we want to understand our market. And this is where a lot of people kind of miss this at.

If we look at the standard, what I taught y'all, call it to our audience, imply a benefit, and drive curiosity. If we do the standard thing of that, how dog owners are stopping yeast infections. Right?

It does everything correctly. It calls out our audience. It implies a benefit.

The implied benefit is getting rid of yeast infections. And curiosity is the half. How dog owners are stopping yeast infections.

That's the basis of it. This will be better than, like, the typical person who just opened that account for the first time. This is going to get you on par with the market itself.

But, as an advertiser, that's where we want to take that next step, right? And the next thing here is to understand what your market has tried already and what they want. Because this way, we can address that in the hook.

Because if we address that in the hook, it's going to save me time. Because my biggest asset is time. If I am trying to solve a problem and every video is saying how dog owners are stopping yeast infections, and I've already tried other ways, I don't want to waste my time watching this 20-minute video just to tell me the same thing.

So it makes me not want to watch the ad at all. So how do we address that before they even watch the ad? And that's to call it on the hook.

And call it the fact that, hey, this is not just going to be another expensive dog food to die. This would be something here that's going to get rid of the yeast infection in the dog because it's going to solve it at the root cause. And it's been successful in 99% of cases.

I highly recommend you go and take that hook or rewatch this recording after and say exactly that in the first beginning. Yeah, that sounded great. Yeah.

And look, I haven't even seen your product, but I just know the little information I just got from you, and I was able to write. Yeah. Now that you understand that, I'm going to show you guys how to write the base hook and then also use Claude because Claude's been phenomenal for us for writing out hooks.

But before you can use this fancy AI stuff, you have to understand your market. And this is where a lot of people will fuck up using AI because they think they can just rely on AI only to write the books without doing the market research. And that's where all of you guys need to have a PhD in and from joining this group of just learning how to be an amazing market researcher.

And the whole point of market research is to better understand your market. I just better understood the market by the questions I asked you to better understand your market. Before now, I know kind of like that brief I need to write to get that result on one.

So let's see. Let me just rewrite this again. How dog owners are stopping yeast infections without expensive dog foods.

Okay. Okay. And then.

See, I just added a little extra like, I didn't just say stop. I said permanently stopping. Okay.

Now, if I'm someone who has gone through like 50 videos on YouTube that all said this and they all said the same thing. If I saw this as a title, would I be likely to click on that as a YouTube video? Yeah.

And why is that the case? Because the number one recommendation is a type of diet for your dog. And there are so many diets and so many things that people say you should and shouldn't feed your dog free from this, free from that.

That is just such common knowledge for people to suggest it. So it's kind of going against the narrative, given a bit of curiosity. Yeah.

There you go. It addresses the market sophistication. Correct.

So this is where I can be lazy as a copywriter now, because now that I understand where my market's at, I have to put less effort in writing a banging hook. Because now I literally said everything I needed to say. That's it.

I said everything I technically need to say. Now, how can I take this a step further? That's where I literally give you guys 33 hook patterns that y'all can just go rip.

Well, 32 to be exact. Y'all can literally just go rip these. These are in the course already.

They all come from breakthrough advertising. I like to use those 32. And then as I discover them, for example, like, I don't know about y'all, but like, at least I like to spend like maybe an hour a day just scrolling mindlessly on Instagram reels.

I label it as research. That's where I discover a lot of hooks. Some organic and paid.

I'm not biased to either one. I just like to figure out what's catching my attention. And as I find those, I'll also kind of like add them to this list or just like go create the ad idea.

But let's go and let's create this with Claude. I know I've showed you guys Claude once or twice. I highly recommend it.

It's significantly better than ChatGPT in terms of the language processing. I've been finding the copy it gives me is just way better compared to ChatGPT. So let's start writing this out.

We sell a pre... I'm just going to say a probiotic. Just to make it simpler.

Probiotic for dogs who are looking... Or for dogs... For dogs who have yeast infections.

Our target audience has already tried expensive dog food diets. I would say expensive is probably one of those. I know like my parents, they have to put their dog on a food diet for the exact same thing.

And I know for them it's like expensive compared to regular dog foods. So I would imagine dog food is a little bit more expensive too than your probiotic. I'm asking that question.

Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Yeah, they are.

They're quite expensive. All right. There we go.

Cool. So probiotic for dogs who have yeast infections. We're telling that.

Our target audience already tried expensive dog food diets and is looking... Oh. Did not work.

Let's see. Permanent solution. Expensive.

All right. Expensive and permanent stuff. Okay.

Cool. Cool. Now, cool thing about this sheet as well.

When y'all pulled it up. Literally, all I have to do is hit command A. Then control C.

And then I'll come in here. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. There we go.

Paste them in. Boom. Okay.

That is it. So, just so y'all can see that briefly one more time while it populates. we sell a probiotic for dogs who have yeast infections all right our target audience has already tried expensive dog food diets and they did not work we're addressing the sophistication level our audience is looking for a permanent solution so they realized taking those expensive those food diets they realized it wasn't a permanent solution it's only a temporary so know how i put permanent i did that intentionally so that way they could better understand what our audience is looking for then introducing our product that's where our product comes into play um i usually call it our product out specifically i just don't name your product and i just said please create me one hook for uh facebook ad with the 32 formulas below and then i just control v and paste it in here so and this will start giving us um ideas um let's see okay of course it doesn't want to do all there and two when i'm on a college show um but i do like this one right here banish your dog's yeast and vet infection for good without expensive diets or vet visits there you go have you tried anything similar to that yeah i like it we haven't used anything like that quite yet yeah feel the relief in just days again i'm not looking for everyone to be perfect i'm just simply looking for ideas that's also the next thing when you're writing better hooks and stuff and you're using quad is you simply just want to use this as an idea generator like i could sit down manually and just try to think all this out and that's just going to take me a while it'll take me two or three hours to really think through all of these or i can get the the base idea on paper and then i can just start looking at which ones do i like you know which which ones just grab my attention and then i can tweak it a little bit from there um all right fill the relief in just days so this one's focusing more on the speed um was there ever any negative reviews around the speed of other other solutions our the speed of our solution is very slow okay so in that case i wouldn't want to talk about speed and yeah also be looking at is that you're introducing a new mechanism in the marketplace you know because there's like foods there's topicals you're introducing appeal which is a new mechanism a new way to solve it so you really have to understand is what's the main reason why people hate the others and that's what you want to really be focusing on right like uh for like airlines for example when they first came out the whole thing they kept pushing was that our mechanisms better because we get to new places fast they didn't really talk about anything in this right because that was the main stop to beat cars in terms of speed um our probiotic fights yeast five times better than leading dog food brands um that's actually not a bad look right there i really like that because it's again it's showing the probiotic it's showing how it's better and then it's calling out what the other um solution is in the marketplace right there have you tried anything similar to this no cool well look you got like two hooks now off this call um all right melt away stubborn yeast with yeast away probiotic uh i'm not a super big fan of that um i you know because again it's not really like melting away like fat feels like stubborn fat uh but maybe you could do some work on that but that's also where that's an idea that yeah that's also where like the next process comes in play it's like okay cool let's look at the first hooks that we just like right away and then from there let's go create ads around those now then we can come back to this and it's okay what are the hooks that not necessarily were ready right away but we can maybe play around with and like that's where like i would start to look at this in terms of like melt away stubborn yeast right here um watch your dog's itchy irritated skin transform with yeast away not bad um it just doesn't address really the you know the sophistication level right like this is this is something for people who are problem aware um but they haven't really tried anything else yeah cool miserable to playful again i do like that one just not really addressing the sophistication um do do leave who else wants to in their dogs yeast misery without breaking the bank so if price was the biggest objection over all of the other um like mechanisms then this would be a really good one right here how to conquer your dog's chronic yeast for good uh you can maybe add without expensive diets um to that so you can kind of tweak it a little bit before yeast away yeast always return but now dogs stay symptom free i love that a lot cool uh newly discovered probiotic strain or strain conquers canine yeast like never before not a bad one right there um yeah a lot of these ones here i'll uh here like i'll copy it and drop it in the chat for you you can uh i don't know if even zoom isn't allowed me to paste that um i'll try to paste it into telegram for you if you message me after call um but yeah so here what i would do is now we have some better hooks that are better than just like dollar owners are stopping yeast infections we addressed the then we took it to the next level we addressed the proper sophistication everything and then we took even a step further and we made it even better um you know creatively with uh the strengthening the headline pattern and stuff like that um from here you know i'm not going to go into like a writing a script type of call here but i know we saw this one was really good uh banish your dog's yeast infection for good about expensive vets uh diets for vets and stuff like that uh for here i'll even tell paul like write me um a rough draft or write me a 30 to 60 second facebook video ad with this hook boom and then now i'll have my rough draft or that hook then i'll copy that over into my google doc and start editing that um just like i've showed you guys countless other calls um very good specifically into uh you know like the different stages of editing that we do right there so but cool this is solid um do you have any other questions around your specific product with this no this has been really good actually um i think it's it's gonna be just a matter of like pumping out ideas now yeah so just the key thing i want you to remember right is that people are already tried other ways and then why did they hate those other ways that's the key thing right there is understanding why they hated it because that's where you really want to focus on this like if they all hated it because of the speed like all the other ways took 30 days whereas yours took two days then i would just be hammering speed and everyone of how fast it does like that's that's what i would be doing and i'd just be finding a whole bunch of different ways to showcase how ours is the fastest and that's that's going to give you that competitive advantage in the marketplace um yours specifically though is all the others the temporary yours permanently solved so i'd be hammering hard how yours continuously permanently solves yeah yeah yeah that's amazing with ease as well yeah and that's going to give you that direction now with the different types of ads we can create around continuously showcasing how it permanently solves this problem that's amazing thank you you're welcome all right who wants to go next let's see who else we can pick on in here um okay let's see let's see olivia we can jump on yours with the rings real quick i think that'd be a good one awesome you'll like it so far this is good you'll like this that's a little bit a different type of lesson i normally do but uh i know y'all like these kind of work with me type things um here i'll paste the prompt really quick in there for y'all someone requested the prompt um there we go all right olivia let's go through this what are you selling we're selling fake engagement rings all right what's the desire the desire is to have a beautiful piece of jewelry for an affordable cost okay all right cool what have they tried before yours what was that what was that we have a trial before your product um they could have bought a ring on amazon um they could have probably bought real diamonds um or like a silicone ring okay okay and why have they failed with um amazon rings what was that i'm sorry i don't know if it's my internet that keeps cutting out or yours i think it's mine um why have they failed with amazon rings um the amazon rings failed because they turned their finger green or didn't they looked super fake just bad quality okay and uh out of amazon silicone or real diamonds what's the most common one they've done before yours real diamonds okay and why have they failed with that um either it got damaged or they lost it or it's no longer their style they can't afford the ring upgrade like jennifer said they got a tiny stone when they got engaged and now they're older and want a bigger stone but they can't quite afford to go out and buy a real diamond okay and of all these what's the most common of them um um the most common is probably that they want an upgrade but they can't afford it okay cool okay cool so let's look at a few different things right here um um so they can't afford it so price is the biggest objection here right so price is the biggest objection and but why do they want a real diamond because it looks beautiful right they want that real diamond they want that that look but they just simply want that for under a certain price right yeah uh what's that price price is like they're very price sensitive they're deal shoppers for sure yeah so but what's that like you know is it under twenty thousand dollars is it under ten thousand dollars is it under fifteen five hundred dollars hundred dollars what's the uh for my solution yeah it's under 200.

that's what we always say but right now we're doing a special where they're under a hundred almost got it got it so um i mean you can start off with something simple like that diamond replicas under two hundred dollars right um problem here is now you're starting to get into a whole nother market and that's amazon and silicon rings right so because you're not the first person ever in the world to make a ring that diamond replica right right so real diamonds isn't your issue it's hey i'm looking for a diamond replica of all these different diamond replicas i see why should i choose starlight gallery yeah because ours are made to not turn your finger green they look almost identical to a real diamond they don't fade they don't change no one can tell the difference our old slogan was if they can't tell the difference why should you quality you said uh the difference those finger green quality and then um they couldn't tell the difference yeah to the naked eye you can't tell the difference of our stones versus a real diamond god and would you say all three what's the biggest one the biggest um thing that would push somebody to us yeah yeah is that they look incredibly real okay all right so you can start with something simple like that that's your base claim right there um now keep in mind here you're you're still like 90 visual with this product and about 10 copywriting but but that's where the copywriting is going to drive the type of creatives you create because right now we're not competing with real diamonds you know like i would never go purchase fake diamond or like for example i'm looking at getting another watch right now for my collection i would never go purchase a like another fake watch and no one could sell me on the idea of purchasing a fake watch but if i was like traveling and i just wanted to buy a fake rolex while i go to puerto rico for example colombia for example you know then i would be actively looking at different fake ones and which one has the best look without the price deck right so i really wouldn't be trying to go after people that are already have real diamonds um but i would definitely be in the market for people that are already looking at replicas because here's a ton of replicas me and you both know that so what is that you know why how does yours beat all of the other replicas well that's where like yours has the most incredible look right so how can we just hammer on that that's the real question right there that's where every creative we create we want to showcase how our replicas look completely like you know like realistic to the point where it's like holy crap that's a replica that's literally what people to think about every time they have that yeah so um yeah let's roll with claude we'll uh we'll create a few here but does that kind of give you some focus now where you need to be yeah definitely and like we do have a wealthier clientele but the hardest part about them is they don't tell people that they're wearing our rings like we have influencers that have like half a million or a million followers and they they like keep it private and there's no way to get there get them to tell that it's fake so i think that i'm shooting too high when i'm going for that audience yeah yeah and if you go off there's like super up people yeah like they're not going to purchase a replica right um unless they're actively in the market for it because they're traveling somewhere that'd be the only case right there yeah now that's also another key thing in this lesson is like we're gaining more focus of where we need to play at because while it's great to do creative testing and testing different angles and different like desires and stuff like that it's more important to understand like what's the main positioning you need to play yet so we can we can create a lot of different variety to best showcase that position if that makes sense so like you know if i understand everyone wants to watch videos on youtube and how to scale facebook ads i'm not just going to create one video on youtube on how to scale facebook ads and then you'll watch it and then oh it didn't do great let me just never touch that again i'll create a variety of different ways to showcase that um to put my best effort in at crossing off before i move over to something else so i do see that sometimes with students where it's like they will try one type of positioning and they'll do a half-assed job at the creative and then they'll just move on to the next thing and then they're like yeah that position doesn't work um we've taken over some ad accounts before where they like told us all these beliefs they had of what didn't work and we completely obliterated all those beliefs and actually they will scale their account much further by simply just addressing that right there um you know i made this great example i think last week and i think i did again this week on the call it's like if we had the um you know a tough phone case for example um you know what do you guys think would work better for a tough phone case a photo image and just a tough phone case for me dropping it off a building and picking it up and showcasing how it's not broken you know this will likely work significantly better as an ad right there because we're putting better emphasis of the actual creation of that creative right there um and we're not just visually like saying it we're visually showcasing it as well um so that's where the copy and the script powers the creative and i already showed you guys in the script writing paul how i go through i have to write my script how can i envision to articulate this the visuals are with cell people and that's also like another thing to leave with you guys if you don't want to keep people you know your little quote or whatever um hold up one second i need to just quickly answer this real quick Hmmm all right sorry about that guys i have my neighbors right now are getting a new roof and they made a mess in my backyard so my neighbors were calling me to go open up the gate for them um so i'm gonna open up the gate for them but let me give you just one quick tidbit real quick i'll be back in like 10 seconds um people believe what they see they do not believe what they hear and if you can apply that methodology with every single creative you make that's going to give you significantly better results inside of your traders so when you're making a script that's great but when you're actually going film those visuals ask yourself hey what are the visuals we need to showcase that's going to best articulate this point right here what's going to increase that believability in my ads um that's also why every youtube video because i know all you guys came from my youtube channel i showcase results for clients i don't just say hey we did the three extra hours or hey we did this really cool strategy on facebook and you got this result i try to showcase as much digits i can from ads managers and things like that because people believe what they see not they hear and i'll notice that in a lot of the creators from reviewing which you guys are one-on-one calls where it's like y'all have a really great script but it's just simply the visuals don't allow me to believe that particular scenario right there so um let's look at this real quick and then i need to unlock the door real quick um let's go ahead and make this quick little script real quick for olivia um so we sell they really want to call it faith engagement rings uh diamonds you could say okay thank you thank you Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. All right, cool. I'm going to put this going through and then you'll give me 10 seconds real quick when I unlock the door.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

All right, I'll see anything y'all like. You're shaking your head like you got some inspiration over there, Libby. Is that a good thing?

Yeah, I definitely did. I like the celebrity one because our winning ad right now is the Haley Bieber ad. It like started to just take off where we have Haley Biebers.

And so it says nine out of 10 celebrities choose our replicas. Yeah, lots of good stuff. Yeah, you also have to understand it's like, you know, people want diamond replicas because they can't afford the real thing, right?

But why do they want to let diamond replicas? For the recognition, to stand out, for the bullying and everything like that. You know, they want to purchase the real thing.

They just simply don't have the funds yet. But they appeal to that kind of authority type thing that level nothing like. So when we start adding other authorities in there, that kind of increases the perceived value a little bit as well to your rings.

Yeah, we're pressing number one responses that they get so many compliments. Like, I didn't realize that till we went through all of our reviews. And that's like what they always say is I get so many compliments.

So they want people to compliment them. I've had trouble, though, finding an angle where it's like about getting compliments. Yeah.

All right. Let's look at some of these. Our diamond replicas are indistinguishable from $20,000 rings.

I would change indistinguishable. It's a lot of word right there to kind of read. But I'll definitely look at that like that.

Instantly upgrade your look of our diamond replicas. I don't like that at all because now we're – that's great if we were like the first ever diamond replicas, right? But we're not.

There is other diamond replicas. But what makes ours better? Our replicas shine three times brighter than other imitations.

I love that right there. I know you tried a $20,000 ring and a $200 ring. Maybe you tried a $200 ring and another $200 ring from like other replicas and showcase how yours look like a $20,000 ring.

Yeah. We did that one where I said shines 10 times as bright. And it does okay.

It's a good like remarketing kind of thing. And also, too, look at like maybe 30% bright. 25.

Okay. When you say 10X bright, it's too big of a claim that makes it seem fake. Okay.

It's like if I said, hey, Olivia, I'll help you get like a 20X ROAS. You'd be like, okay, hey, like I've been in the game long enough, like, and I've done everything. Like 20X is a little kind of fishy there.

I would believe it from you, Nick. If I said it, yeah. That's a great lesson right there of authority marketing and how authority marketing works really well.

But some random person you didn't have a relationship with said that. You'd be kind of like, okay. Like I saw there's this one like Facebook ads agency that's claiming they can get 100X ROAS.

And I'm like, yeah. But they have like five followers on their Instagram and they just started running ads. Sounds kind of fake.

All right. Feel the luxurious weight of our diamond replicas on your finger. Ooh, I love that.

So like, I know when like I bought my Rolex, for example, it was a lot heavier than the Invicta that I was wearing, like the $100 watch. And some fake stuff tends to be a little bit lighter. So if your ring has these other like kind of like facets to it that make it feel even realer, I really love that a lot.

That's actually a really interesting one. Oh, even jewelers can't tell a replica from the real thing. That'd be pretty cool.

Can you bring a jeweler in to review your ring? That'd be pretty cool. Yeah.

They gasped when she rebuilt her ring was a replica. Give it a $20,000 look about the 20K price tag. I like that.

Nine out of 10 celebrities. I think you're already going to call that one right there. Our 18 step inspection.

This would be a good like product to wear type ad right here, where it's like, we just really want to showcase the work that goes into every ring. That's also even great for your product page as well. Goes into how much work.

Like this is not, like when I think of a replica, I think of like in China, in a manufacturer, it's just quickly filling out plastic molds and that's it. There's a little bit more work that goes into yours to really make your stand out. That'd be pretty cool right there.

Who else wants to pull their friends? It's an interesting one. Yeah.

A lot of good stuff. Did you get at least a few from this? Yeah, definitely.

Can I message you later to grab it from you? Yeah. I'll copy this whole thing and send it to y'all.

Yeah. Just wherever I do this for send me a message on telegram and we can send it over to y'all. Can you go back up to the prompts for that?

Like what did you initially put there into plot? Here. I'll fix it up to y'all.

There you go. There we go. All right.

Cool. Okay. I didn't realize the time already.

We're already at like 2.15. And this is supposed to be a short lesson. Long story short here.

Are y'all getting the main point that I'm making this call right here? Of how do you take the disadvantages of other brands and what people hate about other brands to use that in your hook to make your product stand out? And specifically calling out like the main desire around it.

Like your desire is for around a replica that looks good. We're really hitting on how this replica looks better than all the other replicas. And we're exaggerating that a little bit.

Are y'all all understanding that key part of this lesson here to improve y'all hooks? Okay. Cool.

We got about 45 minutes left. Do y'all want me to keep doing y'all products? Because I'm having fun with this.

Or we can jump into general Q&A. What do you guys prefer? Drop a comment in the chat.

Hooks. Levi said hooks. Come on.

There's like 10 other you guys. Only one person dropped hooks. Which y'all want to see.

Keep it this. More products, please. Okay.

Cool. Sweet. We'll keep doing that.

All right. Let's see. Who has next?

I'm just going to kind of go through what you guys dropped. Okay. We did probiotics.

All right. Alonzo. Alonzo got the anime art.

All right. Anime art. Great.

Great thing that we can start talking about art. Alonzo, are you still in here? Yeah.

Yeah. All right. Cool.

Hey, how'd you enjoy connecting with Josh? I'm trying to build the Shopify website. And I have to check a lot of things of taxes for the United States that I haven't figured out yet.

But yes, it seems pretty good. Awesome. Cool.

Sweet. So let's look at anime art. This is going to be a fairly simple one right here.

I'm not going to lie. So when you deal with art, I've dealt with a lot of art brands. So this is not the first art brand that I've talked about.

When it comes down to art brands, you're 100% visual. I'm not going to lie. Okay.

You are 100% visual. Like 5% of the performance is going to be the hook. From my experience with wall art brands itself is that you have like a couple different ways with the hook.

And that's either gifting or leveling up your space. That's it. The key thing here, though, is that you want to be more focused on identity marketing.

So we'll still do this. I want to show you a little bit. But products, anime, art, desire.

Is it desire for a gift or is it desire to... There's like 20% of the people that buy from us is to gift it. But the 75% of the rest is for themselves, basically.

Okay. And then why are they buying it for themselves? To decorate their space with something that represents a part of themselves.

Or a part of their hobbies. Okay. Cool.

What products did you try before? Maybe paper posters. Stickers.

And... I can't think of more, to be honest. And why do they fail with paper posters?

The majority of the people that prefer products and have tried paper posters, things that think that paper posters look cheap, look low quality. And in general, the majority of the times make your space look a little bit childish. Okay.

Cool. So... This one right here, I wouldn't call out limitations of like looking cheap.

I wouldn't say that in the headline. Because it looks cheap. This is one of those where I said, literally told you guys earlier, always show instead of say.

When it's necessary, right? This is a great example. It's going to be purely show.

So... Acrylic anime art to level up your gaming setup. Right.

This is where like the visual will be high-end shots of the art on the wall. Yeah. Another thing that I wanted to tell you is that we have tried to make only ads that is music in the background and some shots of the product, maybe a text hook.

But the majority of the times we have done that, it happened, haven't really performed well. The majority of our ads that really performs well is an ad with a script. And maybe a guy telling a story of how he decorated his room with anime wall art.

I like that. That's good. All right.

Let's still get you something flowing here. So we sell acrylic anime art for gamers to enhance look of their gaming setup. They've tried paper posters in the past, but they look cheap.

Okay. Let's cheat and not professional. All right.

I have no clue what we're going to get from this, but we're about to see. Please create me hooks from the templates. Okay.

I'm going to paste this now because I'm going to go in the X-bar. There we go. All right.

Watch out. I'm going to show you guys that again. So I'm hitting shift and enter.

Just kind of create some space right here. I'm coming to this sheet that again, y'all all have access to in the group. Control A to select it all.

Then I'm hitting control C or command C from the Mac. And then I'm just simply pasting it. And then I'm hitting answer.

That is it. All done. Figure out what we get.

Transform your gaming space with a massive 30 by 36 inch acrylic anime art. Instantly elevate your setup of our vibrant acrylic designs. Oh, I'll actually really like that.

Why? Because it's not just saying acrylic designs or acrylic anime art. It's giving a little personality to it.

And a little bit of like flair to it. Oh, so this one's going for durability. Our acrylic art is five times more durable.

I like that. But just keep in mind, the reason why they didn't like paper posters is because they look cheap. Not because they ripped easier things like that.

They just didn't like it to look cheap. I agree. I mean, it's why I bought this wooden ass thing right here.

Immerse yourself in a world of anime of our captivating acrylic art. Feel the smooth, glossy surface of our premium acrylic prints. Oh, I actually really do like this one right here.

Top Twitch streamer. So this is a little bit of authority. Yeah, that's what it's like.

Like Olivia just made a really good example earlier of why authority marketing works so well. Because I said, hey, I can get you 20 extra ROAS. She would believe me.

But some random person said I can get her 20 extra ROAS. She'd be like, she'd look out crazy. Authority marketing works phenomenal.

Ooh, gallery quality. This is another way to kind of showcase authority. A lot of people put like museums and like these high-end art galleries.

So gallery quality anime art without the custom framing costs. That's a pretty cool one. Nine out of 10 pro gamers prefer acrylic art for their setups.

Ooh, you can do like a gamer acrylic art on the side of him. And you can do like a little like hook on an image ad right there. Okay.

Who else wants to upgrade their gaming setup with jaw-dropping anime art? Not bad. Not my favorite though.

You like to do a lot of like storytelling. Here's a great example. How to create a gamer's paradise for acrylic anime masterpieces.

That's a really good one right there. You can do like how to transform your gaming setup of our acrylic anime masterpiece. And then you can like showcase someone like setting it up and everything.

Another type of authority, but this one's more focusing on the designs. Before doll walls, after an electrifying anime art display. Yeah.

For the perspective of text and a hook versus visuals on this product, would you say that the majority of the power of the ad will be on the visual hook? So the text hook wouldn't make a big of a difference depending on what you put. This type of product is all visual.

So the hook is going to have significantly better impact than the rest of the script. That's completely... The hook is always going to have way more impact than the rest of the script.

But if I'm looking at the text hook or the visual hook, the visual hook is going to have a better impact in this particular case. Your product, Jim's product, and Zach's products are all going to be product first, then hook in terms of what plays a bigger impact. The rest of the script though, the hook always beats the rest of the script.

You have to understand, you're simply watching something because of the hook, what the hook says. Like, look at Mr. Beast's channel.

You're seeing the hook first, then you're clicking on the video of what you want to watch. Same thing when it comes down to Facebook ads and all that. And to find visual hooks, what way would you find or look for good visual hooks?

So, how do I find good hooks? With visual hooks, yes. Yeah.

So, right now, I'm just simply looking at, here's our kind of brief right here. And now, I'm just simply kind of looking through these hooks to figure out what articulates that brief the best. That's it.

What's capturing my attention? What's really kind of grabbing my attention? I'm putting myself in the customer shoes, and then I'm looking at this from a customer perspective.

Like, bro, I'm telling you right now, this 9 out of 10, or like top Twitch streamer, or like 9 out of 10 pro gamers, you can even do like 9 out of 10 Twitch streamers, prefer acrylic art for their setups. Like, that, I would, I'd write there a love. Can you go build a partnership with a Twitch streamer to articulate that?

That might be out of budget. Maybe. I don't know your situation.

But, let's just give you an example. That's a really good one right there. Okay.

Going through, because something else that's also really cool, for y'all who don't know, Alonzo hand makes these acrylic arts, every order he gets. So, you can even showcase a really cool like video, like close-ups of the process. And it's new, a lot of close-ups to where you don't show the rest of your manufacturing plant, but just like, yeah, you can create a really cool video with that.

This again, will be more of that like product aware stage. People that's already in your funnel, they already attempted to purchase your product. This is also something you can showcase on your product page right here.

Yeah. Yeah. So.

Cool. Did you get some ideas for this? Yeah, yeah.

For sure. I will test some. Right now, I'm starting the wheel of content creators, because I'm starting to work with some content creators here and there.

But yeah, I will try to recreate some ads with this. Cool. Which one's sticking out to you the most?

The one of the streamers, like top Twitch streamer set of showcase or stunning anime acrylic ballart. Right. That's a nice one.

If you could go find all the Twitch streamers in your area and just send them a free poster or a free anime art, just be like, hey, look, whatever you want in the store, free. Send it to them. And then just be like, as long as I can get a clip of you with the product and then start putting in all your ads.

One of our clients was a Twitch streamer and he opened the box in live stream. And do you think that we can get that content and make an ad around that? Absolutely.

Yeah. Yeah. I definitely.

So. Cool. Yeah.

As long as you have a few takeaways from this. All right. Let's go to the next person.

Do you do? Yeah. I really liked all these types of calls, which also I'm glad y'all getting value from this.

All right. All right. Jennifer.

So you're in the same boat as him. But we'll start. We'll do you next.

And we should have enough to go through everyone else. Tom. All right, Jim.

What product you got? Specifically, our T-shirt that says, breaking news, I'm about to be petty. Can you hear me?

Oh, yeah, I can hear you. Okay. All right.

What's the desire for your product? The desire is to share your pettiness with the world, to gain attention, to look good. To look good.

Like I saw a recent review that said, if you don't like being the center of attention, don't buy this. So, you know, definitely like being, people turn their heads when you walk by, if you're wearing this. Got it.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

I'm really going to focus on the attention one for yours, because if I'm wearing that shirt, I'm not wearing that because it's comfortable. Like, let's just be real here. You say that wearing it because it's comfortable?

Yeah. I'm not wearing a shirt that says, breaking news, I'm about to be petty, because it's comfortable. Like, I'm going to wear my plain black shirt, or like one of my other T-shirts.

Yeah. Or I want to stand out. I'm going to wear this shirt.

Okay. So, I'm not saying your shirt's not comfortable now. I know you make a shirt, but when you have two.

Nobody cares about it. Yeah. And you have two different benefits.

What's the benefit that's going to stand out the most specifically for your shirt? That's where it's in. That makes sense.

So, they've never really failed at other products, because. I'm going to turn off my Wi-Fi, I think. My internet's trash.

Let me see. Oh, she, oh, she got to do that before. Okay.

I'm going to start pumping this out though anyway. Can you ask that question one more time? I couldn't hear it.

All right. All right. So, they've never really failed at any products, right?

You know, like, oh, with shirts, but like, it never really was a fail, right? So, like, that's also like the other thing to keep in mind with, like, when you start getting into these things. Like, I'll give you a great example.

Like, I've bought jeans before that I technically failed with it, because they're like either way too tight, or like, they just didn't have the right fit. Yeah. This product right here, we're purely doing it just to get attention.

And, um, we're not really going to like, we're not really going to get upset if we didn't get the attention. You know, we're not going to be like, right. You know, it's not going to be the same, like, compared to the other.

We'll be a little let down. Right. But this won't, because, and you can also, like, if you're, you're competing for attention, the desire for attention.

I mean, uh, you know, I just bought some new shoes that technically get me attention. Um, I, I bought a Gucci shirt once in my life that technically gets me attention, right. When I wear it.

So like, there's other products that are not necessarily just t-shirt that they, right. So, um, but, uh, you know, we'll, we'll say like, Hey, like unlike other products, um, this one has a funny saying on it that really gets people's attention. Whereas like the other ones, other things, they, like materialistic type.

I was. Some fails. I would say those, like if they bought it online from a different company and it ended up being too small or the size of the print was like tiny or like, it wasn't a good quality print, um, where like the shirt was trash basically.

So I've seen things like that were like unsure. Is that what people say? Yeah.

I would not. The majority of people know the majority of people are on the, I got compliments. Everybody.

I worked with it. Yeah. Okay, cool.

All right. Um, I got some ideas for you. Let's just say.

Luxury products. They bought. But didn't get any attention.

Yeah. Maybe they tried purchasing Gucci shirt. Maybe a Rolex.

Yeah. They tried some of these. They had the Gucci belt.

Nobody cared. Yeah. Yeah.

You know, I'll see that a lot of bars where like people go in dressed up. And then like the dude with the pink shirts getting most attention. Right.

So, um, so yeah, so maybe they, they spent a lot of money on these other luxury products that they bought, but just didn't get any attention from it. Okay, cool. This would be an interesting group here.

It took me three products to figure out, to go grab the 32 hooks. I was like, Oh, whoo. Okay.

Pulling out the desire. Now we're going to go to a sophistication level. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. I think I'll pull my Louis Vuitton purse around the bottom of their closet.

I think you could do like a split screen of like a girl by herself in the corner wearing a Louis Vuitton. And then you could do like another one with like a girl wearing like breaking news, being petty with like three girls behind her. 10X more attention grabbing than any designer label.

Ooh, I love this one. Instant conversation starter, just add our petty t-shirt. Literally.

Our petty tee turns five times more heads than luxury brands. Ooh, I love that. Ooh, I love this one.

Unleash your inner diva with our unapologetically petty t-shirt. This one, I love this one so much because this one hits more on the identity of the person. Okay.

Okay. Yeah. So it's like, what type of girl would wear a petty t-shirt?

You know, like who's, what's her personality like? And likely she's wearing a petty shirt. She might be a little bit of a diva.

Right. Absolutely. She's right.

It was all about her. She's stylish. She's coordinated.

So embrace that. Lift her up about that. Like likely she got a lot of negative compliments in her life about being a diva.

Embrace that. Really like make her feel really good about being a diva. And then showcase how to be a better diva with this petty t-shirt.

And clearly we need to drop a petty diva shirt. There you go. There you go.

I'm still waiting for the little mess petty. Petty, I think that's going to be good. It's on my list.

It's on my list. I'm like, after you said, I'm totally making that shirt. Yeah.

I could just see a guy standing next to his girlfriend and she like looking up to him, me mugging him. And she's the only one with the shirt that says little mess petty. That's cute.

Yeah. Yep. Now that's my warehouse supervisor and his wife.

So. There you go. He's like big spore.

He plays basketball. So. They ignored her until she wore a petty tee.

I wouldn't even put then when Josh dropped, but I would put this. Just this by itself. They ignored her until she wore a petty tee.

Or a petty tee. Ooh, these are some good ones. I like these.

So like all of these could be different ad concepts right here. So like. Yeah.

You want that attention and then you're just having a, like each hook could be a different DCT with a different like scenario. Like for example, like you could visually, like when you read they ignored her until she wore a petty tee. Just think about that for a second of what type of creative you're going to do for that.

And then look at unleash your inner diva of her unapologetically petty t-shirt. There's probably a different idea that pops up in your head when you think about it. Yeah.

Like this one, I think of a girl with like, you know, sunglasses on, her purse is like this and she has that on her shirt. She's like busted open the door. There you go.

And then where it's like, get all, they ignored her until she wore a petty tee. Maybe you could have like a girl wearing, like three girls behind her talking, trying to talk to her. You know, maybe like her walking forward and like trying to like, you know, head high and the people behind her trying to like catch up to her and talk to her.

So like you'll get these different creative ideas from these hooks and this is exactly what I do. I just, hey, this is the focal point of how we're trying to focus our product and the hook drives the different creative ideas we have. Yeah.

And then we'll film a lot of different variety. That's also the key thing. So we're going to have creative diversity.

So we're not using the same creative over and over and over. If we like, if I just use one creative for all of these, some of them just wouldn't make sense. And I would just essentially get to the point where it's like, okay, you showed the same creative over and over.

Like show me something new to talk about the dopamine receptors in your target audience. So with like 32 options, that's something where we could be testing one a week, right? For the rest of the year.

Two a week. Yeah. Two a week.

And like, let's just say, for example, they ignored her until she wore a petty tee. Let's just say that was her winner. So now, what are all the different ways we could say this to have like other variety of creatives as well?

And then, what are different environments? What are different women we could use? Older, younger.

What are different ethnicities as well that we could leverage in there? Those are all different other things we could do once we find that winning messaging right there. Got you.

Nick, can I answer something that was- Sorry, Jen, go ahead. Go for it, Zach. I was just going to say like this would be on the screen.

It'd be a visual headline or something like something along these lines or is it just being acted out in the creative? Both. Both.

Okay. Both, both. It'd be on the screen and acted out.

Yeah. Messaging drives the vision. Gotcha.

That's what I understand the most. So, how would you visually articulate this? How could you visually showcase this, create that, and then put this in the beginning as your hook?

Gotcha. Got you. And I think Zach had a question.

Yeah, sorry, Jen. I'm kind of multitasking so I'm like in and out. My only confusion with this is when we're setting up the hook, what is the best way to implement it?

Is it in the copy, in the headline, a text across the screen before it starts? And I know the video has to correlate with it, but that's where I'm getting confused. Text on the screen.

Text on the screen. Always. Okay.

Always on the screen. I got it. Yeah.

Body copy and have about a 10% impact. Creative has an 89% impact. Perfect.

So it's got to be in the creative on it. Yeah. Yeah.

just visual a visual explanation for you guys. Just make sure you all understand that. That's going to be here is like, you know, for example, the hook once we need a black old mushroom elixir and then this is just our sub hooks and stuff, but that's the main hook right there.

Here's another one, the anti-lazy elixir. That's our hook. This is a video right here.

This video, little known secret about Medicare. That's the visual hook. Here's another visual hook really quick for y'all just to showcase this.

I don't want to get sidetracked, but just make sure you guys understand this. Here's why your health needs these superfoods every day. That's our, that's our hook as well.

That's all of these things that we're showcasing today. Just so y'all know how to implement this. The hook drives the rest of everything else.

The hook drives the visuals. The hook drives the script. The hook drives, even if it's a photo, we still create a script with a photo.

What's going to go in that photo? It drives everything. Everything starts with your phone.

If the, if the video is about like 15 seconds long, how long should we let that hook on there for? Because example, my video, it pretty much took up, like you said, not to leave the text up there the whole time because you couldn't see the product. So how long do you think we should leave that up for?

Long enough I'm going to read it. Okay. So like four or five seconds.

Okay. Perfect. It's long enough so I can read it.

Like if you do it too fast, it's just going to be like, I can't even read this. What the fuck am I looking at? If it's too slow, I'll be like, okay, like, you know, again, people have attention disorder when it comes to social media.

So, you know, four to five seconds is like four to five minutes in social media world now. Now one, let me see. Wait, it was one about announcing to the world or something like that.

It made me think of like having a woman wearing our shirt stepping outside with a bullhorn and she could just scream like, break your news, I'm about to be petty or, you know. There you go. That's another example.

You're getting ideas. But the key thing here is that you're understanding what type of things you need to articulate to appeal to your target audience. That's the key thing here.

Yeah. And having all of these ideas right now is also helpful because I just get so confused. Okay, but this is helpful.

This is helpful, helpful. Thank you. You're welcome.

And that's where it's like, hey, we're using AI, but before, like, the key thing I want you all to understand here is that, yes, we're using AI, but we're also coming from the perspective of applying desire, applying awareness, and applying sophistication in the brief when we give it to the AI. So, like, a level one marketer is just going to go to Claude and say, hey, we have a t-shirt, create me a photo album. That's literally it.

That's what a level one marketer will do. Level two marketer will understand, like, market awareness, more sophistication, and they'll be like, hey, we have a t-shirt, can you please make it to product aware, market awareness, market sophistication level two for the desire for a t-shirt or something like that. And they'll get an okay script back because, again, that's what I did about a year ago and for AI, first came back.

Then a level three is to be like, okay, I'm going to use awareness, I'm going to use sophistication to create my brief. I'm going to create my brief in the perspective of where the customer is at in life right now. And that's how I'm going to give it to AI so AI can better understand that.

And that's how we're getting really good feedback from some of these hooks and headlines. That's what I'm trying to articulate to you guys to really help y'all stand out in the marketplace. And as mentioned a dozen times already in this call, you're understanding from other people what the negative reviews are, and then we're showcasing that in our hook as, hey, we don't have that or we're better than that.

So, so hopefully a lot's making sense to y'all. Thank you. You're welcome.

Thank you. All right. Let's see.

We got time for one more. Let's see. Levi is next.

Is Levi still in here? Yep. Levi is still in here.

All right. Cool. Can you drop my prompt?

Yeah. Let me drop your prompt real quick. There we go.

And I know this is in the course, but just in case y'all can't find it, that's the link to the headline document using today. And then, like I said, those who I did these briefs for, I'll send it over to y'all. What I'll do is I'll actually add them all in here and send it over to y'all.

Okay. Levi, are you there? Yep.

All right. You have electric tube brush, right? Yep.

All right. Cool. What's your design?

The two biggest ones we're able to scale is the first one is like gum health. So, retracting gums, like preventing them. That is the winning desire right now.

All right. Preventing retracting gums. Like that?

Yep. All right. Cool.

What's some of the products they fell that? mostly it is the, like the dentist recommend, like your plasticity, it's just like actively. So that's like the solution they fell that because like the electric process with the round head that can be irritating towards the gums.

So that is one of the causes. And then another one, like the movement can actually like get the dirt between the gums. So basically round headed to process.

Then there's like special mouthwash. And then there's some, some like other stuff, but mostly it's just like they tried to do it, like just like actively prostrate it, but that isn't working for them. and or like or winning hook is literally hold on, let me pull that up.

Do your gums retract even though you cross your teeth every day? See how 150K fins solve the problem. Very cool.

And you said your USP is the type of head your brush uses? Yeah, it's it's not like a like the rotating cross is like a ultrasound so it basically like a white bridge. Well, what's the name of the tech?

What was that? What's the name of the technology? It was like ultrasonic, but there was some like patent stuff.

Like I'm not sure how you were like supposed to word it. So it's actually like legal to say because there's a patent in EU, but I think it was ultrasonic technology. That's something that we were calling out.

All right. Cool. See if I can get this.

It's been interesting. wanted to. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

The ultrasonic brush is four times gentler on gums than leading brands. Okay. I like that.

Especially if people are basically aware of the gum issue. Dentist gum line measurement proves that's not bad. This would work really well if you have a dentist as well to demonstrate this.

Stop gum recession without expensive dental treatments. So I would understand is if their gums are receding right now, what are other ways they've seen or looked up to stop the gum recession? This one's saying expensive dental treatments.

I don't know if there's expensive dental treatments for this, but I would be looking into it to see. Yeah, there is. Yeah, we've actually used basically exactly like number five.

Just a little bit of like different wording. We've used that exact hook. Got it.

Cool. Nine out of 10 for Adonis. I don't know.

We just do Dennis. Nine out of 10. Dennis recommend ultrasonic brushes for healthier gums.

I'm not a super big fan of this one because it uses the authority, which is correct, but it doesn't really apply the market sophistication that we're kind of going after. But, you know, you could tweak this one right here. Who else wants to protect their gum line without changing their brushing habits?

This would be, again, focusing more on if the other ways to treat this issue changes their brushing habits. But you can even go other ways without expensive dental treatments. Who else wants to protect their gum line without expensive dental treatments?

Before ultrasonic receding gums, after healthy gum line for a lifetime. I like that. You could do kind of a before and after style photo with that right there.

You shouldn't have any issues with before and afters on that because it's just you have to make sure the teeth are the same color. So that way people, they don't think that you're trying to promote like teeth whitening. That's the biggest one.

We've also actually pushed a lot of teeth whitening. It's one of the winning ads also. Because we can call out like basically that it gets you white.

It's very like we are in the gray area in the claims that we can actually make. But we've been able to pass so far on scale pretty heavily. Nice, nice.

That's pretty good. All right, cool. Pioneering ultrasound technology revolutionizes gum health.

I like this. Just again, it kind of comes down to, you know, this one right here doesn't really prove any superiority over the mechanism. So like this is a great like stage three type thing.

People who've never tried any other type of things for gum health. Oh, you said you had a patent. Here you go.

Only our patent ultrasonic brush had prevents gum recession safely and effectively. I like that. Cool.

Some solid ones. Did you get any valuable ones from this? Which one's your favorite?

We've run quite a lot of them. Like I think like most of us, we've run in one way or another. Like we've, this was the brand that we were ramming the DCTs for.

So we've basically gone through a lot now. But I think there was one like up there that because a lot of people like gum health, they basically have to like change their like pricing habits because they would have to like do the flossing and they would need to do extra remedies. But we haven't called that out.

Like that they don't have to like basically change anything but like the two press. Oh, that's a good one. Yeah.

And then you can start getting into time, right? Yeah. You can also look at it's like I don't want to do an hour routine every night for receding gums.

So what's the quickest and easiest way to help out receding gums? I'd be looking into that right there. Yeah.

Yeah. We've called out like you get healthier gums in two weeks. And that's basically asked like and we also have a lot of claims, but we're always adding like a word before it that kind of like softens it.

Like that in like I'm not sure how you like translate it, but it's like we're kind of like wake with it that you can get healthier gums in two weeks, but it's not like 100% sure. And this can be two times effective less like the leading brands. But we can't basically call that out without saying like the can be.

Don't look at the time it takes to get healthier gums. Look at the time it takes to do the process. So if other processes to get healthier gums take a lot of time every day, yours only takes 30 seconds a day.

Whereas everyone else's take, I don't know, an hour a day. Just give me an example there. You need to better understand what people hate about other treatments.

That's where it's in a better position. Yours is at. Yeah, that's a good one.

Thank you. Thanks. You're welcome.

Cool. And here, I'll drop your prompt as well. Yeah, what I'll do is I'll add all of these to a doc and I'll drop this doc in the chat for you guys.

Boom. Let's see. Okay.

Yeah, I'll do that after this call. So, but that's it, guys. That's all the time for the rest of the day.

So did y'all enjoy this call? Hope this is helpful for me, y'all. Dope.

Dope. This was great. You're welcome, Jen.

Did you learn a few things? I did. Like, I know I need to lean more into creators, but after my first round, I didn't feel confident in, like, giving them what to do to make it worth it.

You know, so this was helpful. Got it. So you say you felt more confident now of kind of like what you need to give to your creators.

Right. And, like, being able to script it out more based off of the examples I have now. Awesome.

Awesome. Cool. Good stuff.

Glad to help you out. Cool, guys. And ladies, as mentioned, next Friday, we'll not have a call.

I'll be fine at that time. But Q&A call with Coy still will be Thursday. And then the final call of this month, the week I get back, is when we got creative review game.

So we'll be joining you all back in two weeks now for a creative review game. So thank y'all for coming today. Hope y'all have a good weekend.

And I'll take care, guys. Have a good one. Thanks, Nick.

Thanks, Nick. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.