What are the best practices for Facebook ad copy? This is not the visual text that goes on the creatives, but the actual copy itself. And today I'm going over a few best practices that we use across my team and even I teach my students.

So before I get started, if you're new to the channel and you have no clue who I am, my name is Nick Theriault. I run a Facebook advertising agency. I also coach and mentor students as well.

I've done over $60 million in online revenue through Facebook ads and specifically for my clients. And you can go in, you know, if you want to work with me or if you want to be mentored by me, both of those links below in the description box. Now, before we get started, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's jump into the video.

So Facebook ad copy SOP. Again, this is going to be for the Facebook ad copy itself, going over like the body copy and the headline. So first thing we're going to look at is the primary text.

So what we like to do for the primary text box is we like to keep it short. 125 characters or less is ideal. You can use a website like wordcounter.net to basically like kind of count the characters specifically in that primary text box.

And goal here is to entice people to learn more information from the creative. So like I'll show you some examples in this video where inside of the creative itself, we're showcasing like information and stuff to where the body copy just kind of entices people to look at the creative. Now, some creatives, we don't have any information at all.

It's just showing the product through some visuals. And then we'll add just a little bit of information that gives people more context here through the body copy. So it's two kind of different ways we'll go for it.

Here's one version. I've got two different examples right here. This is one for a product.

Secure setup, Vashade, choose Beach State Cordless, your windproof beach solution. And then this one kind of just gives a little bit more information. Then another one entices people to wanting to look at the creative.

Denied this little known change in Medicare has put thousands of Americans at risk of financial hardship. So you can see here how one of these copies entices people to want to look at the creative while the other one gives a little bit more information, kind of like a little bit more selling power. Now, next one is the headline.

And for the headline, we like to keep it short. 40 characters are less. Short, straight to the point.

Again, you can use that same tool to be able to get that character count specifically. And the goal here is to give a reason for people to click on the call to action button. So here's one, protect yourself from surprise ambulance bills.

Reason to click on that shop now button. And then another one, upgrade your summer wardrobe today. Again, a reason to click on that call to action button.

So this is the headline for Facebook. This is not the creative headline. This is the headline inside of Facebook.

Now, next thing is that there's a few other notes you need to remember is that your creative, your primary text, and your headline all need to hit on the same persona, the same desire, the same like main benefit you're trying to forecast or showcase, the same market awareness, and the same market sophistication. So all of these need to be taken into account when you write that creative, when you write that copy, body copy, and the headline, specifically for Facebook. Everything must be congruent to maximize success.

Now, just to give you guys a few examples. So this is opening up an unaware market awareness. Now, I want to showcase here is that all of this hits on the same market awareness, same desire, same benefit, same market sophistication, all of that.

They're all congruent together. So make sure everything's congruent. This is the creative headline.

This is the Facebook headline. This is the Facebook body copy. Now, if you look at this, the body copy entices you to want to watch the video.

And then the headline also entices you to click the button or wanting to click watch the video. So everything gets people to wanting to click this video. The creative headline itself also entices people to click the video.

So when you click play on this, this little whiteness, this text right here starts off for the first three seconds, and then it goes on into the rest of the video and educates people on this particular thing we're selling. Now, next thing is opening up a solution aware market. This is, you know, more specifically for this product right here.

And again, solution aware market, they want what the product does, but they haven't linked it yet to that particular product. So give your loved one something to remember. That's opening up a solution aware market.

Here, showcasing that particular solution, which is this product. And then this one, the headline doesn't really completely give people like a reason to click now or like click that shop now button, but it definitely does give us more context to what they're clicking learn more for. And before I get the questions, oh, Nick, should I do learn more shop now?

I do recommend doing shop now. This ad, we just so happened to launch it without clicking shop now and it took off. So we just left it be, to be honest.

Now, the next one is a another ad. This is for another solution aware market. So they want what the product does, but I haven't linked it to your product yet.

Enjoy everyday comfort and luxury. Wearable for both casual and formal occasions. They want what the product does.

There you go. And then the visual we have here, there's no text on it. It's just showing a guy kind of showcasing a few different outfits.

This is for a clothing brand. That's it. There's no text.

It's 10 seconds long. Just him swapping their few outfits. Then the last one, two to three days shipping, US shipping.

Again, it's not really a main reason to buy now, but it's a, you know, click now, shop now button right here. So, but yeah, so just a few examples for Facebook ad copy, kind of our Facebook ad copy best practices. If you guys have any questions, make sure you drop them below and I'll be happy to answer them.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.