Okay, this is easily a cheat code to scaling Facebook ads in 2024. And today we're going to be talking about product positioning in the marketplace. This is the biggest thing that we leverage when a client comes on board or when I'm talking to a student that can quickly make a huge impact in performance or not depending on where they're at in the marketplace.

So today we'll be talking about positioning and this all starts off with the hook itself. The hook is what creates your or resonates with your marketplace. And we want to do is we want to find markets that are being under advertised to.

That's the goal there. Because if no one's really advertising to them, we can position our product in front of those people and then it becomes a blue ocean marketplace. So I have three different ways I like to do positioning and that's a new mechanism, superiority, or identity.

These are three different ways to position yourself. If you're very familiar with market sophistication, this is basically your stage three, four, and five market sophistication. Meaning there's a couple different people already in the marketplace in these things.

Now, when I'm looking at these things, new mechanism, superiority, or identity, what I'm looking at here is three different ways to write the hook. Now, again, everything starts with the hook because the hook is what grabs your audience, all right? If we grab our audience and the hook kind of creates your audience in a way, then we need to focus all of our time and attention first on that.

And then the hook will create everything else. It'll create your ad scripts. It'll create your visuals that needs to go into it, all that good stuff.

So first thing I like to look at when I'm writing my hook is three elements of my hook. So number one, our hook needs to intrigue curiosity. It needs to imply a benefit.

And it needs to speak to an ideal audience. So intriguing curiosity, it just, instead of being in like a statement, for example, like Facebook ads helps you scale to 300K a month. Just a statement.

Whereas new Facebook ad strategy helps you scale two times faster. It's like, oh, what is that strategy? You know, because it's a new, and people are curious about new things right there.

Implied benefit. Just again, watch this video to learn how to run Facebook ads. Speak to an ideal audience.

Struggling to scale Facebook ads. Watch this. Someone's struggling to watch Facebook ads.

They're going to watch the video. Simple as that. So the first things first is you want to understand your research.

Who is my ideal customer? That's one thing you want to look at. What if they tried that and failed that?

Because this is also going to help me understand if they've tried a lot of different solutions and failed at it, then I either need to introduce a new solution, or I need to go to that identity perspective, or just have the same solution, but I can make mine better. What do they desire? They want to scale Facebook ads.

They want to lose weight. Do they want to make money? What is the thing they desire?

And then next thing, any beliefs we may go against. So beliefs can be something like, a lot of people believe courses are scams, for example. So if someone has a strong belief that a course is a scam, well, guess what?

If we say, here's a Facebook ads course or a new Facebook ads course, they're going to go against it. So we need to articulate that a couple of different ways. Number one, we could reposition the course as a systems guide or infrastructure, for example.

And then that way it's not a course. It's like the systems you need to implement into your business to scale fast. Next thing, what are they struggling with?

So it's like, hey, maybe they're stuck at $100 a day with Facebook ads. They can't scale past that spend barrier. So we need to go for that.

So let's go over a couple of different ones. Let's see. So let's say the identity we're going to use for today is Shopify store owners spending at least $100 per day on Facebook ads.

They cannot scale past this number. They've tried ABO, CBO, cost caps, creative testing, UGC, and advertorials. They want to scale their ads.

So their desire is to scale their ads. They're currently spending $100 today on Facebook ads. They cannot scale past this number because they're just stuck at it.

And then they've already tried a lot of different things. So there's a couple of different things we can do here. Number one, like I said, we can go after our positioning of a new mechanism.

We can go after superiority or identity. So let's start looking at how those things would look at. And then our product for this ideal customer today is going to be our agency service.

So for example, let's look at new mechanism. POV, you finally scaled your Facebook ads due to emotion baiting. So again, a new mechanism, we're just simply introducing a new strategy, a new way to get what they desire.

They still have that desire for what they want. They just felt a couple of different ways to get that desire. Next one, I finally scaled past $100 per day with Facebook ads thanks to emotion baiting.

Okay, cool. This one's more specific to our ideal customers. So I really like this one.

How to scale past $100 today with Facebook ads using emotion baiting. Okay, cool. You know, pretty much the same thing.

And then emotion baiting allowed me to scale past $100 today with Facebook ads. Cool. So again, highlighting the new thing, calling out that identity speaks to ideal customer.

And then also to implying that benefit right there. So this one's really good. Speaks to our ideal customer.

It intrigues curiosity and it speaks to an ideal audience. So that's also another thing. When you introduce a new mechanism that no one ever heard of before, so like emotion baiting, for example, if no one's ever heard of that before, that is the curiosity factor.

But if you know what emotion baiting is and all those things like that, if you know that strategy, for example, then you're not gonna have any curiosity. So curiosity can be from like many different perspectives of how to leverage curiosity. And one thing is just simply saying something that no one's ever heard of before and then calling out what they desire.

And that's it. And hey, I desire that thing. I never heard of that thing.

Then I want to go see what that thing is that helps me get what I desire. That's the long story short of how that works. Now, next thing is superiority.

So superiority is more so another way to position your product where it comes down to, hey, everyone else is selling an iPhone 14 and then I have an iPhone 14 as well. So how can I make my iPhone 14 just slightly better? You know, maybe we introduced the Pro Max version, everyone else has just a regular version.

So it's just simply saying you both have the same product. You can say like Celsius, for example, there's a ton of energy drinks in the marketplace. There's Alani Nu, there's 3D, there's Bang.

There's a ton of them in the marketplace. Celsius, I think literally the only thing they did was like add like burns body fat on it and accelerate metabolism. I don't know how true those statements are, but they tried to just make it just slightly better.

That's all they did. So for example, if we're going after the mechanism of creative testing, for example, so everyone else is doing creative testing, for example, the marketplace, all of the agencies are pushing creative testing, all those things like that. We're also pushing creative testing.

So what we want to showcase is, okay, if someone's failed at creative testing, what's the main thing? What do people want more out of creative testing? And it's like, oh, well, maybe they have a very low winning hit rate with creative testing, right?

So how to get a 30% winning hit rate with creative testing to scale past $100 a day. So like this is more specific right here. This is showing how they can do better with creative testing to scale past that $100 a day thing.

If someone's been doing creative testing, they've been watching my YouTube channel, I've seen quite a few people already say like, hey, Nick, I've been testing DCTs with no success. So if I did a video of like, here's how to improve your DCTs to find more winners to scale past $100 a day, that's going to be a lot more specific to that audience. And it's proving that superiority, right?

It's taking that next step above. So new mechanism, superiority, and the last one is identity. So identity focuses on more getting, what I would say basically just getting more specific to your ideal customer.

When the Facebook ads market first opened in like 2015, it was a little bit more than that, but I just, I got into it in 2015. And in 2015, like literally all the business owners were just like, hey, I need someone to run Facebook ads. It didn't really matter if you were experienced in e-com, legion, anything like that.

It was just like, hey, I need someone to run Facebook ads. And then after it got more sophisticated and people have used a few different agencies and things like that in the marketplace, then it became down to, hey, I need an agency specifically for e-com because they tried a few different agencies and they're like, oh, all these sucked. Then it's like, well, I'm specifically with Shopify.

So like, I need a Shopify marketing agency. And then it even got to the point now where it's like, even if you have a lot of success with Shopify, it's like, oh, well, but have you specifically helped supplement brands? And it's like, yes.

And then it got even more sophisticated to the point where now it's like, hey, I specifically need someone who runs Facebook ads for supplement brands that deals with weight loss supplements. Then it's like, okay, so that's a lot more specific. But what happens here is as those, that main identity of just Facebook ads, you get these sub little identities in it, you know, Shopify, you know, Legion, Info Products and stuff like that.

Then you get those sub markets inside of there where it's like low ticket, high ticket, supplements, all those good things right there. So what we do to position ourselves is we focus on how we're only specific to a certain identity. So like, for example, right here, three ways to create Facebook ads that scale for low ticket, make money online info products.

So if I created this piece of content right here, this is gonna specifically appeal to people who sell low ticket products. And on top of that, are specifically selling products that help people make money online. Now, this is a great way I could position myself as an agency and I would beat out everyone else if I was a specialties in this particular position right here.

Now, the downside here is that if a market's not fully developed and there's not enough people selling, you know, make low ticket, make money online info products, if there's not a lot of people that are selling that, then guess what happens? You don't really get many sales and it becomes almost like a crutch for your business. So that's why it's like, it's important to understand your customer and it's being very specific to their situation and stuff like that.

And this can easily make you superior because if I specialize in low ticket, make money online info products and the other person just specializes in e-com or Facebook ads in general, and I'm selling to someone with a low ticket, make money online product, guess what? I'm gonna beat them out the water. But if there's a very few people in the market that are selling low ticket, make money online info products, guess what?

I'm gonna struggle to scale my business. Now, the one plus to this though, of being more specialized, is you can charge significantly more, right? It's like a regular doctor versus a brain surgeon.

A brain surgeon and a regular doctor are both technically doctors, but the brain surgeon is more specialized when it's part of the body. You can do the same thing. You can specialize with certain types of businesses and you can charge significantly more.

When I bumped my inner circle from $500 a month to $1,000 a month, I also made it more specific to only Shopify store owners doing at least $10,000 a month in revenue. And guess what? Our conversion rate increased and we actually did way better on that $1,000 a month price because I was a lot more specific to who I help and what that outcome is on that side right there.

So again, three different ways you can position your product in the marketplace. I think probably the only downside of this, I made a lot of like personal brand stuff, but look, same shit applies to e-com, for example. New mechanism.

This would be probably the lacquer side of what you could showcase in the marketplace for e-com because this is like basically you have a whole new type of product you can position in the market spot in the marketplace, which probably won't be the case for many people. So e-com, we typically play in a two or three right here. So superiority, for example, again, maybe I'm working with a product and we have like ingredients in it that no one else has.

We can just really hit on those ingredients and how it helps people get those desires better. Or identity, where it's like, you know, for like one of our brands right now, we are rebranding everything specifically to a woman and specifically to like the ultimate like nighttime routine, for example. We're really focusing on that identity.

Another quick example real quick is like anxiety, right? If you were to go after anxiety as a whole, it's like, oh, there's a fuckload of products in that marketplace. Like let's say we sell an anxiety supplement, for example, instead of going after that marketplace as a whole, I can get a little bit more niche.

Okay, well, let's see. Instead of anxiety, let's go with girls with anxiety. Okay, well, there's still a shitload of girls with anxiety.

Okay, what are the different types of girls with anxiety? You know, there's college students. There's like people who have a full full-time job.

There's moms, different things like that. Three identities. Well, let's go after college students, right?

So college girls with anxiety. And then it's like, what do they want to do? Specifically that identity once.

And it's like, oh, they want to pass their exam. They want to get through the day without having to turn to the bottle of wine at night. And then we can create our supplement, which is already created, but we can create all of our ad messaging, our landing pages and stuff like that, specifically to girls with anxiety or in college.

And now we're niched down more specifically. So instead of a regular anxiety appeal and our anxiety appeal, even though they're both the same product, ours will speak to that identity. And those people will choose us over this one because this one's just generic everyone.

This one's specifically to girls identity. So college girls identity, to be clear. So, and you can even go even further than that, right?

Like you can literally go college girls with anxiety. You could separate it by like years. So senior college girls with anxiety.

Then you can even go further to that. Senior girls with anxiety who are trying to pass their final exam. And it's like, well, shit, like how much clearer can be that?

The only other way you could split that up is like nursing students or like nursing girls in college trying to pass their final exam. Like that'd be like, you know, you can go like even a little bit more specific right there. So there's always one way to update that identity side and then like push it that one step further.

And that's going to make you the, again, the superior choice because you better resonate with that person than anyone else. So hope you all enjoyed this video. Make sure to hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, I specifically help brands doing at least 100 to 250K a month in revenue. And we help brands scale to three to $5 million a month in revenue with Facebook ads.

Click the link below to book a call with me. If you want to be one-on-one mentored with me, click the link below, have Nick Terrio mentor you. And then lastly, if you want my Facebook ads course, that's specifically around how to scale past 100 Facebook ads using emotion baiting, click the link below for Nick's Facebook ads course.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a great rest of your day. Peace out.