Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be talking about what to do when your Facebook ads are not working. And I'm actually going to click bait you guys a little bit because we're going to be focusing more on the creative side. So obviously you guys are like, oh, Nick, well, you know, this won't be like turn off ads, yada, yada, yada.

This is going to be more specifically what to do when you're the actual ad itself you're creating does not work. And how can you improve it in that sense? So that being said, make sure you hit the like button and hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

And let's jump into this. So Facebook ads not working. Try this.

Let me give you guys a little quick guide. So here's probably the problem you're experiencing. You're testing ad over ad.

You've been listening to Nick. You're like, hey, Nick's been saying go broad. Nick's been saying do creative testing.

Let me just do it. And then you go ahead, you start creative testing and then you just nothing's converting. Okay.

And you're like, well, what's going on here? And you're just not sure what to create next. You're like, okay, do I do like, like, how can I improve these ads?

Or, you know, do I different angle? Yada, yada, yada. So you're not really sure.

And you're feeling confused and frustrated. Okay. So I basically have three key things right here.

That's going to allow you to take an ad that's doing subpar. So let's say it's only like a 1.3, 1.5 extra. I asked your goals a two and a half X.

So it's subpar ad. How can you improve that ad? How can you make that ad more efficient?

How can you make it more powerful? So that's, we're going to focus more on. We want to focus more on that particular area.

So number one is the desire articulated in the creative is not strong enough. So people operate on different desires. You know, right now I have a desire to go get some nice shorts for a bachelor trip.

I'm taking this weekend in Austin, Texas, because we're going to be walking out to be hot and stuff like that. And I want to look good on the street, you know, talk to a few girls and everything, all that fun stuff right there. I want to look good.

I want to feel cool because I know it's me hot outside. So I have a desire to go get these new shorts. All right.

My desires are shorts and like what's behind desires. Well, looking good, feeling good, feeling cool and hot weather and also looking good for girls. There you go.

So that's the desire half. That's like my motivation. Motivation desire worked the same way of why I'm going to purchase these shorts.

So if you have the wrong desire, it's one just going to be a bad, like, it's just, if you're not hitting on that proper desire, then it's not your ads not going to work well. Okay. So here's an example.

We had a metal science brand that we focused on the desire of adding a beautiful, beautiful piece of artwork to prospects home. So like, oh, Hey, it's metal signs. Let's focus on the desire.

Like people are probably looking right now for like metal art to put in their home. Makes this beautiful interest or home when people walk in. So let's focus on that desire.

We tested it. We tried a lot of different craves around it, things like that. And it just didn't work.

So he took a step back and we figured out, okay, what are other desires that they have? And another one was giving a perfect gift to their loved one. And I kid you not.

Like we went from doing like seven, $10,000 a month in revenue to roughly a hundred, $200,000 per month in revenue by folk by completely swapping around the desire. So if you're going after a weak desire, then your ads are just not going to be compelling. So that's why this is the first one.

Just really take a step back. Look at the desire you're going after the motivation of why people are purchasing the product and how are you articulating that in the ad? So for example, for our like metal science brand, when we give that perfect gift to a loved one, we hit that desire, but we also articulate in the ad by showing people giving it to their loved one, their loved one, reacting to it, loving it, all that stuff, the emotional response behind it.

So look at it from that perspective right there. Okay. If, like I said, my desire, my motivation for purchasing some sharks right now is to look good, feel good, and basically just look good and feel good.

If someone's articulating a desire to me, that's like, Hey, I don't know, like, you know, you need these, you need these sharks to lounge around in your house. I'm like, well, that's not my desire. My desire is to walk around the street, look good and feel good.

So like, that's one way. If the desire is not completely aligned with their desire, their motivation and the ad, then you're going to see poor performance on your ads. So next one, people do not believe the claims made inside of the creative.

So a claim is essentially like, Hey, we run Facebook ads and we get an amazing results. That's a claim. But how do people believe that we get amazing results for clients?

So here's how we go further into that. So people do not believe the claims made inside of the creative. So we're a Facebook ads agency.

We get amazing results for clients about proof of these amazing results. Then there's a weak claim. People do not believe.

So if you up on sales call me, yeah, we get amazing results. Oh, cool. Well, like what's some, like what kind of results?

Like just amazing. They're really good. Love you'll love them.

Versus if I show you specific case studies, social proof or specific case studies of people going from like $20,000 a month to a hundred grand a month, you know, going from a two extra rest to three extra rest. Specifically talking about numbers. I'm articulating to you proof.

If you go look at like, uh, cleaning commercials, um, the, like from like, you know, the commercials you see later at night and you'll see like, you know, they'll spray, they'll spray like, um, uh, least superior product on one side. And they'll spray their magical product on one side on dirt. And you'll see like one side so much faster.

And it'll say like clean two times faster. Well, if they just say clean two times faster, that means nothing. But if they show proof of it by showing a demo, that's a good way right there.

Same thing like before and after weight loss. Uh, you know, Sarah completely changed her life. Uh, she lost 60 pounds.

Well, what does 60 pounds look like on Sarah? And it shows her like a little overweight and they show her, her like ripped and like a beach bot. So like you need to show proof of the claims.

Now, this is where it gets fun. You can dramatize the claims as well. So for example, uh, for an ad that all of our clients created worked really well.

It was a guy walking the street and you know, well, basically what we did was is a guy walking the street and then he passes up a couple and that, that like meme or like the girl turns around and starts looking at the guy. He turns, she turns around and looks at the guy and he goes and approach him and like, you know, basically like stole her man essentially. And it's just like, you know, these, these t-shirts you'll look amazing in these t-shirts and basically just over dramatizing the claim is another way right there for products that are least, you know, not necessarily problem solving in that sense right there.

So the Lamborghini ad I created, I talked about a week or two ago, definitely didn't create it, but it talks about a few weeks ago. They put the claims. They, they kind of like make people believe the claims of by just the setting that people put into it, they identify with it and all that fun stuff right there.

So there, and that's also going to go into my next point right there is people do not identify with the creative. So you're hitting the right desire. You're, you're hitting the right.

You're showing proof of everything. But the last one is people do not identify with the creative. So if you go look at that Lamborghini commercial that posted, if you literally just go like, look my YouTube channel, it's, it's called how to create like luxurious ads or, or as for luxurious products.

I talk about the Lamborghini commercial and you can clearly identify who they are presenting the products, who are they going after. And it, it basically comes down to, you know, the part, the actors, the location, the images, the products, like all of that, what's inside of the ad right there. You know, if they did a Lamborghini ad in like a trailer park, like, you know, very sophisticated people they're going after wouldn't identify with that.

Um, just due to like, whoa, wait, hold up. That's not for me. You know, product positioning is huge.

So how, like, what's a really good example of this. I got this example from, um, breakthrough advertising and Eugene Swartz, uh, breakthrough advertising by Eugene Swartz. Uh, where he's talking about how there's a deodorant company that had a miserable, miserable marketing fail, um, because they launched a line of deodorant specifically aimed for a middle-class, um, but all of their imagery was literally, really, really like superior wealthy people.

And there's a certain level of a jump you want people to make, but if it's too big of a jump, like they cannot see themselves in that particular area. But if it's just a slightly like refined and middle-class person that's doing well for middle-class, then all middle-class would resemble with that. It was a very, very poor class.

Then like, they wouldn't do it. That's why they wouldn't resemble with that. So you got to make sure that your target audience can resemble with your creative.

Again, all the imagery in the ad, the products, the setting, the environment, the location, all of that super, super important, uh, when you're going at that. So, yeah. So take these three things.

If you're making your ads more compelling, you're actually spending time on this more in creative intensive part of advertising. You're going to see better results. And lastly, go broad.

Um, again, if you haven't seen my video already, uh, we've eliminated audience testing, all that good stuff right there. So if our ads are not performing, we're focusing on things like this. Are we articulating a strong enough desire?

Are we, you know, can people believe the claims in or making any claims? People don't believe are people identifying with the creative? Like that's our ways that we're reviewing that creative and trying to see how we can make it more efficient.

So, or how we can make it better. That's that's right there. So, but yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching.

Hope this helps you out with your ads. Again, a lot of people think, oh, Facebook has not working. Let me go change the account structure.

How can you work within account structure and just focusing on what matters? It helps a lot. So thank you guys for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And yeah, make sure you comment below.

What was your key takeaway from this video and what you're going to apply to your account itself? Very curious about that. And yeah, if you're making less than or making more than $50,000 per month in revenue with your business, click the link below to book call off me and my team.

We'll do a strategy session together. We'll push strategy together for you. You can take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose from there.

Now, lastly, if you're making less than 50 KMF, stay subscribed to the channel because this channel is engineered to make you more money at the end of the day. And essentially, yeah, it's going to help you out a lot. So we are working on a course for you guys as well.

Again, it's on the horizon objective here is to talk about things like what's in this video specifically where it's how to become a really good marketer. So that way as platforms die, TikTok, YouTube, Facebook, new platforms arise, you're going to have the foundational mindsets of how to approach all of these regardless of the platform because they all use the same tactics. It's just different platforms.

So I'm making a video or a course on how to be a great marketer essentially. And it's made my, you know, it's made me personally over $50 million in revenue for my clients. And yeah, it's also gonna show some Facebook ad and TikTok ad stuff in there as well.

So it's gonna be fun. So again, thank you guys so much for watching. My name is Nick Therrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.