Is your Facebook ads not converting? Today, I want to talk about three things that you can say in your Facebook ads to get more sales. This comes from my experience of doing over $100 million in revenue with Facebook ads for my clients over the last four or five years.

So that being said, let's dive into the video. So three things that I want you to say to your customers to get more sales. Number one is you want to simplify your product.

You want to simplify how it gets results for your clients. Whether you're selling an e-com product or a service-based product, you want to simplify what are you communicating to your customers. So let's say, for example, running an ad for this particular product right here, sending digital currencies over a 28-bit encrypted network from server to server.

What? What the fuck is that? So imagine if we ran that as an ad right there.

And it's like, what? I have no clue what you're talking about. But if we simplify it, send money to your friends via email.

This was PayPal back in the day. That's how they started off with very complex messaging right here that people simply just did not understand. So if people lack understanding of how your product works, or like what's the benefit of your product right there, and sometimes we have to simplify it.

So again, it's one of the three things that you can do to improve your conversion rate on your ads creatives. You'd want to actually talk about these key things inside of your Facebook ad creative. That creative you create.

These are key things you want to touch on. If you use a video, touch on these things in the video. If you do a photo ad, then touch on these things throughout the body copy in your sales page.

Now, the next one is making it more important. So let's say, for example, we're selling an IPL device. I look at like Rose Skin Co.

For example, they sell the laser hair, you know, like laser hair removal at home device. What we can look at here is how can we make this more important? So here, get smooth hair-free legs at home, right?

So how do we make this more important? Well, one of the way we do that is by extending the benefits. So what's the benefits of the benefits of smooth hair-free legs at home?

Smooth hair-free leggings at home. Say leggings. Smooth hair-free legs at home while saving time and money from having to go to laser appointments.

So I'm talking about the benefits of being able to do this at home. You can also talk about extending the benefits of smooth hair-free legs. You know, maybe your boyfriend will touch your legs more.

Hey, just giving you an example real quick. Maybe it's smooth hair-free legs. That's so you can wear that skirt again.

Just throwing examples, right? So what are the benefits of the benefits? If I can get you smooth hair-free legs at home, what is the benefit of that to you?

That's what we start to look at. How do we make this more important? We extend the benefits.

We make this seem more valuable. If we look at this, smooth hair-free legs at home while saving time and money from having to go to laser appointments. We're saving time.

We're also saving money. So we're making it like, oh, wow, that's really cool. So it makes it more important.

So you can do this with any product, any econ product, any service product. You know, we sell Facebook ads in terms of like us come and run your Facebook ads. So like one of the benefits of that is obviously we can help you hit your goals and stuff in your business.

What's the benefit of hitting that goal? Maybe it's finally able to walk away from your business and be able to go vacation for a week in Miami. Now, also be clear.

Be ethical. Don't just go start talking about random benefits of the benefits that just simply make no sense and no one's ever had before. Make it actually seem realistic, you know.

And also, too, the benefit of the benefit needs to be something people also want as well. If I would say, hey, you can finally start shopping or finally start, you know, vacationing in Miami. Now, it's like, what?

So you kind of have to go through that logical loop there. So we'll come and run and scale your Facebook ads. So that way you can walk away from the ads and go spend a week in vacation in Miami without having to worry about checking your Facebook ads manager every 30 minutes because you have a team of trusted people behind the scenes.

That's helping you out. Made it seem more important. I didn't just say we're going to run and scale your Facebook ads.

Now, also, too, that's assuming that this particular customer right here wants to go vacation in Miami a couple of times a year. If not, then it's just going to miss the mark for him. Now, next one is more expensive than the alternative.

So a big problem a lot of people mistakenly do is they just say the price. It only costs $200. That's it.

Now, that's for this IPL device. So how would you go about making this seem cheaper? That's what you have to think about.

How do I make this $200 seem less expensive? A lot of you guys will probably be like, well, Nick, I'll just raise the price to $400 and do a slash and then say it's $200. Yeah, but the problem with that is it only gets you so far.

So the way I like to do it is I like to compare it to a more expensive alternative. So let's look at this. So if you want like hair-free legs, traditionally, you'll go to a licensed esthetician.

I said that completely wrong. Esthetician. And spend an average of $429 per visit.

And you'll need to get a couple of, you'll need to do a couple of those sessions to get the results you want. So let's say if you have to do three or four sessions at $429 a session, you're going to spend about, you know, a little over $1,000 to $2,000. You want to go and try to do this with like a licensed and professional and stuff of this laser hair removal.

But now you can do this for $200, literally just buy the device. It lasts a lifetime. It's a 10-year lifetime guarantee on it.

And it's only $200. Pay it once. And you can do it at home.

So now that $200 seems a lot less. And what that does there is from a mental perspective, like, oh shit, okay, this makes sense. And you see, I didn't say, oh, it's regular $400 and now you can get it for $200.

I compared it to something more expensive and then I introduced our product. And if there is cheaper products in the market to get this result, just simply don't compare it against those. You know, like there's cheaper Facebook ad agencies than us, for example.

But we are, we specifically position ourselves to number one, just the way we position ourselves is one, appealing to a more affluent customer. And also two, number two, is that we also focus on, let's see, I completely fucked up on that. I really fucked up on that.

So like, for example, like our Facebook ad agency stuff, we do charge a higher rate and stuff like that. The alternative of what we charge is you can go waste more time. You can go waste more money.

You know, here's a couple of case studies of people wasting like 20, 30, $40,000 trying to figure out this themselves. Or you can work with us and we can do the right systems and write everything on day one to give you the highest probability shots of hitting that success inside of the business. But yeah, so that's how we position our Facebook ads agency in the marketplace.

Yeah, these are the three key things that if you don't answer them, customers won't buy from you. And you know, you won't really get the Facebook ads that convert that you want. So if your Facebook ads are not converting, try these out, apply them again in your creatives itself.

You know, these are key things that helps us get someone to swing over and purchase kind of three reasons why people do not buy from your Facebook ads. And once you solve these, we've seen significant impacts in our clients' accounts. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you are interested in me running your Facebook ads, we help brands scale from $100,000 a month to multiple seven figures a month.

Click the link below. Have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And if you're interested in me mentoring you, click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

We have a monthly program that specifically talks more about the Facebook ad creative side and how to level up as a marketer. That being said, hope you guys have a great year to see y'all day. My name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.