I'm about to show you one simple Facebook creative trick to improve performance with your ads. I see this mistake in a lot of creatives and things like that that I review. And hopefully in today's video, I'll be able to show you that specific mistake and how to improve it with this one single little trick.

What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

If you're new to the channel, I make content around Facebook ads, showing you how to grow and scale your brand. Fully, fully transparent with everything I put out because I have nothing to sell, you know, courses or anything like that. My whole intention is to help you grow your, you know, your brand to where you don't feel like doing this shit anymore in terms of running your ads and everything like that.

And then you book a call, click link below to book off me and my team. We'll actually come in and run the ads for you or consult with you just depending on which one works better for you. You know, we spend anywhere from a couple million dollars a month on Facebook ads and we help brands grow to from six figures a month to seven figures a month.

So with that being said, make sure you like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. With that being said, let's dive into the video guys. Okay.

So Facebook creative trick to improve performance. As mentioned today, we're going to be talking about mechanization. Okay.

And I've already kind of, you know, articulated this in another video where like your, your ad must answer these three questions or it will fail talking about like more information about the product, you know, basically basically showing off the product to people and you know, how it satisfies their desires, et cetera, like that proof it works. And then also mechanism. And then that's how the product works.

And today we'll be talking about how the product works. And I don't see a lot of people being able to effectively do this in their advertising. And there's three different ways to do it.

There's name, the mechanism, describe the mechanism or feature the mechanism. So one of these three ways is which you would be doing in your ad and that perspective right there. Okay.

So stage one is name the mechanism. Okay. This is often when you're working with higher levels of market sophistication.

Okay. Uh, for y'all though, for y'all who do not know what market sophistication, basically it's just how saturated the market is. Okay.

So we're working with a high level of market sophistication. That basically means it's very saturated market. Say for example, supplements in a fitness space.

Okay. There's hundreds of them that are just pre-workouts, super, super saturated. Okay.

So number one is just name the mechanism. And this is again, when you're dealing with a saturated market. And the first thing you want to just ask yourself is does my product understand this mechanism already from competitors ads?

So let's say for example, I want to sell you pre-workout. Okay. I'm really big at the fitness.

I'm literally sipping some pre-workout right now before going to the gym, go and do a good little run, get some boxing in. So let's have a good little gym day. All right.

So let's dive deeper into that mechanism. Okay. So to understand what a mechanism is, it's, it's basically your process to resolve.

Okay. So a lot of people, you know, they focus more on like benefits, you know, benefits, pain points, which that's, there's a time and place to that. Okay.

So basically they're just saying is benefits. Let's just say, for example, increases energy and then let's see pain points, tired going into the gym. So let's say for example, my current people are tired going into the gym and then my product increases energy.

That's the benefit. Okay. So a lot of you guys would be, Hey, tired going to, you know, are you tired walking into the gym?

Take pre-workout. It increases energy by now. All right.

So that's where a lot of you guys live at right now. Okay. And there's nothing wrong with that, but what you're missing is, is you're not explaining how that product works.

Okay. But it depends on the level of sophistication. So since we're on a name, the mechanisms stage, our claim is that our product increases energy, our mechanism to increase energy before going into a workout is pre-workout.

Okay. So there's a lot of different mechanisms for, I guess you could say, increasing energy going into a workout. You know, you go run a mile before you can go take, you know, drink coffee.

You can go, I don't know, um, drugs. So there's a few different mechanisms for increasing energy before going into a workout. Okay.

So because we're on name, the mechanism, because we know that there is a very saturated market we're entering in, we do not need to tell people how pre-workout works. Okay. Now here's the key right here, because people already know what pre-workout is pre-workout, you know, what it does, how it works and stuff like that.

All we need to do is outbid people with features. Okay. So for example, here's the ad, you know, the riot, which, you know, my last name, Terry, Oh, if you split up, it's called the riot, the riots pre-workout.

The only pre-workout with over 300 milligrams of tired, combating caffeine soldiers that allow you to obliterate your workout. Okay. So you can see right here, I focused on a very specific feature of the product and where everyone else's pre-workout offers 200 milligrams hours is offering 300 milligrams.

Okay. So I'm outbidding the competition, but features. So if you go back to here, it's purely based off, name it, name the mechanism, and then go on to beat the competitors with price of features.

Okay. So again, you still have to have a better product, but you're just calling out why your product is better. Okay.

We have 300 milligrams of caffeine in hours. Okay. So this is where you name the mechanism.

People already know what the mechanism is because they've been saturated with it. They've been, you know, they've tried multiple pre-workouts themselves, or they've seen tons of different pre-workout ads already. They know what pre-workout is, but now we're trying to beat the competition with a pre-workout with better features.

Okay. So let's name the mechanism. Now, this is important right here, because if I would go and try to educate people in pre-workout, it wouldn't be as good as just going in and beating the competition immediately with our better pre-workout and focusing on the mechanism and features.

So the whole key here with this particular video that you're watching right now is that you're better understanding how to position your product correctly. And if you don't position your product correctly, it can come off the wrong way to your audience. If it comes wrong off the way, the audience is going to affect scales, performance, and things like that.

So let's go into stage two, where we describe the mechanism. So this is where a prospect does not understand the mechanism. 99% of the time, this is when you're first to market.

If you're first to market, you're going to have to describe the mechanism because people never heard of it before. People never heard of your product. We need to describe how your product works.

Again, mechanism is just how your product works. Okay. So basically build up a strong, quick promise, and then follow up the reason why you can deliver that promise.

Never allow it to become dull or factual when explaining it. Okay. So it's easily, this is the logical flow part of an ad basically.

And it's easy for a lot of people to, you know, go ahead and get too scientific and logical to where it's not fun. So let's go to how this would look. So again, our claim is that our product increases energy and our mechanism is pre-workout.

So think about like the first person ever who made pre-workout. How did they describe that to the public? Okay.

So get the energy you need to crush your workout. Say hello to pre-workout. Pre-workout contains an energy matrix blend that when consumed 15 minutes before your workout will allow you to feel like you just had 48 hours of sleep and Thor himself gave you a high five walking into the gym.

Our energy matrix blend contains caffeine, which gives you energy and beta-alene, which allows for bigger pumps in the gym. So you can describe, you see, I talked about how the product works. Okay.

And I could have done a little bit better job to a beta-alene because like what is beta-alene? Well, beta-alene dilates your blood vessels, which allow for more blood flow for bigger pumps. Okay.

So I'm describing how the product works in that sense right there. So I didn't have to go too much into caffeine because a lot of people know what caffeine is, but I could have also said caffeine, which is commonly found in like coffee, energy drinks and things like that, which gives you energy and beta-alene, which allows for bigger pumps in the gym. Boom.

So you can see, I'm describing how the product works, how it's used and things like that. And that's where, when you're first to the market is where you need to focus. And to understand that you have to do research you to do is understand any of these, you have to research.

Okay. So that's stage two, describe the mechanism where you're first to market. Pretty much people don't understand your product, your mechanism, and you can essentially just need to describe it, how it works and why it's beneficial to their lives in that sense right there.

Now, stage three is feature mechanism. Okay. And this is a new one.

This is, well, not really a new one, but this is an interesting one. Okay. So this is where when a prospect has failed at other mechanisms to get the result they want, your new mechanism comes in play and helps them.

Okay. So let's say for example, I fail that many diets. I fail that many different things of macro accounting.

I fail that, you know, we're going to run every day while introducing, you know, keto dieting. Okay. Eat what you want as long as there's no carbs in it.

Boom. So it gives me a new sense of hope. And that's the biggest key right there.

You want to give people a new sense of hope when they failed multiple times at other things. Okay. So let's go to feature, feature the mechanism.

Okay. So I gave people a new sense of hope where caffeine had failed or caffeine free pre-workout. Um, I gave people a new sense of hope where pre-workouts have failed form in terms of jitters, but so let's look at the ad love pre-workout, but can't stand the jitters.

Then look no further. I have our caffeine free pre-workout is here. Smash the same PR as you're getting before, but without the wiggle legs.

Too much caffeine is what causes our bodies to become overstimulated. Caffeine is the main ingredient in pre-workout. That's why as we removed it and swap it with a natural energy blend, this will allow you to get the same great energy plus pumps, pumps in the gym without the jitters and anxiety.

Okay. So you can see right here, people have tried pre-workout and they have failed at it because they kept getting like jitters, anxiety, you know, feeling really wiggly, like, you know, just weak. So how can we give people a new sense of hope that they can have what they're chasing, which is more energy in the gym, but without those negative side effects, basically of the other competitors, the other mechanisms.

And that's where we have featured a mechanism. Okay. So you're, you're focusing more on, Hey, it's the same people want the same claim.

You know, they, they, they're chasing the same desire and that's how more energy in the gym, but they fell that other pre-workouts. So how can we have better pre-workout now? Again, this is very fine line between describe the mechanism or name the mechanism because ours is a different like product group in terms of like caffeine pre-free pre-workouts and that perspective right there.

So yeah, guys, I really hope y'all enjoyed this video. This is really powerful right here. It helps us with properly positioning our product with Facebook ads.

And this pays dividends in terms of results, because if your product is not positioned correctly, people will look at it and not take it seriously. It's like, like I said, if you're trying to sell me pre-workout, Hey, do you feel tired going to the gym? Do you feel yada, yada, yada?

And it's like, if I see an ad like that, I'm going to scroll past it. But because I've taken so many pre-workouts, I'm very familiar with what pre-workout is. Then if you show me an ad, that's like, you know, Terry has pre-workout now with 300 milligrams of caffeine, I'm going to see that.

I'm like, Oh shit, that's a lot of caffeine. And if I'm someone who already feels like my pre-workout doesn't have enough caffeine, I'm going to go and purchase that. So that's, that's where you have to do this research and figure out what the competition's doing, because that right there will allow you to have the fuel and the firepower to be able to do these things.

Okay. Awesome guys. Well, thank you all so much for watching this video.

Again, produce all this content completely for free, which you guys put the intentions of helping you grow and scale your business. And eventually you get to the point where you don't want to do this shit anymore. So click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We can either consult with you in terms of giving you more information of how it's like for you to apply or run your ads for you, where we take over everything. So let's click the link below to book a call with me and my team. We've helped brands go to seven figures some off, six figures some off, and I'd love to help you do the same as well.

So other than that, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Theriault. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.