Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I want to show you guys actually how to storyboard a creative and how you can do this yourself to basically go ahead and create creatives that convert way higher than kind of like typically of what you've been creating. So before we get started, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into it.

So going into this, this is a presentation I did either. You might have seen this video already or not. If y'all haven't, it's coming up very, very, very powerful.

Basically how we generated $8 million in revenue for clients, how we, how we like kind of our process of how we get there. So I kind of covered this very quickly, but I want to dive into it further. This is our storyboard template that we utilize inside of the agency.

And I just want to kind of show you like it's nothing fancy at all. In fact, I'm not even going to give this to you guys for free because there's nothing to give you. Like you can literally take your notebook like I do and draw out a few boxes and then do all this yourself.

So here's what we like to do. What happens is like we get on team calls and stuff and you know, like our visual creator, we get on board and like they'll tell us this really cool ad, um, that they want to do and probably too, like right after they say it, like we're like, Oh wait, what was that first thing you said? Like it just, you have a lot of ideas and there's no way to like accurately kind of showcase them essentially.

So we find what storyboards is allows you to articulate those ideas in a way that your visual creator can understand and actually, you know, take this storyboard and create, uh, the creative, um, or you can even use this to, when you're working with an influencer or content creators, send this off to them so they know exactly what they need to film. So there's a few different like opportunities right here of utilizing this. It also gives you a way to articulate your thoughts of what you need to do and actually kind of plan out that creative and everything.

So starting off, um, again, very, very simple. So you have frame one, which is your intro or opener frame two, frame three, frame four, frame five, you may have three frames. You may have two frames.

You may have a hundred frames. There's no ending in here. It kind of ends whenever you say it ends.

So that's also another thing. You don't have to compartmentalize in just five frames. It could be multitude.

Now I, we call it frames, but you can also, you call this scenes. So if you look like a scene in a movie, one scene might be them talking in a lobby. The next scene might be them getting into a car and driving off.

So there's that right there, just to clarify a little bit, it's not like one frame, two frames, three frames. And you know, if you're shooting on a camera, it's 30 frames a second. That means 30 of these in one second.

So don't compartmentalize it in that this could be more of scene slash frame. Um, they're both kind of, uh, intended to be the same in this scenario right here. So intro slash open.

So we primarily cater to e-commerce clients and we find that the intro slash opener, we're either want to start off with a peak pain point or a peak pleasure point. So trying to think, Oh my God, like my closet, I can never find anything to wear. This is such a burden on me trying to figure out what to wear tomorrow night.

Okay. So like the pain point is trying to figure out what to wear. And then a pleasure point might be, Oh my God, I'm so excited.

I tried this new service that literally gives me options every day of what to wear. And it's amazing. I no longer have to think anymore about what to wear the next day.

So you can see right there, there's two different energy perspectives that we brought to the table. And those two, I would literally test those as a B split test right there. One starting with peak pleasure, one start off with peak pain point.

So very important right there to understand, just to give you a better intro. No one, you know, like for example, one of our clients, we cut down the acquisition costs by 60% because the creative, they were running at the current point. And honestly, I think it was like a hundred percent, like they were doing like a 70, $80 cost per start trial.

And we cut it down to a $20 cost per start trial by making this one change in a video. And what it was is, is the first 30 seconds was this big, long intro, all about that person and why they're accredited to talk about this particular thing. And then they jumped into the pain point.

So then what we did was, is we cut that first 30 seconds off and put the pain point first and boom from $80 to $20, because guess what? No one cares about other people. They care about them.

So if we started talking about a pain point or start talking about a pleasure point, that's relatable to the audience, then we can really dig deeper into like grabbing their attention. So very key right there. Start off with a peak pleasure or peak pain point for that intro.

Now, once you actually do that, um, you'll notice there's two things right here. There's description and copy. So copy will be like the actual, like hook or something like that, that's being shown on the screen right there.

So for this, you know, let's say for example, if we go back to, um, a peak pain point of, in terms of like, you know, I can never find anything to wear, I can never find anything to wear. Maybe that's the hook I want to utilize for that ad. Just very, very basic.

You can do like a UGC style ad right here with a content creator sitting down. So the intro might be okay. So I can never find anything to wear.

So I'm putting myself in the position of the consumer. Okay. Like let's say for example, I sell a service that basically gives you ideas every day of what to wear.

And you simply just boom, like it's an app that literally shows you, Hey, here's what to wear today. You know, white shirt, black chinos go to good to go. So the scene, if I'm, if I'm showcasing this peak pain point, the scene can be okay.

Look, putting myself in the character spot, going into closet, going into a closet and opening the door, stumbling around over close and looking confused slash. Okay. Not, not really confused, but you know, more of that, like, uh, exhausted, maybe, um, let down, maybe they're, they're let down.

Cause it's just like, Oh, I can never find anything like, uh, okay. So that's like the first scene right there. Never find anything to wear.

Boom. Here's the whole scene. Here's the copy.

Now my visual creator can know exactly what to put. Maybe they don't have that footage in our like asset library. Then they can actually go ahead and contact our strategist to work and actually plan and shoot out to get this particular piece of content for the clients.

So then now what we can do is, okay, we, we established our peak pain point and stuff like that. Now we can jump into, okay, we got their attention. We grabbed our audience's attention.

We, we, you know, in that first five seconds of that video, we clearly stated, um, a problem and we showcase that problem. And again, the creative creates the audience. So now what's going to happen is basically we're going to grab those people's attention.

Okay. So now what we can do is we can go ahead and actually introduce the solution. This is the next big thing.

So this is how we really pour salt in the wound. Now let's immediately jump into introducing the solution. And inside of here, you can introduce the solution.

Um, I don't know, you can do, let's see, um, maybe a flat screen showing off an app, um, that picks outfits for you. Okay. Introducing the outfit picker 3000.

Okay. Now the next one. Okay.

Here is the app. We introduced it. Now we introduced it.

Boom. Now features and benefits. Now we're going to start tying into those feature features and benefits side.

So we're going to keep that flat screen showing off the app, but the phone will move over to the left side of the screen and reveal three key bullet points. Okay. And then like, obviously the three key, you know, three key bullet points, like you'll obviously, you'll write those out right there.

So like, boom, introducing the outfit picker 3000, kind of like maybe the app is moving a little bit. And also in that phone screws over to right reveals three key benefits, boom, fast, cool. And then, okay.

Now we show off the app a little bit. Now let's go back to that scene of the character, opening that closet and stuff. And now let's also show the new her, the new version of her after she found this app.

So this new variation is her easily checking her phone in the morning and picking and grabbing the outfit that she is given from her closet. Cool. So boom, this new variation of her.

Um, we also make sure she's smiling happy. Okay. And you can even kind of go back, um, to, you know, you don't have to have copy every scene.

So like, honestly, let's just put no copyright. Like we're just showing the new variation of her, like boom quickly, you know, maybe have a copywriting like kind of go back further into that. But like, that's another key way right there.

Um, and then the last scene character, she is smiling and facing the camera and saying how much she loves this app and you need it to boom. There we go. And then the, and then the copy can be a testimonial in writing.

Boom. There we go. So in what six minutes, we just plan out a whole creative, like that's it.

And we can split test this creative by again, having a peak pleasure, peak pain point. So the other one can have, can open up with a peak pleasure, smiling, everything like that. Um, and then maybe kind of just changing up these, I like to look at a creative as bricks or like blocks that are interchangeable.

So all of these are separated from each other and we can change them around and flip them around, obviously just with a little bit of editing and we can articulate that in a way that can let us basically create a bunch of creatives. So right here, we just created one creative and we can get this to our editor editor can pull that together. Um, maybe there's some copy, maybe there's some clips that needs to be recorded.

Um, then our strategies can also kind of plan those out, make sure those are getting taken action by the right team members. So that's just a quick little video to showcase you how easy is to plant creatives. I highly recommend doing some audience research, some like go look at some competitors ads, save them, go look at some reviews of competitor products, other products around your brain, like things like that goal consume a lot of content to get really put yourself in the consumers like place of mine.

And then from there, go ahead and actually do something like this. Cause you'll have a lot of ideas. You'll have a lot of things pop up in your mind of what you can articulate in a way that'll make sense for consumer, grab their attention, create desire for the product and in a reason to act now.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. If you're an e-com brand, doing at least $50,000 per month in revenue and love to work with us to help you scale your brand. We've generated over $8 million in revenue for our clients and we'd love to help you scale to your first million dollar month.

So what you're going to do is click link below, book call for me, my team will hop on a call that you will strategize around your business. We'll give you that strategy session. Um, and you can take it and run with it, or you'll have the option to work with us if you choose.

Now, if you're doing less than $50,000 per month, don't worry. I have something for you. Hit that subscribe button, hit that like button because this whole channel is all about giving massive value back to you to where you can easily just follow along, scale your business up to a point where you just have no time to do advertising yourself.

And that's where we can step in and help you out. So make sure you hit that button and stay tuned because there's more videos to come every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you guys so much for watching this video.

My name is Nick Theriot. Hope you have a great rest of the day. Peace out.

.