I've gotten a lot of requests now asking me, hey, Nick, what team structure do you need to be able to scale e-com brands with Facebook ads to seven figures a month? So today I'm actually going to go over into the different types of team members that we specifically leverage at my ad agency, but also to more specifically what's up to team members or my e-com clients teams as well to be able to hit seven figures a month in revenue. Now, with that being said, the very first thing you have to understand is that when you're building a team, you're going to have what's called A players and then you'll have what's called like B, C players right here.

A players, they're amazing. We want those people. But when you're looking at B and C players right here, these people are going to cost you significantly more money.

They're going to cost you more time, which is also going to cost you money. And you're going to have to hire more people to manage. Manage these people.

Now, I made this mistake a while back as well, where when I was building my agency and stuff, where I hired like one A player and then also hired a bunch of B and C players. Now, when I hired the A player, it was amazing. Like this person was just like consistently, just already actively trying to learn and get better.

This person was like the person that stayed the latest. And it's very true. This person would like call me at like eight o'clock, nine o'clock on a Saturday night and just like geeking out about Facebook ad stuff.

This particular person right here, like I've just never had to set any boundaries in terms of like what time they're getting to work and what time they're clocking out. Like they're just getting their shit done without like any questions at all. Then I also hired B and C players.

Now, B and C players, these people like I had to spend more time teaching them and training them up. I had to spend more money on like additional managers to manage these people on top of like, you know, what they're already doing. It's like an A player who starts to already self-motivate, already getting their shit done.

Then B and C players like these were people that like I had to hire additional people, additional resources to train them up, to manage these people and just have to build all this extra infrastructure to cater around the B and C players. And the biggest mistake I ever made in my ad agency was I basically came there and took the A player and I basically said, hey, stop writing ads, stop managing accounts. And now I want you to go manage the B and C players to where like, you know, the A player would be basically at the top and then he would have like the B and the C players that would be doing all the work.

And the A player would basically just be watching down over these B and C players while they're doing the work and stuff like that. And this became a huge problem because then the A player would just came to me every day, like just like stressed out and like tired of managing these people felt like they were, you know, basically handicapped in the perspective of like, they could just get these things done way better if they just didn't have these people in play. And I eventually got to a point where I had the A player wanting to leave.

The B and C players were costing me a ton of money, ton of time, and just overall like client results started to take. So we had bad client results. We had A players wanting to leave.

We had B and C players that still didn't know what the fuck to do. And it just became a whole mess that costed me a ton of money. And to be fair, this actually cost me a whopping $300,000 in 2024.

And it was one of the biggest like financial mistakes I've ever made in my life. Now $300,000, that number came down to team costs, specifically team costs for B and C players that came down to lost clients. And that came down to just like other wasted resources.

We hired this one specific person. And this one specific person was like, literally just had the objective of powering UGC creators, creating UGC scripts, and like, you know, basically getting the content in. And after this person working with us for three months, paying them and paying all the creators they hired, we spent I think around 30 to $40,000 total between that particular team members payroll, and all of the content they specifically paid creators to film.

And we had zero winning ads from that. So that was about 30 $40,000 I just took out and lit on fire. I'm a huge person investing.

I love investing. I love specifically investing in the S&P 500. That could have been an extra $30,000 I could have put into the S&P 500.

And over the course, about 20 years, that would have 10x since about 300k. So not only on top of this, this 300k that actually physically lost in 2024, this is also $300,000 I could have invested instead of giving to these people. And I would have had an extra $3 million in 20 years from now.

So just easily the worst financial mistake I've ever made in my life. But again, we want to go back into what is the team you need? How do you avoid these things?

And the reason why you need to understand this first, because before you start hiring people, you have to understand if you have an A player on your team, and you can accomplish significantly more. I like to look at it as like this, like one A player equals like, yeah, to five, you know, B to C players. Like this is like five different people right here that probably cost about 25k 25k a month right here 25k.

And this one A player will probably cost you about 10k a month. All right. So and that's the first mistake or first lesson you have to understand is that an A player will cost more, but they're going to cost less than you having to hire a full team of B and C players right there.

So what makes an A player? And again, you have to understand this before we actually get into the team you need for Facebook ads. Because if you understand this, it's going to prevent you from making this mistake.

And it's also going to understand why I hire the key people on my Facebook ads team that I do, because this is going to make so much more sense from there. So inside of here, you have your your A player. Now what makes an A player?

Like I said, this person is self motivated. This person wants to progress. And that's going to be from a financial side in terms of money, and also to education.

I used to think that people only left businesses because of like, hey, you know, they're not making enough money. And that's false. I've learned that it's it is money that does play a role in it.

But also a big thing that, you know, makes people leave businesses is when they feel like they're not progressing, they're not learning, and, you know, advancing their own skill set. And especially in an industry like this, like Facebook ads, for example, it's a very competitive industry industry. And there's so much to learn, that there's always things and opportunities for you to learn more.

So like for me, I'm always buying like masterminds and stuff like that, for my team members to wear like in courses and stuff to where they can keep advancing and growing and stuff, because I know that's part of what's going to keep them long term. I also do a lot of one on one sessions with my team. And that way, I can also have an opportunity there to give them the lesson they need in that key point right there to learn more and further advance their skill set.

So there's the self motivated, they naturally want to strive for more, there's progression in terms of there's a clear path for them to make more money. There's education that's also given. Now I'm be very clear on the education side.

I'm not giving them education in the sense of like, hey, I need a copywriter, let me go buy a course teaching them how to do copywriting. Every A player is better than me at something. So if I'm hiring a copywriter for my team, that copywriter needs to be able to write better copy than me.

If I'm hiring a video editor on my team, that video editor needs to be better at video editing than me. If I'm hiring a Facebook ads person, that Facebook ads person needs to be better than Facebook ads than me. If that is the case, then that's gonna be a phenomenal investment because not only am I getting them on the team, I'm also getting an opportunity for me to learn more personally about that specific thing.

Not that not that I like they're gonna come on and I'm gonna sit there and interrogate them on every single decision they make. But just more specifically, I get to see like, what new ideas they bring to the table. And that's phenomenal.

People pay a lot of money for new ideas. That's why a lot of people join my inner circle. Because when they're in my inner circle, I get to give them more specific and new ideas and new ways to think about how they can, you know, run ads for their specific product right there, new angles and stuff.

So A player, self motivated, they have a natural desire to progress in life through education, making more money, they're better than me at whatever specifically I hire them for. And yeah, I would say that's the main ones. I'd say the last one is just consistency.

There's been a lot of people that claim they're A players and they come on board and they like, they look good for these things. But then like, they're just inconsistent. Yes, I'm not going to track how many days you work a week as an A player.

I'm not going to track the exact time you log in and log out. But like, overall, I should see some general consistency of like, hey, you're putting effort in, maybe only work three days a week. But those three days, you're working like 18 hours each of those days, like you're putting a ton of work consistently in for a long period of time.

And you're not going to get discouraged easily. I heard a quote a while back where it's like the most motivated people are always the first people to quit. The people that are like, you know, they get all hyped up really easily.

You might have seen this in like some of your friends and stuff where like, they get super motivated or super excited to start a business. And they go at it for like a day and then they quit. So I just find that the people that are the most like, thankful and the most like, I'm gonna crush it, I'm pumped up, I'm fired up, blah, blah, blah.

Those people are the first people to fall off. I remember I had a sales rep a long time ago come on board when I used to try to hire sales reps and stuff from agency. And this person came on board and like, literally was like talking all this big shit, blah, blah, blah, like super excited.

Then like the first week, they didn't see the results they wanted. And they're like, don't worry, Nick, I'm gonna turn this around. Then the second week came around and like this person like kept that energy up for about a day, then just slowly goes to me completely after that.

And I've just seen that with like every person I've dealt with in life, whether it's health, wealth and love, just like the people that talk the most in the beginning are always the first people to fall off. So, A players typically won't be like that. Like they'll be, you know, they'll talk a little bit because they're a little confident in themselves.

But like, you know, for me, it's like the consistency part. That's what I'm looking for. A key thing there.

These are gonna be A players right here. Now, B and C players, these people right here, these people are gonna be like, they're gonna make excuses easily of why they could get something done. You know, these are gonna be the people that like, I remember one time I was hiring for a particular position.

It was a copywriting position. Nah, I just simply sent over like, I had a list of applicants. I just sent over a question to each of these applicants.

Hey, like what, um, you know, like based off all the ads you you've written, what's like the percentage of those ads have turned into winning ads. And like almost everyone replied, except like one person just basically saying like, you were a disgrace for asking that and not being on an actual call with me because you don't want to meet me. I'm just gonna politely revoke my conversation, my application from this.

And like literally like 20 people replied back, like no problem at all. This one particular person just like made this out loudness mail, he outland this message to me. And I'm just like, don't worry.

Like, you don't have to worry about revoking it. I'm blocking you already. Just for the simple fact that like, I literally asked you a simple question that significant numbers of people had no problem at all with replying back.

And like, you're just like already feeling attacked. And like, that's an easy way for a B or C player right there to be kicked out. B and C players, they don't really like talking about results and performances and stuff.

They're going to be the more of the people that are like, well, what's up a company culture. Do you have how many breaks do I get a year? What's vacation time look like?

And like, just those are the people right there. If they're already leading with those things, then it's just like, yeah, they're just, they're not it. They're just not going to be there.

So now that we kind of know, like difference between A players, B players, C players, before we actually get into the actual, like what I would say, Hey, like, this is the team you need. There's one more final thing you need to understand, which is the hiring process. Now I have a specific process that I like to follow.

This is where I basically go ahead I put out an app. Now this application, I do this on a few different places. I like LinkedIn.

LinkedIn has a specific place where you can do LinkedIn hiring. And I'll just put an application on there and get a bunch of applications or put out a post right there and get a bunch of things. It's like, I actually specifically call that posting.

So I put out a post and then I get a bunch of people on LinkedIn. And no, that's not because of my personal brand. Like there's literally an area where it's called like LinkedIn hiring right there.

We can put out some stuff for like to hire people. So you got LinkedIn. Another really good one is Twitter.

If you go to Twitter and you go to a little search bar on Twitter, you literally just type in like Facebook ads or copywriter, and you'll see a list of people that have that in their name. And I found some decent people with that. You have the OG, which is onlinejobs.ph.

And then you can also go to like Upwork, for example. Now I put out a post basically on these platforms. And then what I'll do is I might get like, I don't know, 100 applicants for this.

And then what I like to do is I basically like to sort this down to like, I don't know, let's just say like the top 10 people. And then I'll do a what's called, you know, just like discovery call or interview. And basically this call, I'm basically just trying to figure out number one culture.

Culture for me is literally just like, I just like to access one question. And I don't actually ask this person this question. But I just like to like, ask myself this question, which is like, would I ever want to hop back on a call with this person?

Like, do I actively enjoy talking to this person? If I hop on that first call, and I'm just struggling to talk to this person, like this person is just like, I don't know, maybe this person is being a dick or like, just like, like, just whatever. I just I'm that's it.

I'm crossing you out right then and there. I don't care how good you are, whatever. If I can't jump on the call with you and just immediately start to like, oh, shit, like you're really cool to talk to, like enjoy conversations with you and stuff, then like, I'm not going to hire you.

And that's purely just from the perspective of like, hey, we're going to be working a long term partnership together. And I have to make sure I can talk to you and be open to these calls and stuff. So culture, then I look at other things like pay performance, you know, maybe time, make sure the timeline of like how us work and stuff like that together, the pay was all that looked like and everything.

And then a big key one I like to understand is specifically, I want to understand their thought process. So what I like to look at is what is like a time where like, let's say I'm hiring a copywriter, what is the time that you struggled with a project specifically? And how did you turn that project around?

So basically, if they were writing for a product, let's just say it's a C4 right here that I'm drinking, and they were not getting the performance they were expecting, what did they do to basically turn that thing around? And I really want to understand their problem solving skillsets specifically. And to be able to understand, okay, hey, is this person more like a self and independent thinker?

Do they actively try to go and solve problems before they bring them to me? That's also another A player trait right there. Let's go at that actively solve problems.

So that's another really big A player trait for me is that an A player will actively go out there and try to problem in troubleshoot a problem first before they go ahead and bring it to me. Whereas a B or C player will just be like, hey, Nick, I have this problem. Like, great.

What have you tried to fix it? Like, oh, I haven't tried to fix it yet. I'm like, why?

Like, I have this problem. I'm like, yeah, but have you actively gone out there and tried to fix it? They're like, no.

Like, why the not? Like, because I want to show you the problem. I'm like, go fix the problem first, or at least attempt to fix it before you bring it to me.

That way I can like then give you like more specific advice or, you know, better yet, I would probably do the exact same thing as you and go to YouTube or something like that. So for me, all the A players on my team, they actively go out there and attempt to solve a problem and then come to me only when, hey, Nick, here, we have this problem. I've tried this, this, and this.

I don't know what's going on here. Can you just like review this with me to see where I might be blind at and, you know, we could find a better solution. You see, you notice the difference there versus, hey, Nick, how's this problem?

Hey, hey, mom, dad, I can't log in the iPad. It's like, the fuck? Like, that's literally what it looks like.

So that's, that's the big thing for me. Now, from here, I'll limit this down to like maybe like four people. And then what I'll do is they'll do a free project for me.

And this free project is going to be a 30 minutes max, 30 minutes. And all I'm having them to do is basically go ahead and like bring something to the table of like, like if it's a video designer that I'm hiring, then like this person will do a free, like 30 minute video, not like the video won't be 30 minutes, but they'll spend a max 30 minutes for me to go out there and like basically go ahead and do that video. Or if like, if I'm hiring a thumbnail designer, the thumbnail designer will go ahead and like make me a thumbnail within that 30 minutes.

If it's a copywriter, the copywriter will go and write some copy based off the research I've given. If it's a media buyer, they'll go do a quick audit of my ad account and kind of tell me specifically what they would do when they hop in this ad account and stuff. So it's just taking about 30 minutes of their time completely for free.

And I do not give a deadline. So that way I can see who the self-motivated people are. The self-motivated people like literally right after we hop off that call, they'll prioritize taking action on that thing.

And then they'll go ahead and send me those things right away. Whereas like one time I literally had someone reply back six months later asking if this position is still open. Here's the sample project six months later.

Now at that point, it's just like, bro, get blocked. I'm not responding to you. Cool.

So now you know, a player versus B or C player. You know how I hire these people and everything. I think my last thing real quick, I just want to really put on right here is that when you're putting out a job post, have clear expectations of what you're looking for.

Have clear expectations of what that specific person will be doing on a day to day basis. And also to have clear SOPs ready for them. You do not need SOPs in the sense of here's how to create a Facebook ad.

Because again, if your hire is one better than you, then you don't need SOPs that show them how to create a Facebook ad. They should already know those things already. But what the SOPs should look like is more specifically, here's how to work within my business.

Here's how to log into Slack. Here's how we use Asana for project management. Here's how we upload videos to friend.io so we can be reviewed and stuff before it's sent over.

Those are the key things that you have to be looking at. Now, let's actually look at team structure now. And let's really dig deep into this.

So the first person you're going to have on your team is what's called a media buyer. Now the media buyer is going to upload ads, turn off ads, or turn on. I was going to say turn on off ads.

Media buyer will go ahead and adjust budgets. Media buyer will also go ahead and do like reporting. Media buyer will also run the numbers.

And that's it. So basically, this is all the media buyers doing. The media buyer is not writing copy.

This particular person is not actually going ahead and like actively doing anything specifically around creative creation. All that person is doing is here media buyer, here's new creatives that need to be uploaded. That media buyer takes that and then basically goes ahead and uploads those ads.

Then that person will turn off the ads that are underperforming. He'll adjust budgets or shield just budgets. She'll do reporting or he'll do reporting where like on a day-to-day basis, you may want some reporting or like a week-to-week case.

And then you also have run the numbers, which run the numbers specifically is more just like, Hey, here's where our cost profit acquisition is at. I think we could probably like squeeze that a little bit better if we do this and this. So just running through different scenarios around the current numbers we have now and what, how can we run like do better with those numbers right there.

So, uh, this person right here, you're looking at a paying a brown, I'd say anywhere between four to 6k per month for a pretty good one. And this is like for literally just like one account right here. If you're an agency, obviously you could have a media buyer that does like this as well across a couple of different accounts, but typically anywhere between like 4k a month, probably like 4k a month for like a media buyer just on your team.

And that's it. Again, this is all they're doing. They're not doing in those ads or anything like crazy like that.

And then like 6k a month will be more like probably like agency with like three or four accounts under that person right there. Now, next person you'll have is your designer and this specific person right here, this person is creating static graphics person's doing videos and like videos is very generic. Like it might be like some AI edits, UGC edits, long story short, the designer, like they're doing both statics and videos.

And they're very skilled in both. I wouldn't say like they're, you know, they've been doing static graphics last 20 years of their life. It's like they have a really good experience, most static and video.

It can pump out some decent stuff. But yeah, that's the primary thing. This person will also be responsible for like reviewing ads from other brands because it also allows them to understand like what's working on the marketplace.

And again, they should be like self-driven for that. So you have your designer, your media buyer, and then the next person you'll have on your team is called the marketing strategist. Now, this person is basically the person that runs these two positions, the media buyer and designer.

This person is basically calling the shots. So I like to call it, they're going to write, write the ads and writing the ads means like scripts, hooks, you know, etc. Like all those things.

The person will hire creators if needed. Um, this person right here will go do the research, run the numbers as well. So this person will be working really closely with the media buyer.

Maybe you need a new landing page made. He'll go work with like the designer to create the graphics for the landing page and then leverage some type of template already through like funnel-ish for like a quick avatar. But if they need like a really professional done landing page, then they'll probably just go ahead and hire like a developer real quick.

Like I have a developer because I'm the marketing strategist for my team. I have a developer that, um, if I need anything advanced created that I can't already do with like a funnel-ish template for like an avatar or a listicle, then I'll hire that developer and that developer will go build out with literally whatever I need. Um, but that'll be responsible if we need to do any new landing page, any new CRO.

And then last thing is AOV optimization. Now I know y'all might seem like this is a lot right here. Uh, uh, you know, landing pages, conversion optimization and AOV optimization.

But the key thing to understand here is that a skilled marketing strategist is only going to apply pressure on whatever the bottleneck is. So we're only going to go build out a new landing page when we're understanding that our current landing page right now is an issue. We're only going to spend time on conversion rate optimization when the current product page right now, there's an issue with it that we want to split test and try to find a better version.

So the marketing strategies, it's not like they're creating new ads every day, optimizing AOV every day, optimizing CRO every day, and optimizing LP every day. It's like it's ads, LP, and then AOV, and they cycle back and forth between these based off of what the bottleneck is at that given time. So like for me, for some of my clients, I may not test ads for a couple of weeks for that client because the current bottleneck is actually not the ads.

It's, um, AOV or it's like the CRO side. There's other clients where AOV and CRO is amazing. So I spent all my time on the ads itself.

My objective here is to understand what the bottleneck is and you'll spend all that time on that thing and breaking past that so we can scale up further. That's the key thing to understand. Now a good marketing strategist, you're going to be looking at paying, I'd say, anywhere between $8K to $10K per month.

And then a designer, you're going to be looking at paying, I'd say around $4K to $6K per month as well. So, I mean, you're looking right here, $6K, $12K, you know, let's just say $8K on the low end right there. You're going to be looking at paying about $20K a month.

But like, this is literally the team that can get you from $1K a day all the way to, I think, at our peak, you know, our biggest client was like $3.5 million a month. So, I mean, this can get you all the way up to $1K a day to $100K per day, per day team right here. So, this is the team structure you need and the only people you need to be able to like have an elitely skilled team that can just come in and absolutely crush it for you.

Now, if you don't want to hire these roles yourself and you want to actually create, like work with a team that's already built like this is where my agency comes in play, where I actually come and do all this. And this is exactly how my team is built right here. I'm the marketing strategist.

I'm a designer and I have a media buyer and I charge $10K a month specifically for my agency. And we come in and we do all of those things for you. So, if you're interested in that, just click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads.

Now, if you're maybe not that level yet, but you definitely want my help, then click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. Then, you know, click link below to my inner circle where I do one-on-one mentoring specifically with you. Now, if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.