If you are struggling with Facebook ad fatigue, then you need to watch this video. Today, I'll be breaking down the market composition of Facebook ad fatigue and digging deeper of exactly why you are getting Facebook ad fatigue and essentially what are kind of like the next steps you can take inside of the account that's gonna help you break away from that ad fatigue issue. So that being said, let's dive into video.

So one of the biggest reasons why people are having ad fatigue is because they do not understand market composition. Now, market composition is basically my kind of perspective on how like segmented your Facebook ads really are. And a lot of people think like when you go, you create a Facebook ad, you select an audience, that reach size right there Facebook gives you is gonna be the whole amount of people that you, and that's actually false.

So let me show you this document here. This is something I created. This is based off me spending, you know, anywhere between 1.5, $2 million, some off on Facebook ads for the last year and a half, doing over $100 million in revenue for clients.

Like this is based off all of my experience with that. So first off, here's Melplus Female 18 plus. It's roughly about 240 million people you can target when you select that broad targeting, which is just age, gender, location.

Obviously, if you have an audience, like a lookalike audience, if you have an interest, it's gonna be significantly cut down even further. So this is that whole audience right here. Now, if you notice, like we're only gonna be targeting a portion of that when we select purchase.

So when optimizing for purchases, you don't reach every one of the 240 million people because Facebook categorizes its users based off the events that they're most likely to take action on. This is why if you optimize for ads to carts, you get a whole bunch of ads to carts. If you optimize for initiate checkout, you're gonna reach people who are more likely to initiate checkout and do not purchase.

So that's why I tell people, even if you start with a brand new account, you still have a 10X higher chance of getting purchases when you optimize for our purchases. So in this particular case right here, as soon as we optimize for purchases, we go from 240 million people down to about 80 million people we can actively target. Again, that's within USA, Melplus Female 18 plus.

So it's about 30%, I would say, of your audience. Maybe you're reaching 1,000 people and you optimize for purchases. Well, guess what?

You're reaching about 300 people now. So 80 million people now, and the next thing we have is the desires we're going after across the market. So let's say, for example, we're going after the desire for money.

Well, we immediately go from 80 million people to about 40 million people. 40 million people who have the desire for money. Now, again, desire for money is one of the instincts.

We're always gonna have that. But for the most part, I'm looking for more like people that's front of the mind, stuff like that. I would even say that this is probably even lower.

I'll tell you, this is probably about 25 to 30 million people for this particular example here. So there's gonna be different desires across the marketplace. A desire is just simply a want.

Like, think about the number of people who want a quantum processing chip. Probably very low amount of people. Probably maybe 200, 300 people right now that's just actively looking for that, actively want that.

Now think about the desire for looking good to get a girlfriend, significant more amount of people, or the desire to quit your job. So again, significantly more amount of people. So different desires will make up your marketplace and that's all within your audience you're targeting.

So, and again, once it's further down for that purchase event. So I just desire for money, about 40 million people. Now let's go in deeper into that.

So this is all the people that can target. That's US, mouthless, female, 18 plus, optimized for purchases and desire for money. And again, we haven't even really gotten to the ad creative yet.

So this is why it's important when you're doing your preliminary research before you create an ad to understand these things. Desire for money, about 40 million people. Now what I did next was our awareness levels to that desire right there.

Now, what is the market awareness levels? It's how far or how close someone is to purchasing your product. So for unaware, I may create an ad, something like, you know, how I made $50,000 on the beach in Miami in less than two hours.

I just opened up the unaware market. Why? Because it's gonna appeal to people who like the beach.

It's also gonna appeal to like that traveling kind of customer persona. It's also gonna be like, holy shit, how'd you make much money in so little time? And problem aware would be more like, I'm struggling to pay my bills.

Lucian aware people are like actively looking at variety of different types of mechanisms to make them money. Whether it's Facebook ads, or it's getting a new job, whether it's Forex trading, whether it's like just variety of different things like that. And then product aware people who are actively aware of your product.

Like for example, I have about like people who actively watch my channel. These are like product aware people, you know, they watch a couple YouTubers in the Facebook ads niche and I'm one of them and they are actively tuning in. So these are people that are aware of what you sell and aware of your brand.

And then aware is people that are actively considering purchasing from you. So, and again, these are all estimates right here. Obviously it's gonna be different for all of you guys, but I just wanna try to show you the most possible.

So let's go at our unaware market because that's about 20 million people. So unaware market's already gonna make up to 70% of your market. So desire for money, 40 million people also that are optimized for purchases also within this demographic right here.

So unaware, unaware people, we have about 20 million people. Okay. Now the next thing at the market awareness level comes down to your customer persona.

So these are the different types of people that we are appealing to. So here's a, this customer persona is much larger than this customer persona. And this customer persona is much larger than this one.

So the customer persona gonna greatly the number of people that you can target. So let's go a little bit deeper in that. So let's just say, for example, you have a clothing brand.

Let's say you have a gym clothing brand, for example. Maybe one customer persona is girls who lift weights. Another customer persona is girls who do yoga.

Another customer persona is girls who ride bikes, go trail, trail, trail, and stuff like that. So there's a couple different personas right there. I would just go off a limb and say that there's significantly more girls now lifting weights in the gym than there's girls that's going off road ride.

But again, hey, I could be completely wrong. That's based off my own perspective and the things I see on a daily basis to have that belief. Let's just say it's something like that.

Different customer personas are gonna be larger and smaller. And do we always need to go after the largest customer persona or the largest awareness stage? No.

Sometimes you can find a smaller niche, smaller persona that no one's catering to and there's less competition. And we'll talk a little bit more about that in a second. So here, this is our customer persona.

Here, this little circle and that's about 6 million people. So 6 million people that unaware, that have a desire for money, who are optimized for purchase, and who are within our audience that we selected on Facebook tutorial. Now, the next thing that it does is it segments further by different, that appeal to that particular customer persona.

This ad right here, 2 million people that this ad can appeal to. This maybe has this little circle right here, this small little thing, has maybe like 100,000 people. This one maybe have a million.

This one may have like 200,000 people, right? So, so the different types of ads you put to target that particular customer persona within that level of awareness stage, within that desire, within that optimization event in that audience you selected is going to greatly, the amount of people you can reach with that particular ad. So, this is also why I start digging deeper into creative diversification and going into, hey, like for example, this ad right here that's reaching 2 million people and appeals to 2 million people, for example, within this customer persona.

I don't want to just keep doing the same visuals over and over and over because I'm limiting myself to 2 million people out of the 240 million people within this audience. I think that's like 1%, maybe less. Yeah, 1%.

So, this adds a billing to 1%. So, I want to go create another ad that appeals to another 1%, another 1%, to my one appealing to like 3% or 4%. Then, I'll go to another customer persona and hit those customers persona and then hit this customer persona.

Then, I'll start moving over to different awareness stages to have a variety of different ads in the account. Now, let's just, before I kind of go too far on that, just take a backtrack. So, this ad only appeals to this many people.

Why are you getting creative fatigue and ad fatigue? Because the ad, yes, you can target many people, right? But you're not taking consideration the fact that this audience drops when you start doing things like this, when you start doing things like this, when you start doing things like this, then you get your ad and the number of people can appeal to.

So, this is why, again, we like to create a lot of content, testing out customer personas, angles for that persona, and testing out different levels of market awareness, and testing out different levels of desires. We never change this. We optimize purchase all the time, and we do broad targeting all the time.

So, this allows us to maximize the amount of people that we can actively target on Facebook, which only maximizes the success potential. Like, just imagine here, so, this is 240 million people. Let's say I selected a lookalike of 1%.

So, I would have like, I think a lookalike audience, a typical 1% lookalike audience, like 2 million people in it. So, it puts us all the way down from 240 million people down to about 2 million people we can target. Purchase event immediately cuts that in half to a million people, maybe even more.

The desire we're going after may cut that down to 500k people, and then, I mean, maybe 200, 300,000 people based off the awareness level, we actively target. And then the persona, maybe 100,000 people, then the ad we create, maybe 10,000 people we appeal to. So, that's why I've never been able to scale an account with lookalikes.

This is why I struggle to scale accounts with interest and stuff like that. They're okay in the beginning. We personally don't even start with them in the beginning because we've just seen so much success with broad targeting in the beginning, age, gender, location.

And because we actively look at the ad itself and we let the ad itself do all the targeting for us. This ad right here is meant for this persona with this level of awareness stage and this desire. So, that's why we need to look at from a higher level perspective.

Now, Nick, do I need to go to an unaware market awareness? Do I need to go with promaware? Do I need to go with solution aware?

Well, this comes down to your market research, right? So, like, I did an example for unaware. I'll be completely honest with you.

We only probably actively promote to unaware in about maybe two or three of our accounts out of our 12 accounts we're actively running ads for right now. And that's because the awareness level for that account is unaware. I think maybe two or three other accounts we're promoting promaware because that is the market awareness level for that particular account in that industry.

We have a variety of accounts at Solution Aware. So, you know, we don't sit there and just go stuff the account with all these awareness levels and all these ads. Every ad still has to prove its success.

What do I mean by that? So, you know, we don't want to like, like when I say creative diversification, that doesn't mean I need to go stuff the account with a bunch of random ads to diversify the account. Every ad still has to prove its success potential.

If you go and watch the YouTube or watch my YouTube channel, how to run Facebook ads in 2024 or how to test Facebook ads in 2024, I show you how each, how we test each ad creative and I show you how, you know, we validate that it works at scale. We're still doing that with all of these different ads, different stages and things like that. I'm not just setting a bunch of ads to run because, oh, it's diversifying creative even though they're not getting any purchases or anything like that.

It just allows me as someone who's deciding the next couple ads we push in the account, it allows me to decide where we kind of need to go and where we already might be at. So, that's the biggest thing I want to send off here. The biggest problem I see with Facebook ad fatigue is that, hey, we found a winning ad like a year ago and we've been just keep doing the same shit over and over and over and over and month over month we see performance decline because we've just been doing the same shit over and over.

We've been running this ad one right here and only appeals to about 2 million people for last year and we haven't ventured off into looking at other customer personas, we haven't ventured off to look at other levels of market awareness and we haven't ventured off to look at other desires and that's where I find that in so many accounts that we run ads for that's the biggest thing they struggle with. That's how we've been able to help what, four brands now scale from 100k a month to over six figures, I mean, not six figures, seven figures a month by simply looking at these key things right here. So, I really hope this helps you guys out, I really hope this kind of helps you open your eyes to, okay, here's where I'm at, here's where I might need to go, here's another awareness level I might need to test, here's another desire I might need to test and I have plenty of videos on all my channel if you just look up market desires, awareness levels, I got plenty of videos on the channel that goes into all of this.

So, if you have any comments or questions, drop them below, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, my name is Nick Terrio and I hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.