Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we'll be diving into Ad of the Week, Episode 2. So, I got a lot of really amazing feedback on the last one where we kind of went from approach of having a lot of creative and show you all at once to actually diving into more of the psychology and more of like the actual like going in depth of into an ad and what makes it great. And this is something that I just can nerd out about all day.

I literally hop on consulting calls all the time with people doing seven, eight, nine figures. I'll pay them and be like, hey, let's just talk creative for a while and really pick their minds. So, I've been able to drastically improve my mindset over that time period.

And it's something I really enjoy just talking about and really digging into with people. Every time there's creative on TV, commercials and stuff, I'm sitting there just thinking like, how can I reimburse an engineer? How is this planned out and stuff like that?

So, I'm really excited to just kind of bring this more onto the channel as well to give you guys inspiration of what you can do for your brands because it's something that is easily anyone can do. You can just go online, look at it, pull it out and just review it and study and see what you can do. What makes other brands successful?

So, with that being said, today we're going to be actually discussing a clothing brand because, one, I've had a lot of people follow me because of clothing. I'm not sure why, but I got a lot of people that want to start clothing brands. They follow me and that's all stuff that, you know, that's something really popular topic.

So, I'm really going to dive into a clothing brand this episode. So, before we get started, make sure to hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. That being said, guys, let's dive into this video.

Okay. So, we are diving into a brand called the 316 Collection. Now, this particular brand, I do not run in their ads.

So, just a full transparency. I do not run these people's ads at all. This ad particularly fell on my lap about a year ago.

Literally a year ago. And, not this exact ad, but this brand. And, fun fact, the particular agency that runs this team's, this group's ads is actually like one of my, like, not really say inner circles, but just in a distant circle.

And, I've seen them talk about this brand and literally taking it from six figures to seven figures, you know, on a very strong road, you know, to that eight figure mark. So, absolutely impressive job to the agency. If you're watching this, I do have a lot of big names that have been watching my videos lately.

So, if you're watching this, kudos to you guys. You have done an amazing job with this particular brand. So, with that being said, there is a lot of stuff going on with this brand.

And, they have mastered everything when it came down to retention, LTV, AOV, dropping new products. But, the most important thing they've mastered is creative. And, actually able to distinguish their products across the others.

So, these people, they're doing something right. And, they're doing something that if I were to start a clothing brand, this is the route I would go. I talked to a lot of people.

And, a lot of people that either want to scale their clothing brand and it's not set up properly. Because, there's no movement behind a clothing. I truly believe that a clothing brand, you're buying into the community, the movement, the lifestyle.

And, a lot of clothing brands I've talked to, it's just not set up. It's, there's no, ugh, of why I need to buy this. And, this particular brand has done an amazing job with that.

So, let's just dive into it. Let's stop talking. Let's actually kind of dive into this a little bit.

And, let's see what we got going on. Yeah, that's it. So, nothing crazy here.

This is not, nothing nearly as complex. It's literally very fast. It's more of just showing off the product.

And, a more of like a kind of top of funnel, just initial awareness ad. So, likely this right here is just to get as many people as possible into your retargeting. So, let's just start off right here.

Meet 316, a curated fashion brand fused with faith to give the modern believer an avenue to make a statement and share the gospel in a fresh and fashionable way. So, looking at their clothing, it starts off more than a brand. Wear your story and express your faith.

So, look. First off, if you watched my video about your job as a marketer, your job as a marketer is to fix a problem the current person has. Now, Nick, clothing doesn't have problems.

Look at this. Fashion brand fused with faith to give the modern believer an avenue to make a statement. So, we're fixing a problem they didn't even know they had because they can show off their faith in a fashionable way.

You know, it's not just some cheesy like, you know, cotton t-shirts with like faith on it. It's actually some really cool clothes that, you know, depending on your religion, it's something that really, really, really, you know, you'd wear. It's strong faith and everything.

So, you're fixing a problem by giving people a way for them to share their faith. So, you're fixing a problem right here. It's an avenue to express their faith.

So, you see how they created that. And the solution is their clothing. Curated fashion brand with faith to give the modern believer an avenue to make a statement and share the gospel in a fresh and fashionable way.

Now, look, I'll be honest with you. This creative itself is not anything fancy. A few words, a few that.

Their clothes says it all. That's it. Like, first off, this jacket really pops.

This obviously pops a lot. And then, you know, this other one pops pretty decently as well. Salvation one right here.

So, that works really good. Now, the next thing is who would wear this clothing? Obviously, you know, when I started talking a lot about faith and everything like that, you can quickly kind of get into like older people.

But they know their ideal demographic is probably people like youth faith, youth ministry and stuff like that. And they're really digging in that with younger people that look good. They're out on the street.

Where I would wear this, out in the street. It's building that lifestyle approach of where would you wear this. Again, out the street.

This person, I can't really tell. They're kind of like just in a... This one's a little bit off.

I don't really care for that particular image that much. Because it's very hard to see exactly like what's all going on right there. So, but yeah.

So, a very simple ad. It's nothing crazy. But it's the problem is we've effectively, with a clothing brand, established a solution to a particular problem.

And then what we're doing is we're bridging that connection between problem to solution, which is your job as a marketer to bridge that problem to solution through your product. And, you know, marketing that product of telling people how it can fix that solution with your product. So, yeah.

Very cool. And nothing too crazy. And like I said, clothing is very simple and straightforward.

99% of the time, what works for clothing is people that look like the people your customer either wants to look like or looks like. So, you can do two different things right there. With clothing, people typically look at models and either A, want to be those models, or A, see themselves in those models as people that resemble them.

So, you can do both of those models. Models that look like your ideal customer. And then also models that look like what your customer wants to look like, wants to look like.

Keynote. So, yeah. So, that basically right there, that's another key thing.

Second thing is where are they going to be wearing these clothes? Is it, you know, at church? Is it, you know, going through downtown and stuff and just being out in public?

And that's what they've taken because they wanted to, a way to where they can share their, the gospel in a fresh and fashionable way. Now, the last thing and the biggest thing that everyone's going to miss is the clothing. The clothing sells itself.

And clothing does sell itself in every single ad that is successful in clothing that I've ran and that I've seen big brands for. If your clothing is not converting and you're testing a lot of creative, nine times out of ten is the product and not the creative. And I know it's hard to say that.

And that's why we only work with brands doing at least 25K a month in revenue because we want to make sure that their product has worked really well on organic and paid traffic already. And we can come simply in and just boost their performance. And right here, that is basically a big thing with clothing of why we don't really take on people that, you know, are doing less than, say, $1,000 a month.

Because, you know, it could be the product. It could be the, you know, the actual clothing or it could be the ads. There's a lot of more variables that need to be figured out before it's ready for scale.

Now, let's go ahead and actually do something a little further. Let's actually click on their website and see where it takes us. So it's a big thing right now that you need to look at too as well.

So they just take you to the homepage, which I guess is okay because it's more of a top of funnel ad. It's not really showing anything specific. Going through and then obviously you can see all of their, you know, clothes and stuff that they have on here.

You can see all the other cool stuff they're selling. There's their Dreamer collection right there. But yeah, yeah, it's really cool.

I love this brand. I personally don't have any of their clothes, but they're doing an absolute amazing job at setting the foundation to building a, you know, multi-million dollar brand. And without a doubt, I've been following them for a year now.

They scaled up with this one jacket right here. And now they've tremendously have gone even further with bigger collections and stuff like that. But yeah, so guys, I know this wasn't anything crazy as in like some very fancy ad review, but I really wanted to start kind of touching in on the clothing brand side because I haven't made any videos related to clothing brand in a while.

I know I have a lot of followers for that specific niche. But yeah, advice for clothing brands is really tying it into a very strong movement culture. It's going to give you tremendous more scaling potential.

Having really good looking clothes that people actually want because that right there is the biggest selling factor. If just you think it looks good, there might be a problem there. You really need to survey a few hundred people to see if that particular product actually is good.

And then is shoot people. Well, that does not sound right. Take pictures of models in places that, A, your ideal customer will be in.

Part of that lifestyle. If you're shooting, you know, if you're taking pictures of a gym clothing brand, there needs to be pictures of people working out in the gym. And, you know, if you're having trouble with that, really study your ideal audience and figure out where are they really going to wear their clothes?

Is it downtown on the party? Is it to go eat out? Is it to drive their car?

Is it to go to the gym? Is it to go shopping? Where are they going to be wearing those clothes and capture people in those areas?

And lastly, put models in that either A, look like your ideal customer, or B, look like what your ideal customer wants to look like. And that is the key component of a great clothing brand creative. Well, guys, I really hope y'all enjoyed this video.

If you are an e-com business owner and you would love to hop on a call with me and my team and we can discuss your business, we'll do a full ad account of your business and help you scale to either a six or seven figure mark, whatever mark you're trying to hit with your business. Simply click the link below. We'll do an ad account audit.

We'll give you the results and you can either take it and run with it or you have the option to work with us if you choose. So simply just click the link below to book a call with me and my team. Now, really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. With that being said, my name is Nick Terrio. It's about that time.

So I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.