Gotten a lot of questions around how to scale clothing brands, specifically with Facebook ads. And I really want to dive in today, specifically the creatives you use, because I don't know why clothing brand owners just think that market desire, awareness, sophistication, all that just doesn't apply to them at all. So we'll be talking today about creatives and different types of creative angles you can leverage from research and from just using those types of things right there.

And then I also want to talk a little bit about the ad account structure when it comes out to Facebook ads for fashion, because, you know, after scaling one clothing brand from negative $30,000 a month to making over 300 K a month and another clothing brand from 250 K a month to over two and a half million dollars a month, I have a lot of experience when it comes down to working with clothing brand clients. Those are not my personal brands, but just simply clients that we worked with in my advertising agency for e-commerce clients. So let's just start off with the ad account structure real quick.

I have a lot of videos on my YouTube channel that talks about how to structure your Facebook ads campaign, how to scale your Facebook ads campaign, how to test new Facebook ads in 2025. All of those videos apply exactly the same to clothing brands. The only thing different here is where a lot of clothing brand owners just, they don't really understand the key thing, the key differences when it kind of approaches to them.

So the biggest mistake clothing brand owners make is that they think every product in their store needs to be ran on Facebook ads. And that is so false. All of our clothing brands that we scaled, we've had maybe three to four products that we were focusing on inside of the ad accounts.

All of the other products on your store, we're simply just leveraging email and SMS. In fact, on average, 40% of our revenue on a month to month basis comes from returning customers, which comes from email and SMS. So that's the first mistake a lot of clothing brand owners make.

Now, as far as what three to four products you should focus on inside of the ad accounts, these are going to be your three to four best sellers that make up 70% of your monthly revenue. And if you only have one product making up 70% of your monthly revenue, then that's all you need to focus on is that one particular product right there. So that's the first thing you want to look at.

Now, in terms of campaign structure, let's say you have four best selling t-shirts that make 70% of your monthly revenue, they can all be in the same campaign. Let's say you have two t-shirts and two pairs of jeans, then guess what? One can be jeans campaign, one can be t-shirts campaign.

Let's say you're advertising in multiple different countries, then you can have a t-shirts campaign USA, t-shirts campaign Canada, t-shirts campaign Australia, for example, right there. So just from a campaign structure perspective. And what this is going to do is there's also going to be some logistical stuff that you're also going to have to change up in the backside of your business.

Because the biggest constraint when we start scaling our clothing brand is that, okay, now I need to get more evergreen inventory. And that's what we want. So you have your evergreen products that you can scale all year long.

And you want to keep filling up the inventory and make sure that's staying good. So you can really scale it on the Facebook ad side for your new customer acquisition. Now for your returning customers, like I said, this will be all of your other products in your store.

This is where email and SMS comes in play. If you want a really good brand to look at, go look at Pink Lily. Pink Lily does a phenomenal job with all of this.

Subscribe to our email list, subscribe to our SMS list, and you'll see a great example of this. Also organic. Organic plays a huge role as well.

Post a lot on your Instagram, maybe even TikTok as well, specifically showing off your other clothing items and all those good things there. Because that's also going to help you out as well with getting what I would say, you know, just more customers coming in right there. So you have your Facebook side for new customers, which are best sellers.

And then you have your email and SMS for all of your other products and pushing on that side right there. Now, as far as the types of creatives you want to run. So with fashion and clothing, you have a couple of different types, what I would say.

So you have graphic design t-shirts, for example, where it just comes down to the design on the shirt. So we're not really doing a ton of creative testing. We're doing just doing, we're doing more a ton of design testing where like, for example, we have this clothing brand and specifically a graphic design t-shirt brand.

They did over a hundred K last month in profit. And all we did all month was test graphic designs and like different shirts. And we just found a lot of winners.

That's it. And then you have more like, like, for example, like built BYLT, for example, they only have like a handful of shirts and pants, and there's no graphic design to it. It's more what I'd say, like luxurious type, more identity marketing, where like, we need to go create scenarios for them.

What do I mean by that? That means we need to create a problem for them. We need to latch on to various different things in your life.

Like, Hey, you want more girls attention, then you should wear this product or Hey, uh, your boss called it's 3 PM on a Sunday. What pair of pants could you wear lazy around the house and go in the office at the last minute while still looking dress appropriate? It's these pants right here.

So that's where it comes more like to the fashion side or like the, like the, the, the fashion side. And then the other aspect you have is what I call technical clothing and technical clothing is like, it performs a specific purpose. For example, like I went skiing, or I went to a Colorado recently for like skiing and stuff like that.

And I needed a jacket specifically for cold temperatures and stuff. So like, it was a pretty easy, like, Hey, I'm buying it for that technical aspect of it. And it was a pretty straightforward buy.

So there's a kind of a couple of different types of clothing, just want to kind of put that in mind. And then now let's actually start looking at some different creatives to focus on that. Where I see a lot of people go wrong with their creatives is that they don't focus on selling an identity and selling a dream outcome with their creative.

So the types of people we're going to use, they need to be, that's going to play a huge impact. And when I say people, the types of models we use, that's going to play a huge impact. I highly, highly, highly recommend studying more what I would say, like gym attire, gym shark, alphalete, anaka power, ASRV, like they use models that people want to look like both boys and girls.

That's the first critical step of clothing. I've tried people that look like the same people and it just never works at all. Like those models that look like 1% of the population just has an insanely better pool power.

Now look, again, I've tried models that look exactly like this, the person that's buying just doesn't pool at all. So I don't care if I'm politically correct or not in that particular case by, oh, hey, I know people don't look like that. I should use politically correct people.

But like we were getting literally no sales at all and no pulling power from that. People buy clothing to look like this new person and this new identity when they buy that clothing right there. And they want to look cool when buying this clothing.

And that's also another thing, never, ever, ever say, look cool wearing this. You need to show people what looking cool looks like. And that's where a lot of people get slaughtered at in the marketing because they don't have the budget to work with really good models.

They don't have the budget to work with, you know, like really cool street locations to film. And that's where so many clothing brands get slaughtered at. And hey, that's part of the game there to be fair.

So let's look at some creatives now and just kind of go through some of these. Very straightforward one. This is from Legend London right here.

Review creative, showing off a few of the different colors and stuff like that. This will be good right here for like more of like your retargeting level, which I don't technically like, I don't have a separate campaign for retargeting. I put all my retargeting ads, still targeting broad though, inside of my main campaign.

That's what this would go. Here's this one right here is pretty cool. Building the perfect oversized basic t-shirt.

So this is also another cool thing. So if we go kind of look at like the technical side of clothing, if we see a big complaint about a particular pair of clothing or a pair of pants, a shirt or jacket or something like that in the marketplace, then calling that out can help out a lot. So for example, here building the perfect oversized basic t-shirt.

So what does this mean? This means that people like oversized shirts that we're going after. We're also, it's people that value basic t-shirts.

And there's some type of what I would say dissatisfaction across the marketplace of oversized t-shirts right now because of either they're not basic enough or something like that. And that's exactly what this ad hits on right here. Now, I wouldn't say this is probably like a 10 out of 10.

I'd say this is probably more of like, I'd say like a six out of 10 in terms of just how much I like it. Missing, mixing aspect right here or missing aspect right here. It just simply just doesn't really show much about the shirt.

You know, it kind of starts off with like this, which eh, but then towards the end, you actually get to see a little bit better. I wish I knew this. Now, this is pretty cool.

These are again, what I would say a little bit more like product aware level, where it's just, I wish I knew this before I bought these pair of these jeans from Icon Amsterdam. And it kind of just goes over and hits on the benefits of them. So you can see right here, there's also a good one right here.

This is testing of the claims. What do I mean by that? It's showing a guy squatting in them because a common hate towards skinny jeans that you can't move with them in them at all.

So they're showing that it's, you can move in them. You can show them, um, the guy like testing those claims and stuff like that. And then also too, there's another thing here that they hit on.

Oh, wrinkle proof as well. So common hate towards other pants is there they get wrinkles really easily. All right.

Next one. This is the perfect fit track suit here. Great creative.

Let's just look at the location first. This looks like a luxury style house that immediately boost the quality of these, this track suit. If they were posting this walking out of a $5,000 trailer park, uh, that looked terrible, then it would immediately lower the perceived quality of those, um, that track suit.

So your filming location is so critical. Also too, dude looks good. You know, he doesn't look like, um, like a, well, I would say like a bad person or an ugly person, like dude generally looks good and everything like that.

So, uh, you know, that plays a huge impact right there of our perceived quality of this, just simply by the location, the person, they're also adding a little bit of context with a suitcase. Like it looks like he's probably going on a flight or something like that. And we're giving that context right there of when that they would also kind of like maybe wear this, uh, down the line.

Now, uh, another one from icon, Amsterdam. I love this one a lot because it immediately makes the everything look like significantly a higher perceived value. And that's part of the goal of clothing is that you want to make it look as higher perceived value as possible.

So when they click the website and they see the price and it's like, boom, Hey, that's actually way cheaper than I expected. And that's the goal because when value exceeds price, that's when people buy. So we can make the value seem insanely high.

And then they go to the website and exceeds the price point of which they were thinking it was going to be. Then guess what people buy and it makes it a no brainer task for them. So good looking model model looks like something that guys probably want to look like, you know, you can vividly see like his arm muscles and stuff, chest and everything like that.

Dude has, you know, dudes in good shape. Most guys want to be in good shape and everything. It's also appealing towards more, uh, towards like a market that likes tattoos and stuff like that too.

So we're seeing all that luxury is kind of the type of house right there. The setting right here with all the glass, like this house looks really nice or whatever this particular person's at camera, very high quality, all of those good things. Solid ad right here.

Like I said, we see a lot of these lifestyle ads work extremely well. Now let's move over now into some women's ads. This is actually a corset brand, which is slightly different than fashion, but it really helps a lot too with kind of just hitting on the things we talked about.

So first things first model, she looks very good. Let's just being very clear on that. Next thing location.

She looks like it to be in a luxurious location. Now that's also another thing. It looks luxurious just because of the view of it.

I don't know where this person's at in the world. So it's not like you have to go to a top 1% city in the world, but just make it like your camera angle. Like I'm only seeing like a little part story here.

Like there could be a whole McDonald's and a Burger King on the other side of this. And this looks like a terrible location on both sides, but just where it's cropped looks really good here. Lighting also is critical when it comes down to fashion and the lighting looks really good with this.

You can see the model. Well, you know, it's daylight. You can see the product clearly right then and there.

Very good job on that side. All right, now we're going to get into fitness. And here we have a girl wearing clothing that obviously just kind of shocks right out.

Like it's probably something that's not often we see. And same thing here. It's a girl that girls want to look like, you know, she's in shape, like she looks good.

So we're showing a model that people want to look like. And we're also, you know, the right lighting looks good. The gym looks pretty cool too that she's in.

So location, lighting, person, nailed it. Perfect. Here's another one from Perf or the Corset brand here.

We're actually kind of stepping away from more of the lifestyle and doing more of like these try on videos. These try on videos work really well too when it comes down to clothing. A couple of things here, like she's doing it at home.

This one where you don't really notice much about her background and stuff like that. But here's where less is more. Like, I don't know where she filmed this.

It could be her bathroom. It could be her closet. It could be some random room in her house.

But the subtleness of the room and the lighting is so good that it makes it look luxurious right here. She could be in a one bedroom apartment that's rent. That's like $500 a month for all of I know.

But just the aesthetic looks really good. And that's all key things that you really have to hit on when it comes down to the clothing side. All right.

Now here is where we're going to start getting a little bit more into kind of hitting on like those desires and stuff. And let me also be clear here, like for the desire side of clothing, we're hitting on it with this. Usually we're buying clothing because, you know, we want to become someone.

And when we buy, you know, these clothing right here, we're becoming that person we see in that ad. When we buy this corset right here, we're becoming that girl we see in that ad. When we buy this workout outfit, we're becoming this girl we see in the ad.

So our desire is to become that person that's much better looking than our current selves right now. And when we buy that clothing and when we showcase that ad right there, that's what we're highlighting in terms of that desire for the marketplace. So that's just key things right there that we are hitting on a desire.

Now for market sophistication, we're hitting on more stage four here. Stage four is where, you know, pretty much all of these clothing items have been done already, but we're just doing it slightly better. We have a slightly better design.

We have a slightly better fitting pants. We have a slightly better aesthetic in our, so we're just making ours better. Awareness level, all solution aware, pretty much we know clothing already exists and like these clothing items will exist.

Like girls know corsets exist. You know, girls know what I would say, like, you know, like fitness attire exists between the sports bra, sports leggings and stuff like that. And we're just simply showcasing a better version and we're hitting on the desire of becoming of when we do that right there.

Now, if we look at this board of wearing jeans here, we're kind of calling out a problem and then we're introducing that solution, which are these everyday pants. Next one. I think these are going to start getting into a little bit more what I would say out of the box ideas, which I love for clothing because clothing is a basic product, but this is where you really want to extend those benefits and really push the realms of belief in your ads and stuff.

So let's just look at this real quick. Spanx booty boost leggings. So these are have a more of a specific function, which is boosting the booty in the sense right there.

So I'm not going to go too much into that, but you get the point there. They're built to, you know, what I would say, enhance the glutes for women and, you know, make them feel a certain way due to that right there. So this right here is where we're kind of calling out a key specific benefit.

Here's another one from a bra brand. So comfy, you might just forget it's on to a few pictures of the bra itself and then just calling out a benefit of it. This is a video we've seen a while back, but a sports bra going, sports bra from Fabletics is going viral if the woman realized it acts like a push up bra.

So we're basically actually introducing kind of like a new mechanism here. It's this new type of bra that's going viral because it acts like a push up bra. And I guess you could say stage four sophistication where it's just making it better.

So we're just, we're taking a sports bra and we're just making it better. We're giving them a benefit that, you know, maybe they don't see right now already with its current sports bra. This one right here, I wouldn't really say it's the greatest creative because it doesn't connect to anything.

So, but I do like the creative itself from like the photo standpoint. This is a good one right here where we're leveraging the opposite sex to sell to men. Same thing.

You can do opposite sex of men selling to women, and then you can do the opposite sex women selling to men. Great example here, using a woman that looks good to basically, you know, use that as like the authority standpoint of, you know, cause an authority in a man's life when it comes down to fashion, a lot of times it's buying for a woman's attention. So if we're using a woman to already validate that decision and act as an authority figure right there, that's really great example right here of using that inside of that creative.

Let's keep going a little bit more. Let's see here. Really good lifestyle creative.

We've seen, we've already kind of hit on that icon Amsterdam lifestyle one. This is another one from built, which really enhances on one shows someone that people want to look like, uh, showing kind of more of like that city lifestyle also while also hitting on, uh, some key features of that particular product itself. You're looking for good.

Here's another season that kind of going over the ski gear aspect where we're just showcasing. Let's see high quality ski gear. The only thing I would really like for this one right here is actually her being the snow and stuff, but I understand it could be a little bit hard to film on that.

This one showing the product in action. Really cool. But yeah.

Oh wait, here we go. You can go over that jeans are dead. Switch these evolution pants.

So basically just kind of calling out a solution they're already using now and just highlighting a better one, which is using these, uh, pants right here. So I thought that was pretty cool right there. Look how bad they made that jeans look and then going into these itself right there.

So, yeah, so these are some really cool creatives for clothing brands. I hope this helps you out with understanding with like, you know, showcasing what people want, you know, through the visual side, uh, other kind of key things I could think about real quick for y'all is, uh, you know, with clothing itself is that one, the design plays a huge impact. Like there's been certain clothing brands, like we've scaled some clothing brands, a million dollars a month, but there's also some clothing brands that we could not move at all because like their designs just didn't have a wide enough pair appeal.

And like, I've had to go be very honest, like, Hey client, like, dude, your, your designs suck. Like we're not working with you because your designs suck. We've had students too.

They're like, Hey bro, like you're literally doing nothing unique to the market here, right here. So like you need to go get better designs for clothing. And that's where I just, I typically see the biggest bottleneck with a lot of fashion brand owners is that, uh, you know, it's kind of hard because some, some fashion brand owners, it's like they're, they're doing this from a perspective of a business.

So they're okay with going find better designs and stuff like that. Then there's other fashion brand owners where like, they're making these designs based off images in their head. And like, literally like some people crush it like that.

Cause they have a really good vision. And then some people just, I mean, just being very honest, they just don't have a good vision and a good approach to fashion. It's like, yeah, they have all the money to make all this, but like their sales or just show the proof, like everything we've done to, to make someone want these pair of pants.

It's just, it's not working like these pants look hideous or they have so many people in the market of the exact same pair of pants that you need to go build a new type of pants, a new mechanism, or go find a totally new demographic that you've never marketed to before. So hopefully that helps you out with your clothing brand. Hopefully you can leverage some of this expertise here, uh, to help you scale and everything like that.

Uh, thank you all so much for watching. Hit the like button and subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.