Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I'm going to do something a little different. So I was doing this like monthly review of a bunch of ads I saved on my phone and that did great, but I don't know. It was just really lacking something.

So I'm going to start changing up this monthly review to where I'm still going to review ads, but I'm going to start focusing on one or two ads per video and really doing an ad breakdown of literally every second of how every little piece is constructed into an ad and what makes it great. It's going to be focused more on the core three reasons of every successful ad and that's create desire or grab attention, create desire and a reason to take action now. So with that being said, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

That being said, let's hop into the video. All right. So we're on my desktop right now.

And I'm just going to let's play the ad first. Let's just play this ad. This is from Rose Skin Co.

I'm not sure if y'all can hear it or not, which is perfectly okay, because it's literally just music. It's nothing fantastic or anything like that, but just showcasing in the ad first. And I'm just focusing on the creative.

That's all we're going to focus on here. We're going to focus on the creative, not focus about copy or anything like that because the creative drives 80% of performance. So let's just really just kind of take it in, take a look at everything that's going on here.

Okay, cool. So the product first is just an IPL. This is a, if you don't know what this is, it's a hair removal handset, um, handset.

That's what they call it in this video. But, um, it's basically just this like literally size of an iPhone. It zaps away hair.

Um, girls in their twenties to forties will typically go to a doc, um, uh, not doctor, but you know, a person that does hair removal, laser hair removal. Um, I don't know what the particular doctor, particular person that does it's called it on their professional name, but anyway, they go it, it's been, it costs a lot of money. Um, so that's one, two, it's painful three, a lot of time to go out, drive on the road, set the appointment up, take off work, all that stuff.

So time, money, and pain is the three biggest reasons why girls do not like to go do it. Now, if only there was a solution for that, and that's what Rose skin coat offers with their portable handset, they can do it at home. They can do it painlessly.

They can do it, you know, they can do it in minutes every night. So they're saving time, they're saving money, and they're escaping pain, which is all some really good emotional motivators. Now, now that you understand that you also need to look at another core pain points as well to why.

So like, obviously that's one angle, but the second angle is why does this even need to happen again? That's because why do girls even need to go like digging further into it? We're digging in girls go do this because one shaving don't like to shave to when things do grow, it just feels nasty.

They don't like, you know, so they keep it shaved. Three, it's the bumps and razor bumps and stuff like that. So you have those particular issues as well.

So this, you know, laser hair removal makes it look a lot better, painless, cost less money, less time, all that good stuff. So now that you understand that pre-frame, the next thing you understand is, okay, so this is going to be used at home. What needs to go in this ad to really create a great ad?

So we need to understand, we need to illustrate a few of the emotional points. So this is going to go more to the problems. Then we're going to offer the solution.

Then we go to the features of that solution. So more of the logical stuff. So again, people buy outcomes, they don't buy features.

So we want to focus on the outcomes first and then go into the features because that's what people justify to make that purchase. So people buy with emotion, justify with logic. You need to understand that.

So now that you understand all of that, let's go back through this ad one more time. Okay. So right there, it's starting off with a question.

Does your skin feel like, and they're showcasing the prickliness, the problems that people are currently experiencing right now. And then they're showing this little like brushy, you know, it's really like, eh, the pineapple and the, you know, kind of like an underpants area. Goodbye stubble.

So like they're poking like the, you know, it's like just to illustrate what that hair feels like to the consumer. So again, this is more into consumer and understanding your consumer very well of what it feels like if you can really illustrate touch, smell, feel, um, visuals, uh, you're, you're the, you know, you're some of your core, um, I cannot even think about it right now, but just like some of your core core stuff, you feel touch, smell, eat stuff like that. Tastes like that's a really great way to bring like more dimension set particular problem.

So right here, they're just really illustrating the problem, you know, illustrating the prickliness, illustrating the fuzziness, illustrating the prickly stuff as well, illustrating the pointing stuff, like all those problems right there. And look, they do it within four seconds. So you have to understand that is that creatives on Facebook go fast and three to four seconds.

We've clearly identified the problem. That's it. We're just bringing awareness to the problem to that particular consumer.

That's watching this video. Now they're engaged. Yes.

My skin feels like that. What's going on. And then what happens next?

Hello to your smoothest skin ever. And then all of a sudden you're like, Whoa, what is that? And they're unboxing it.

They're showcasing it. Hello to a smoothest skin ever. So does your skin feel like all of this stuff?

Okay. Well, hello to your smoothest skin ever. And now they're bringing awareness to the product right now.

Oh, social proof right here. So brought awareness to the problem, identifying the solution. Social proof.

Social proof is one of the most powerful psychological factors. Even though they could have wrote this themselves, it's positioning the product in a certain specific market. And it's a way, it's kind of like a social, it's a way of social proof of positioning.

The number one at home IPL laser hair removal. Okay. Now what are they doing?

They're showcasing the product. They're showcasing the solution. Identify the solution.

Now they're showcasing it and all the cool stuff it does. But look at this, look at this. This is where you really need to understand consumers and what they do in a day-to-day lives.

Okay. Where are they going to use this product? Who's going to use this product?

What are they, what's the product? You know, what are they going to wear? Like this is illustrating the fact that people or girls can do this at home in their bathroom easily.

So they're putting a girl in her, not underwear, but like, you know, nighttime garments. And they're showcasing a girl that looks exactly like the girls that we buy in this. They're twenties to thirties or twenties to forties, somewhere in that demographic.

And then we make hair removal easy. So a problem, a current problem this demographic faces is the hair removal, whether it's getting shaved or whether it's going to an appointment, it's all just hard. Whereas this is easy.

Now let's start to talk a little bit about the features of it. So like glide mode right here. You can use it anywhere.

So again, and look, we just flipping through these different models and stuff. And look how fast this is moving. There's a rule of thumb for movies and TV shows that every 10 seconds, something has to happen.

So if you literally like, like the opening beginning for a show, start counting to 10, one, two, three. And as soon as that camera flips to a different scene, different angle or something like that, something comes on a screen, count to 10 again, you'll never make it past 10. There's always going to be something new on the screen with ads.

You have to do that literally by half, even maybe further than by a fourth. So every two to three seconds, you have to start flipping the screen and showcasing new stuff. This is something that I'm really starting to drill in my agency to really start to bring more life to the ads.

It's grabbing our attention. It's keeping us focused. And guess what?

13 seconds in and had like 10 minutes of discussion on this one particular creative so far. That's because every second of an ad is planned, everything. So now it's really showcasing the features of it.

So easy hair removal, and then it's showcasing the next thing. You can use it anywhere. So objections and questions they probably received in the past is where can I use it?

Is it just my legs? Is it safe for my face? You can use it anywhere.

It's addressing some of those objections now. Showcasing the product being used. Even further objections that's possibly going on.

Now, again, going to those features of finding the perfect strength for your comfort. So we grab their attention. Now we're creating desire for the product.

And now we're kind of going more into like the features and stuff of that particular product. So it always starts off with a problem, identifying the solution, explaining that solution. And then what's going to happen is, is you want to make sure that you're really focusing on those desires and problems you've had and addressing them with your problems and solutions and stuff.

Perfect strength for your comfort. Okay. Now let's go through it again.

Okay. For smoother skin. So now we're addressing their ideal situation.

This is a situation that your customer wants to be. They want smooth skin. They want sexier skin.

They want hair-free skin. That's the things they want as their current desires right now. So here's how we were able to bridge.

Look how we were able to identify their current situation. And then now we're bridging to their ideal situation. And how we got there is by offering this solution, this particular product.

Now look at this. Awesome. Really great way to include a really compelling offer, which is results in three weeks or your money back.

So this is another way to create an offer without offering a monetary value offer, including any bonuses and stuff. It's just a really strong like guarantee. And many people are scared to offer this.

So when it does be offered, it works super well because these people are willing to take the risk and offer that. Cool. And I love this.

So another just results in just three weeks. Are you running back final in credit, showing the girl on the bed again, just a lot of different girls using it. That's it.

That's all that this was. And then lastly, just a last product shot. These always work really well.

Just this last little product shot right here. Never laser again, never shave again. You know, knows never wax again, never laser.

So yeah, just absolutely amazing ad. This really hits everything and I love it. So just one more last time grabbing attention by identifying the problem people are currently having, identifying the solution, going over the features of that solution and all the cool stuff about it.

And then really digging into just, you know, objection handling right here. And then lastly, just going into, you know, here, grab it now results in three weeks or less or your money back. So really, really, really powerful ad.

I love it. And look how, like I said, just every second of the video, one, two, three, four, five, six, like literally every second, the video, like probably, it's like probably like one and a half seconds. That's a new scene pops up.

With creatives, you have to be fast, but your creatives, if you, it takes five, like if they were on this scene for five seconds, like they were on it for a second and a half, they were on it for five seconds. Look where they would have been at. That's way too long.

So just quickly going through and identifying boom, boom, boom, boom. And that's all it takes for us to really set a product in someone's mind and illustrated how that product helps them. But overall really powerful ad.

I really would love to find, figure out like your guys feedback and stuff of what y'all think about me kind of reviewing an ad like this and taking more time into it. We're constantly reviewing ads and understanding how we can apply that to our current creatives right now and what we're doing wrong. So, you know, it's really important as an advertiser, constantly identify ads, figure out kind of like you kind of start structuring the framework in your mind of like how it works with like identifying someone's current situation, all the problems they're experiencing, offering a solution and bridging it to that ideal situation people want to be at.

So it's really important. So yeah, really hope y'all enjoyed this video. Let me know if you want to do more of these.

This is going to kind of replace that monthly ad review. I'm just flipping through a bunch of photos. This will be more of like actually digging into a creative and understanding the current, you know, kind of thought process by putting that creative together.

Because if you understand this, you're able to put together some really powerful ads. It's really going to compel, really propel your results in your ad account. Well, guys, I really hope you enjoyed this video.

Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you are an e-com business owner making at least 25K a month and want to work with an agency that's performance driven, whether it's creative or media buying, then make sure you click the link below to book call me and my team. We help brands scale to multiple six and seven figures.

We provide content creation ability and media buying ability to where we can really take care of your whole kind of a digital marketing strategy. So we'll hop on the call. We'll talk a little bit about it.

We'll give you direction whether you need to go, whether you work with us or not. And it'll give you an action plan to put together. Now, if you're making less than 25K a month, don't worry, click the link below and sign up for Elegant Ecom VIP list, which will be my course I'll be releasing.

That's going to go break through a lot of how we do things in our agency and more on the performance side. I'm not teaching anyone how to scale a marketing agency. There's a ton of people that do that, just more on the performance side of how to actually get results with marketing.

So that all being said, it's time for today. So thank you all so much for watching this video. My name is Nick Theriot, and I'll be back next week with some fire content.

So hope you guys have a great rest of your day. Talk soon.