Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we'll be discussing how much you should be spending at each stage of your funnel for Facebook ads, you know, your tofu, your mofu, and your bofu. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Let's jump into it guys. So I've gotten this question a lot and I've answered it a lot in the comments, but I've never actually made an official video on this and that's how much should you be should? Oh yeah.

How much should you be spending at each stage of your Facebook ads funnel? So a lot of people are probably still running just cold audience ads, but unlike a lot of people, we're running multiple different funnels inside of our ad account. We have our tofu, which is our top of funnel campaign.

We have our mofu, which is our middle of funnel campaign. And then we have our bofu, which is our bottom of funnel campaign. And then we even have PPS, which is your past purchases campaign.

So these are like four campaigns that are standard across all of our ad accounts. Now, the big question is how much should you be spending at each one of these stages? Because some of you guys also do have all this set up properly in your ad account and that's really great job.

You know, applaud you for that. So first off, your tofu, your cold audience ads. This is new people we're introducing to the brand.

We want to be spending 70% of our daily budget at this particular stage. Now, a portion of this can be testing as well. And a portion of this can be scaling because we do creative testing and audience testing campaigns for tofu.

And we have our main scaling campaign. So out of that 70%, maybe 50% could be for scaling and 10% on audience testing and 10% on creative testing. Now, I never really break it up.

I just look at it. Hey, we're spending 70% on tofu. That's all I care about.

Now, again, tofu is cold audience ads. We're introducing new people to the brand, having some creative syndrome in there. That's probably really just grabbing people's attention.

You know, really kind of fitting them in like, hey, this is what this, our brand does. This is what we do. You know, here's the problem we solve.

You know, you kind of your typical direct response ads right there. So, and it's important to keep a healthy amount of tofu coming in. Or what happens is you will go ahead and burn up your mofu, bofu and your PPS.

So again, to recap your cold audience ads, your tofu ads, top of funnel, whatever you call it, you will be spending 70% of your daily budget. So if you're spending a hundred bucks a day, that is $70. You're spending a thousand dollars a day.

That's $700. If you're spending $10,000, that is $7,000. And I've spent up to $20,000 a day for one ad account.

And we're spending what, like $14,000 per day on our tofu ads. So again, 70% of your daily budget. And this will also carry over to TikTok, Snapchat, and your other paid advertising platforms.

Now, the next group of people is our mofu, middle of funnel. These people, we want to spend 15% of our daily budget on this group of people. Now, what are these people?

The middle of funnel. So I like to incorporate engagement. So people who like comments, save ads, like comment, your Instagram posts, Facebook posts, et cetera.

Then I also like to incorporate people that's watched 75% or 50% more of all my ads. So if you watch 50% of a tofu video, you're going to put in the mofu. You watch 75% of a tofu video, you're going to put in the mofu.

And then I also like to incorporate website visitors. So these people that kind of quickly come to the website, exit off. Now, what's key about these people?

These people are aware of our brand. They're aware of what we provide. They're just not sure yet if we're the best solution to their problem or what they're looking for right now.

So we want to convey people in this particular campaign with content that's like testimonials about our brand, you know, all of our awards we won, a little bit about from the CEO, about video, about the CEOs, about the owners. We want to basically build trust with these people and also show them how awesome our product is and how it is the best fit. So demonstration videos, three reasons why.

So this is a really popular ad I've been doing a lot. Just three reasons why you should purchase from us. Reason one, reason two, reason three, boom.

Testimonials is probably the easiest one to put at this stage and have really good success with. A lot of testimonials, customer success stories, UGC, so reaction videos, unboxing videos, all that good stuff. You want to put in mofu, middle of funnel.

And at this stage, we want to be spending 15% of our daily budget. So if we're spending a hundred bucks a day, that is $15 per day. If we're spending a thousand dollars a day, that's $150 per day.

If we're spending $10,000 per day, that's $1,150 per day, or maybe $1,500 per day, I think actually. So that's how much we'll be spending at middle of funnel, mofu, MOF, whatever you particularly call this. But this is probably also one of like my favorite stages because it just kind of helps out with showing people how awesome our brand is.

So again, middle of funnel equals 15% of our daily budget. Again, you can carry this over to Snapchat, TikTok, Google AdWords, YouTube, et cetera. This also applies to these other channels on top of just Facebook ads.

Now, the next one is our bottom of funnel. BOF, BOF, whatever you particularly call it, we spend 10% of our daily budget on this particular campaign. Now on this campaign, we want to make sure we're targeting people who add to cart and initiate checkout.

So these are people that going through everything. They're very aware of our products, et cetera. And the only thing that's stopping them from purchasing is their price sensitive.

So this is when we run more offers, different variations of offers to this particular audience. Because again, these people are just price sensitive. They're about to purchase, but for whatever reason, something about the price is throwing them off.

We just need to run some discount codes for them to make them purchase. Now, again, we want to spend 10% of our daily budget on this particular audience right here. So some of the ads we like to run is discount codes, urgency, like, hey, our 20% off sales ending very soon.

You know, you need a herping purchase today. Hey, you left this in your cart. Just reminder, come get it.

Just those particular ads right there. And it's very forward and very salesy and like, hey, come freaking purchase. And again, we spend 10% of our daily budget on this right here.

And again, this is Bofu, Bof, Bama Funnel, however, particularly you like to look at it. And again, this applies to TikTok, Snapchat, you know, Google, et cetera. Now, the last one is PPS, past purchases campaign.

We want to spend 5% of our daily budget on this particular campaign. So if we're spending a hundred bucks a day, this is $5 per day, very small. And this particular campaign, our objective is to get existing customers to purchase again.

So this is showing them new products, new promos we're running, just anything new, maybe upsells. Maybe it's a product that they purchase once, but every 30 days they need to purchase again. So like, Ghost does this a lot, purchase a lot of pre-workout products from them.

Ghost always sends me like a, you know, I guess they're targeting probably like a 30 day to 180 day purchase audience. And it's just like, hey, come back, purchase again, you know, come re-up, et cetera. They run new product drops to me.

They do a lot of, you know, sales and stuff like that as well to get existing customers to come purchase again. So we want to spend 5% of our daily budget for this particular platform. People that already purchased from you love you and everything, but we just want to display different products from them, upsells, downsells, other things they might be interested in to really maximize our efficiency with this particular audience right here.

And again, that's 5% of your daily budget. It's five bucks out of a hundred. That's 50 bucks out of a thousand.

So it's not a very, you know, heavy audience. It's very light, but yeah, really great audience as well. We find a lot of heavy harass right here.

Now, my last little tidbit for this video is I want to discuss scaling up a retargeting campaign. So we, we had three retargeting campaigns we discussed in this video and I get a lot of questions. Hey, my Bofu is doing really well.

Can I scale it up? And here's the problem. If you scale up your retargeting audiences without scaling up your tofu audiences, you're going to kill your ROAS.

And I see this all the time. People get a 6X, 10X ROAS on the retargeting and they start scaling up. It's like spending 20 bucks a day.

They jumped up to 50 bucks a day. And I'm just like, why would you do that? Because their tofu, they're having even touched it.

They're spending as much as they're spending on their tofu as they're spending on their MoFu, Bofu and their PPS campaigns. And what's happening is they're not introducing enough new people in their brand. And what's good.

What happens is over time, maybe 30 days, you start to kill your account because you run out of people and you're retargeting campaigns. So as much as you want to scale your retargeting campaigns, you have to scale your tofu campaigns in order to make sure that you're scaling your bottom funnel, middle funnel, your PPS campaigns efficiently. Now I have one golden rule for retargeting campaigns.

And if I want to scale them, first off, I like the last seven days. If I'm shooting for a 3X ROAS overall, I want to see a 5 to 6X to 8X ROAS on either Bofu, MoFu or PPS. I want to see that across all of them.

If I'm seeing a 2X ROAS on middle funnel, I am not going to be scaling that campaign. Now, Bofu, same thing. PPS, same thing.

So what I want to do is, is I want to make sure that the ROAS is very, very, very healthy on those particular campaigns before I do any type of scaling on those campaigns. Second thing I like to look at yesterday. So drop, do a little drop down yesterday.

Look at the frequencies, the frequency below two. If it is, then cool. You can increase the daily budget by 20% as long as you're ROAS over the last seven days is hitting some very high KPIs.

Now, if your ROAS is above a two, I actually recommend scaling it down even if your ROAS is doing really good. Because what's going to happen is actually going to improve ROAS because your frequency, you're hitting too many people, you're overspending on these group of people. And what's going to happen is, is over time, they're going to get aggravated with your ads and your retargeting campaigns are going to drop down.

So if your frequency yesterday is above two on your retargeting campaigns, drop them by 20%. If it's under two and your ROAS over the last seven days is really good, increase it by 20%. So very simple rules.

I've been following them for a while and they help a lot with my retargeting campaigns. It's done me very good over the last year and a half. We spent a lot of money on retargeting campaigns.

And like I said, we always try to shoot for about three to four X mofu. And our bofu, we try to shoot for about a six X to eight X and PPS. I mean, we want to see anywhere from a five to 10 extra on that particular campaign right there.

And our tofu, we accept a lower ROAS on tofu. So we accept either just above break-even or just a little bit higher than break-even on our tofu campaigns. And then we let our remake up our ROAS overall account wide at PPS, mofu, and bofu.

So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you're a Shopify business owner, you're doing 25 to 50 KM, a month and revenue, and you're trying to hit a hundred K a month. And for whatever reason, you just felt like you cannot get there, click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll hop on a call together. We'll create a strategy plan for you to help you hit that hundred K a month. And then at the end of the call, you'll have the option to either take that plan and run with it, do it yourself, or you'll have the option to work with me and my team.

Now, if you're making less than 25 KM up, don't worry, don't go anywhere. I will be releasing my first course very soon, which is going to show you everything you need inside the ads manager to succeed with e-com and Facebook ads. And the first 50 people that purchase this course, we'll get it for 500 USD.

Whereas the next 50 people, people that purchase outside of the first 50 people will get it at a thousand dollars. So if you want that good rate of $500 for the first 50 people, make sure you click the link below and sign up for the VIP page. Literally just enter your email, your name, and then you'll have first priority access to the course when I do launch it.

So make sure you stick around and click the link below and get that. I highly recommend this for anyone doing zero to 25 K a month. It's the exact strategies and stuff like that we've used and implemented to help brands go to six and seven figures and help them scale up profitably.

So thank you guys again, so much for watching this video. I really appreciate you guys. Again, this is these, these past two videos and this video is a little rough filming.

So I'm just getting over COVID. I'm still like low energy energy and, you know, kind of all over the place a little bit still. Um, but I am getting back into it and everything.

And I really appreciate all of the love and support you guys have been showing on my videos. It means the world to me. You know, I love what I do.

I love creating these videos for you guys and showing you guys exactly how to do what I do. Um, and help you guys make some money with your stores and stuff. And, you know, just, you know, putting more money back into the market and everything like that.

So thank you guys so much again for all the love and support and I'll talk to you guys later. Y'all have a great day. Thank you for watching.

Peace.