If you want to scale Facebook ads in 2025, you need a solid creative strategy. And in today's video, I'll be breaking down my current creative strategy that I recommend for people if they want to scale Facebook ads fast. So welcome to the creative strategy masterclass.

First thing I'm going to go over to is just what is creative strategy? Because I've had this question hundreds of times. What is creative strategy?

What's the difference between what you do, Nick? Yada, yada, yada. So let's just answer this question.

So first off, creatives are just simply the ads you see on social media, the videos, the photos you see on social media that are sponsored, those ads right there, or creatives. Now, strategy is just simply a process you follow to create a result. You do step one, step two, step three, you're done.

You got your results. That's the strategy you follow. Now, creative strategy is just simply the process you follow to create creatives.

And there's really no wrong answers to this. Everyone will have a different creative strategy. So I'm going to give you guys kind of my secret sauce of what I recommend and what I do.

So I break my creative strategy down into three different key areas, replications, ideations, and then variations, iterations. So we'll start off with replications first. This is like beginner level.

This is where I recommend everyone starting because it's going to allow you to see a ton of creatives and it's going to allow you to basically go ahead and build an eye for creative. Now, what I do for replications is I simply just look at competitors that are running the same products as me or indirect competitors solving the same problem as me. And I'm just simply recreating what they're doing with my own twist.

So for example, if we're selling a iPhone case and we're claiming it's the world's strongest iPhone case and all the competitors are dropping it from like this little table I'm sitting at right now, and they're dropping their phone on the floor and showing it works and how the phone is still perfectly fine with this iPhone case. I want to go and just recreate that exact same ad, but I want to take it one step further. I want to exaggerate it one step further.

So what I can do is I can go ahead and find a hundred foot building, maybe a huge parking tower and literally drop that iPhone case with the iPhone in it off that parking tower falls, hits the ground and pick it up and shows it's still working. That ad right there would do substantially better than just a little four or five foot drop because I'm exaggerating the claim as much as possible for world's strongest iPhone case. And I'm also providing proof around that.

Maybe we're selling underwear and we're going after runners with some specific claim of like the underwear, perfect for runners and all the competitors are pushing runners, but I have no better product or anything like that. So then I just simply go ahead and change the audience from runners to a different profession, like say, for example, nurses, say, for example, pilots, I just simply change different profession or a different activity. Everyone's going to have the runners.

Maybe I'll swap that and go after people who do boxing or martial arts. Now, the last example, I actually got this example when I was helping Icon Amsterdam scale from 300K a month to over $2 million a month over the course of two years between 2021 to 2024 four of January, where we literally just did one thing. And that was, we're going to sell the same product as everyone else, but we're just going to create substantially better content in terms of investing into higher level creators and creators that everyone is scared to spend on.

So everyone was spending $100, $200 a video. We're spending $1,000 to $2,000 a video and working with elite level creators to immediately create us as a perception, as a luxury brand by only working with these high level creators, significantly more expensive, significantly more risky. But guess what?

We were able to just replicate everyone else's videos with just higher level people and immediately push this to the top and allow us to scale a lot faster. Now, just to show you all examples of this really quick, let's just say, for example, I'm selling these pants right here. And I would literally, this is a competitor for hours and we want to recreate this particular ad from a replication perspective.

I could go and I could exaggerate this further. All these other brands are working with just like generic golfers. I could go and sign a deal with a famous golfer to endorse this product and use a famous golfer in every single one of our ad images would crush.

Next thing is, instead of this golf course we're at right now, which is like kind of like a no name, random golf course, I could maybe take like a PNG photo of these pants and stuff. And I could put this golfer on like a famous golf course, like Pebble Beach, for example. Or last one is instead of going after golfers, I can change the person we're going after.

For example, like maybe pilots. Those are other types of people that wear similar pants to these. So notice how I can just literally look at competitors ads and just do one thing differently with my own twist.

And I can just recreate what they're currently doing now. Just as long as I do my own twist, it's not directly just copying. Now, last thing is where you look at completely different industries.

I know for me, some of my YouTube videos, I like to look at like Mr. Beast, for example, and I just simply recreate Mr. Beast's videos, but for my YouTube channel.

So for example, if you guys have seen the $100 versus $100,000 Facebook ad or $100 versus $100,000 e-com store, I literally just found that idea from Mr. Beast. And I just simply recreated that for my channel.

Easy way to do this is just simply go scroll on social media. So for example, I found this particular ad right here, scrolling through social media, I was ready to give up my business until but then this happened. And then I can go and just simply write that hook down.

I was ready to give my business. But then this happened. Template, I was ready to give up on x thing.

But then this happened. I can replicate it. I've already give up on Facebook ads.

But then this happened. And I'll do that for the rest of that particular script right there. Now we're going to move over to ideation.

So replications. Now let's focus on ideation. Now ideation, we're just simply removing the training wheels off the bike with ideation.

So this involves doing your own research, decide on a positioning, write a hook, write the rest of the ad, create the visuals, and then launch. So the research is where we're just looking at Reddit, TikTok, YouTube to further understand the customer. And what I'm doing here is crafting a desire I want to go after, a persona I want to go after, a market awareness I want to go after, a market sophistication I want to use.

And then I'm simply just going ahead and writing a hook for that particular positioning. How to scale Facebook ads from 100k to $1 million a month with the angle stacking method. And then here, I'll simply just decide whether I want to do a video or I want to do a photo before I write the rest of the ad.

Now, ultimately to answer this question, I just simply need to ask myself, what do I need to communicate to someone? And what is the best way to do so in the most effective way? So for example, if I'm literally just doing an aware ad saying 50% off Memorial Day sale, I just do that through a photo.

It's so easy. I don't need to do a complex video around that. Now, if I need to take someone from unaware to aware, I may need to run in a minute to two minute long video going through those mental loops within the five stages market awareness.

Lastly, I also want to pick the thing that creates the most belief in my consumer. So for example, if I'm doing the world's strongest iPhone case, a picture with the word word strongest iPhone case versus me dropping it off a hundred foot building saying the world's strongest iPhone case, which one's going to create more believability to the consumer? Then I'll simply go ahead and create that hook.

I'll write the rest of the script. If it's a video, I'll just simply take that hook and do a photo if it's a photo ad. And then I'm just visually articulating that message through that video or through that photo.

And then here I am going to launch. And then this is where we start moving over to variations and iterations. So you have ideation, replication, and the last one just can be variations and iterations.

This is when we're already tested ads. And now we're just simply going ahead and recreating things that's already worked for us. So here's an example where we had two different ideations of two totally new messages being tested.

And then we found this one particular winning message right here. And then now we did iterations first. Iteration is where you just change one thing.

So what we did was, is instead of using like this photo of like a girl, we did two more photos of girls, but just two complete different, like, you know, angles, environment, location, different types of girls, all those good things. But we kept the messaging exactly the same. Now variations is where we keep the messaging the same, but we're changing a lot.

So we did two complete different creative concepts here. One with this like airdrop concept, that's kind of gimmicky. And the same thing for this notes one right here, where we just did two whole new types of concepts.

So we changed a lot. It wasn't just one variable. It was a lot of different things we changed here.

And these are variations right here. So iteration, one thing, variations, you're changing multiple things to where it's still kind of the same core thing, but there's a lot of new things to where it's just simply a variation now. Now, last words for creative strategy, just last key things I want to leave you guys with.

Number one, being open to testing new types of creatives that you wouldn't have tested in the past. I know for me, this is a big one. There's some brand owners that come to us and are like, Nick videos do not work for us.

Do not test videos at all. And then we'll go and look at all the videos they tested and they were completely horrendous. And then we'll go test videos is the first thing we do and it'll crush and dominate the account.

And we'll do the same thing with photos. If they're like, Hey, Nick photos do not work for us. Same thing too, with like even types of videos.

So maybe you're highly against UGC and you've only ever tested like more like third person B roll voiceover type things. You want to be open to testing new types of creatives you've never tested before. Cause that's also some quick wins we found in a lot of accounts.

Next thing is we want to increase the creative investment on winning messaging. So for example, I'm not going to go draw $50,000 on a high produced video on a new idea I have that hasn't been proven already. Whereas if I know for a fact, if I say how to scale Facebook ads, it just naturally crushes on my YouTube channel.

Then guess what? I will go drop a more bigger investment into that particular messaging right there in terms of what I'm going to do visually and creatively, because I know it's been historically proven to work for my brand. So in the beginning, when I'm doing a quick little test, I'm going to leverage stuff like creative OS and arcades to do quick intermediate level tests.

Once I have proven winning messaging, then I'm going to spend more on higher level creators, larger influencers, and all those big things right there. Lastly, you want to diversify your messaging. There was plenty of times before where we just kept using the same messaging over and over and over for months and not test new ideas.

And that messaging will burn out. It won't yield any new winners and you'll just see things fall down. So if you're iterating and variating off of some new messaging, you just found and it's not creating any new winning ads after three to four attempts, it's time to move on to new messaging.

Don't be the person that, Hey, I found one winning ad tested a hundred ads against it. Never found a new winning ad. And I just keep doing that same thing.

Cause that's just going to kill your accounts. Now, if you want a longer version of this training, I did an almost 90 minute long training with my inner circle students on this whole doc. I even gave them 12 ads that are currently working for us right now.

I literally sent them the ads URL to my client accounts to where they can check out those ads. So if you want to access the longer version of this training, just simply click link below and join Nick's inner circle. This is basically a small group of people where I do one-on-one calls with the students.

Yes, me. I do group calls to the students. I do a one-on-one hour group chat with the students and also give them a course.

So it has all of our previous weekly call recordings inside. So if it's something that interests you, click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. And if you want none of that, and you simply want me to step inside of your ad account and run everything for you, then click link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads.

That being said, hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio.

Hope you guys have a great rest of your day. Peace out.