I've had a lot of people ask me, what's the best Facebook image ad or video ad size to use? And today's video is gonna kind of go into that. To use nine by 16s, one by ones, four by fives.

Well, today I'll be kind of giving you what I've been doing and whether or not you wanna follow, that's completely up to you. So here's an example right here. This is what I like to do.

It's called a nine by 16. And then all I do is put a one by one safe zone. What does that mean?

That means that this full creative will be filled up as a nine by 16. But all the important stuff goes in this one by one safe zone box. And just to show y'all really quick, an actual creative done so that way you understand, here's a great example right here.

So here we have a full nine by 16, but you can notice the one by one spacing that's kind of implied here in this particular creative. Now, the cool thing about this is that we can appear on reels, we can appear on stories, and we can appear on a newsfeed. And guess what?

We're gonna be okay. We're not gonna have to worry about weird cropping issues. I don't have to worry about making one by ones and nine by 16s.

Like I can literally, everything will be here. And same thing with video as well. Video is applied exactly the same way.

I just, video is just not needed for this particular example right here. But yeah, that's all we do. It's relatively simple.

What I would say, answer for this. And it's probably gonna be like literally one of my shortest YouTube videos ever. But yeah.

So hopefully this answers everyone's question around this. And again, this will be for, you know, perfect Facebook video and photo image size to use. And another like, I guess you could say key factor here is that like you wanna still kind of film the nine by 16.

You just wanna kind of keep that in mind when you're filming that the important stuff needs to happen at one by one safe zone. Also too, another thing is maybe if you don't wanna do this, then the other key factor I'd be looking at is do you even need to focus on nine by 16s? So if we're working with a brand that has like little to no spin on nine by 16s, I'm just not gonna worry about it.

I can care less if it has a bad placement issue right there. Whereas some brands, like 50% of our spin will go to like reels and stories. And we need to focus on those nine by 16s right there.

But yeah, so key factor here, you have a full nine by 16 video ad or photo ad. And then all you do is just have that one by one safe zone pretty much right in the middle. This one's a little higher, but the one we use for this one right here is right in the middle.

And you know, we were solid. Like this looked phenomenal. That's it.

That's the perfect Facebook video size or image size to use when you're running Facebook ads. So that way it shows up perfect in all placements and you don't have to worry about uploading one by ones or nine by 16s. It's just boom, here you go.

Hopefully that helps you out. If you enjoyed this video, one of my shortest YouTube videos ever, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And with that being said, have a great rest of your day.

Peace out.