Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be talking about why your Facebook ads will not work without this one simple thing. This is probably the main thing that I'll audit hundreds of brands and find between everyone that's running Facebook ads, spending money advertising. And it's like this one common thing that people are not doing and it's showing in their results.

So yeah, we're about to dive into it. A lot to explain. This will be more of a video to kind of sit back, relax, nothing really crazy visually to show you guys today, but just more sit back, relax, put this on our tab or something like that.

Listen to this in the background. A lot of cool things we talked about today and be more of a strategic standpoint for a tactical standpoint versus like more of something like in the trenches. So before we get started, make sure that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into the video. Okay guys, so this one thing, if you do not get it correct, regardless of what you do, Facebook ads will not work for you. And this is something that we're starting to see even with the brands we've been advertising for a while.

We're starting to start to see this now starts to come up and it's something that we're starting to address. Now, this one thing right here is your product. Your product, if you go down the totem pole of things that work in terms of like, if this doesn't, if you don't have this, you won't get this.

So like if you don't have good creatives, good click through rate and stuff, you will not get a great ROAS. Well, if you don't have a good product, you will not get a good click through rate or good creative. You won't get a good ROAS.

You won't get good sales. You won't be able to scale. So a lot of people, you know, they're so focused on just trying to make money and they really lose that sight that they're selling a tangible product that solves a problem for someone, changes someone's life, provides major value to someone.

And without that, it becomes very difficult to do everything else. And this is why we're very critical on the people that apply to work for agency. This is why we don't even let people below 25K a month to even apply for, to work for agency.

Cause we want to make sure they're doing some level of sales volume. And they're at that point where they just need to delegate that task versus need a life support. Because usually what happens when you're on life support, you don't get off and your business just dies.

It's not fun. So what we do is we like to really look at these products and stuff that people have when they're coming on board. We like to really look at the market fit.

Is this something people actually want? And I like that stuff. And to not take this the wrong way in the wrong direction, your product dictates 80% of your success in the marketplace.

So I always talk about 80, 20 rule. Your product dictates 80% of your success with your brand. And a lot of people there, especially in the early stages, infancy stages of, of e-com, they usually go to do some drop shipping, then they'll private label a product and then scale that product as you know, more, they invest more into it.

And they're so focused on that key point of, Oh, I just want to find a winning product. I just want to find a winning product. They find a winning product and they scale it that they lose of the idea and the facts that they're actually selling a real product to people that changing people's lives.

And then what happens is, is as that product starts to grow, more and more people enter the space selling the same product. And then you have five people, 10 people scaling all the same product. And then guess what?

Your performance starts to drop. People are starting to see better deals, better perceived value across the other brands. And they're stopped coming to you, which equates to lower robots and stuff.

And there's something that even working with our clients for a longer period of time that we fell to really keep this brought up, to keep looking at it, looking at the competition and stuff. Because if not, then what happens is, if you keep advertising the same product and not doing any improvements to it or any upgrades to it over like a few years, people fall off. That's why Apple releases a new iPhone literally every year, because if they keep releasing a new iPhone and those little new updates and stuff, they get obviously more people to purchase product over and over and over, which increases retention, but they're constantly staying up to date with their product.

So bringing it back, I really challenge you guys to ask yourself, why do people purchase my product? Have that hard conversation with yourself. And don't put a bullshit answer as in it's the best price.

Don't put a bullshit answer because it's great quality. Dig deep. And the digging deep is what equates you multiple hundreds of millions of dollars and longer term future success with your business.

So let me rephrase that. Dig your deep into why people purchase your product. Then why do people purchase your product over the competition?

You know, if let's just say, for example, you're an e-com agency and, or let's just say, for example, you know, you have a cup, really great cup, and then you have this nice shaker bottle. And then you're trying to sell this cup to mix protein powder in it. And then someone comes to market with this and it's like so much easier just to shake it up.

Boom. You're good to go. That's it.

It solves a major problem, but you're still trying to get people to use a cup to sell, you know, to mix their protein in. And like, it's, it's highly inefficient. So where does your product provide value at in the marketplace?

Why do people purchase over you over the competition and how big of a problem does your product solve and how big of a group of people that are in that specific niche that has that problem? So, you know, we've worked with a lot of wide range of people. I mean, we've worked with, um, brands that sell for instance, for example, how to get better at golf, um, as an app, we've worked with brands that, you know, one is like a, I can't really go too deep into it just to NDAs and stuff, but, uh, they do this mushroom stuff that gets your coffee that like cuts out jitters and cuts out crashes and like fatigue and stuff.

So like it's solves a major problem for people who love coffee. So like there's lots of big problems out there, small, too big niches and stuff, but a lot of people just do not know their product. And that's the biggest problem.

If you're trying to scale without a great product, it was not going to be creative. It's not going to be ABO or CBO or 20% daily, 20% less daily. It's not going to be none of that.

It's going to come down to your product and the value you're bringing to people online, the value you're bringing into the real world, because that is what people purchase. They don't purchase. Oh, he has a cool creative.

This person doesn't at the end of the day, they're looking at your product. They're comparing it to five other products in your space. And why should they choose you?

And that is something right there. That's a lot of people that I talked to just quite don't have it yet understood. You know, that you're still thinking from a marketing perspective that it's just, Hey, find a product.

And it's been all my time looking at ads, looking at CBO, ABO, this blah, blah, blah. When none of that matters, if you have a crappy product and that's the reality, it's the hard truth that we see. And it's something that as an econ business owner, you need to stay up to date with trends in your markets.

You need to stay up to date that, Hey, your competitor just launched your exact product, but in five colors. How well does that do? Oh, wow.

Tons of people are buying his, everyone's showing off. They're loving it's really great feedback. Okay.

Hey, we might need to launch a few different colors. What's some of our favorite colors from our customers that would love to see this product. No one else in the industry is offering a warranty on their product.

And then all of a sudden, you know, Joe Blow right there just offered a warranty and he's crushing it because there's high skepticism around our product already. And he just made it a hell lot easier to purchase a product. That person offers free two-day shipping that person right there also includes a free, you know, like for example, I just purchased iBuy Direct.

It's got some new glasses in, um, and it came in this free carrying case with, um, uh, you know, lint thing, a static thing. That was really cool. I didn't need this, but it was something really cool to add to the value to the product.

So, you know, look at your competition, looking at how their product is evolving and trying to stay either number one, leading, look at Gymshark. Gymshark has been leading the fitness industry for the last two, three years. Um, longer than that, nearly, you know, five, six years now, they're constantly leading and stepping and paving the future.

Or you can be the second or third guy. That's the first person to imitate what the main guy is doing. At least be the second or third guy.

If you can't be the first guy in your niche, I think second and third guy is actually probably one of the better ways for majority of you guys to be at just because the first guys takes on a ton more risk of investing tons of capital and testing these ideas and stuff. Whereas you can quickly figure out what's working. If you're number two or three and deploying that as quick as possible to leverage and scale and improve your brand.

Great example, Manscaped. Manscaped is on their fourth pair of trimmers that, you know, the lawnmower 4.0. They've sold people on the 1.0, the 2.0, the 3.0, 4.0.

And guess what? There's going to be a 5.0 next year. They're constantly innovating their product and constantly improving their product.

So if you are a business owner, and this is why people work with advertising agencies, they delegate these tasks off a lot of econ business owners. I'm talking to, they're spending all their day in the ads manager refresh. Oh, ABR CBO.

And don't get me wrong. Those are great questions. But if you're not getting the results you want and you're not, your product doesn't really have a big problem it solves.

And it's not really not necessarily revolutionary, but it's, it's very behind in the market in terms of the product that the market cycle, then none of that's really going to matter. If your product doesn't really create that wow into your customers. And if it doesn't create that, regardless of your creative, regardless of the structure you use in your ad account, regardless of 20% daily or duplicating campaign, higher budgets, none of that will work.

It comes down to the core components of your product. Then it comes down to actually the messaging you spread around your product. I talked to a brand today has this absolute amazing stuff going on with their brand in terms of like revolutionizing their space.

And they have tons of great customers and feedback and stuff. But like they literally had like, they weren't even mentioning what all the cut on their product page, what all their customers were raving about. They weren't educating people on it.

And it's literally goldmine for them because now they start getting that out there more. It's going to build more people and show their difference their product compared to all the other products of that same niche. How much better there is this, how much better it's improved.

It's literally what iPhone does every year. Hey, we're coming out this phone. I know we heard y'all hate how long the battery life sucked on the last one.

So guess what? This one's going to last two hours longer. Hey, we heard how much y'all hated the camera last year.

So we come out with a better one. Hey, we know how much y'all hate the camera on Android. So guess what?

We have way better of a camera because we know y'all love taking pictures and stuff. So constantly improving up and like improve and, you know, revolutionize your product as much as you can stay at the forefront because basically what happens is competition, 80% of your, like the market is owned by one specific person. And then the other 20%, it's all kinds of other people just fighting for the same little market share.

So what you want to do is keep improving your product. Ask yourself those hard questions. Why do people purchase my product?

Why would people purchase my product over all the competition and be very blunt, be very hard. Don't give yourself some soft answers to make you feel like you're, you're doing a great job. You need to be direct with yourself.

You need to be like a robot, lay it out step-by-step on the table. Hey, they're purchasing because their product does this, you know, their product lasts three hours longer than our product. Their product has a better camera on their phone than mine.

Then you need to take action. Talk to your manufacturer, talk to someone at some level to be able to get that fixed and improve that. You can even do customer surveys of, Hey, if we improve this, how much would that mean to you?

And this is something that you need to do yourself weekly, maybe monthly, maybe, you know, every six months, but keep looking at that. And at the beginning of the video, I said, Hey, we've been struggling with this with clients because our longer term clients has been together for a really long time. What happens is, is we keep viewing the product the same way and we're not looking at the newness to it.

We're not looking at all the competition and just hit the market and is now basically doing our product plus 10 other things better. So why would people purchase from us anyway? And when we keep focusing on just that product and the product from day one and not the product now on day, you know, 180, 200, since we've been working this client, we fail to realize that, Hey, we're kind of out of date.

You know, our other clients are, or like, you know, other, um, like competitors are offering one year warranties. They're offering free cases with their pair of glasses. They're offering a free shaker cup.

When you purchase a, you know, a supplement from them, what are we offering? Nothing, not offering anything good on top of our product. Our products does 200 milligrams of caffeine while there says 300 milligrams caffeine in their pre-workout and for the same price, their product has a better camera than ours.

You got to look at that and you really need to dig deep in it. Do not give yourself answers of great quality. If you give yourself a great quality, then why, why do you have a great quality?

Why is your quality better than competitors? Go specific. We use a Neo cotton blend that no one else uses on the market.

All of our phones are ceramic coated screen protection on top of them. So they don't crack when you drop it, dig deep. Why do you have better quality?

What do you do differently to have better quality than your competitors? Do you offer a one year warranty on your gym clothing for yourself? Gym clothing, you offer a one year warranty on your product.

So that way, if any customers rip it while at the gym, you pretty much give that, you give them a new pair, lots of different ways to look at it. And I think it really starts at looking at your competition, asking yourself, why are they purchasing their product over mine and getting deep and really dig down, spend time thinking, notepad, pin, really spend three, four, five hours on this. You should be spending no less than 10 to 20 hours a month on this right there.

I've really improving that. And that's going to unlock new answers for you. That's going to unlock new things in your product, which is going to unlock, you know, new revenue goals and new, you know, people that really push your company harder because you're offering such a great product on market.

More people want it. It's easier to scale. It's going to be just a really awesome time.

And if you don't have a great product in place, you're going to fail. You're going to fail to scale. You're going to keep hitting these, these, like, you know, obviously you'll start off good, maybe thousand dollars a day.

We hit, you know, $3,000 a day, $4,000 a day, then boom, kind of stuck. Can't go past that. Keep increasing spend, which is losing ROAS, you know, and when you have a great product, when you have a very high perceived value of your product for the cost it is, and you're better than all of the competition, guess who people are going to go to.

It's going to be you. And it's going to make you a ton of money in the process. And I think that'd be it for today, guys.

I just, I really wanted to, I know this is a very serious video, more kind of just me talking and kind of drilling into this to you guys, but it's something that I think a lot of people felt to realize. And it's something that I feel like everyone watching this video is not spending enough time on, and it's critical to your success to focus on. So guys, yeah, I don't really know how to kind of pull it out.

This is like, I mean, you kind of like a good joke right here, right now or something like that. Cause I know kind of just went more into a coaching mentality, but, um, um, you know, just lighten things up guys. I, I love y'all and I want to see y'all succeed.

Everyone who watches this channel and, um, you know, sometimes you really need to have that serious sit down and talk something about, you know, your business and stuff. And, and, you know, even for you guys right now, they're doing a hundred K, 300 K, 500 K a month, you know, there's always a level of improvement in your product and listening to your customers and understanding that. And, um, at every stage, every stage, you know, there's never the moment you get, Oh, my products, the best, there's no needs, no improvements.

And your ego builds up. There's going to be not one person that's going to knock it down and it may take a week, may take a few years, but you really need to stay humble about it and really, you know, understand your feedback you're getting and understanding what's going on in the market and understanding that you constantly have to keep adapting and stuff. So, but Hey guys, um, if you run a e-com agency or e-com business, uh, and you're doing at least 25 K a month and you know, you would love to help out for us to come on board and we'll help you out, um, with growing your business.

Uh, we do mixture paid advertising and, and you know, kind of like revenue consulting with our clients of how to scale their business further, help multiple brands, skills, six and seven figures. So make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team. We'll take a look at your ad accounts and we'll kind of put together a little strategy for you to where you can take action on to improve.

And then if you want, you can work with this. If not cool, take a strategy and run with it. It's that simple.

So make sure you click the link below to book that, uh, call with me. And, uh, yeah, I look, I I'm trying to make this a little bit more positive and lighter video. Now I kind of went a little too deep and dark right there for a second, but Hey, just, you know, it's the reality of what we live in.

And sometimes, you know, you need that to really make sure it, it, um, you know, sticks down into you. So guys make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And, uh, yeah.

So my name is Nick's Heria guys. And I really hope you enjoyed this video. Very different theme, different style, different vibe, but you know, Hey, some of you guys might love it.

So, uh, drop that comment below. I'm curious in your feedback for this, you know, uh, maybe this is something I can do more, maybe not, but Hey, you know, I hope you have a great rest of your day. So talk to guys later.

Peace.