Here's how you can pump out 90 high confidence creative tests for Facebook in the next four weeks. I've been running Facebook ads the last four years. I've done over a hundred million dollars in revenue for my clients.

And I took all of our top performing actions, our highest successful actions, and I put them down into a four week action plan of, you know, just you getting in the account, do this for four weeks. And there's a high confidence to the degree that you're going to find winning ads to be able to scale, find winning ads for a new product, all of those good things. So let's dive into it.

I got the whole blueprint right here. And I just want to show you guys, fortunately, because this is for like my students and stuff, I'm not going to be able to give you guys this whole sheet, like in terms of like the PDF and stuff, this is specifically for my private mentoring students, but I'm going to give you guys just a glimpse of it. You know, that's just, unfortunately there's some things I cannot share completely.

And these are one of those things. So, but I'm still going to give you guys 90 creatives that you can test over the next four weeks and the exact actions that you need to take to get those creatives right there. So week number one, very simple.

I like to say good artists create great artists steal. What do I mean by that? That people will go years and years trying to reinvent the wheel and stay broke for a long time.

So they find that one winning thing, then boom, great artists, just simply figure out what's on the market. It's already working and just do it better. Same thing we want to do.

So week number one, you want to use something like foreplay.co to see like, you know, like just other ads that's currently being ran in the marketplace. You want to use their discovery tool and look up your product and then English and active. What do I mean by that?

You can filter by active to make sure the ad's still running. You can also filter by the language. I'm personally speaking English.

I don't speak anything else. And we do a lot of English speaking products. So I do English, but you can do your own language as well.

And all I'm sitting here, I'm looking to do is I'm looking for six different types of angles, specifically angles. So I don't want the same creative six times. I want six very different creatives that we can find and we can go replicate inside of the accounts.

But then you can use something like cockatoo. If it's a video to transcribe the video, upload that to Claude or ChatGPT, get it to be rewritten specifically for your product and like a couple of tweaks to make it still seem fresh to where, you know, it doesn't look like you're blatantly stealing. Then you can use something like instance that pro to our creators to get those filmed.

So that'd be six different angles and we'll do three creatives each. If it's a video, it'll be three different visual hooks. If it's a photo, it'll just be like the main kind of background.

We'll change that three times. So three creatives per concepts times three, that's 18 creatives. You can test in week number one.

We'll put together in week number one. Obviously you have some time delay of actually getting those filmed in that sense. Now week number two, here is where we start to go to your swipe file.

So, you know, you kind of took what's all in the marketplace. You went and recreate that and boom. Now we're going to focus on your swipe file.

What is your swipe file? Your swipe file is where there's a mixture of ads, right? It's all a mixture of ads.

Some that may have worked for you, some that may have worked for other people, some that you may have seen on this channel and you just swipe from there. You have a swipe file full of inspirations, variety of niches, things like that. Here, all we're simply looking to do is pick six ads from that swipe file and simply recreate them with our messaging.

That's the key here. So we want to go inside the ad account. We want to look at the last 30 days or 90 days, and I want to see the highest spending ad.

Again, highest spending ad creative in the ad account in the last 30 to 90 days. I want to see the winning hook. And I just want to recreate those, you know, six different types of ads for my swipe file with, you know, three creatives per one.

So six new concepts for my swipe file, three creatives per concept. That's 18 more creatives. I have a doc I keep, you know, private just for my team members and my students where it's like all of my top ads that I've personally ran in our client accounts.

I just have my team pull from there. But yeah, so week number two, you're going to start kind of running your own different versions of swipes. This is where you're going to start getting a little bit more creative.

So as you can see, like week one, easy, no brainer. Week two, still a no brainer, but like it takes a little bit of work. So you're using that swipe file, like a template in that sense right there.

Now, week number three, here is where we start to get a, have a little bit more fun. So I have a document with about 33 different hook patterns. So 33 different types of hooks, again, exclusive for my agency, exclusive for my students.

And I basically have like a list of like different types of hooks. So like measure the size of the claim, you know, measure the speed of the claim, you know, compare it to its rival, for example. So what I'll do is I'll take our best performing messaging.

Let's say it's how to run Facebook ads in 2024. That's our best performing messaging, our hook. Then what I'll do is I'll pick a couple of those patterns and apply that to that hook to create new hooks, how to run Facebook ads in 2024.

And as little as 15 minutes a day, that could be a whole type of video. Another video could be how to run Facebook ads in 2024 and get a three X return on ads. That could be a whole nother video right there.

So different types of ways to say the same thing. And then what I'm doing is I'm creating new videos around that specific hook. So how to run Facebook ads in 2024.

And as little as 15 minutes a day, that whole video is going to be around as little as 15 minutes a day, how to run Facebook ads in 2024 and get a three X robust. That whole video is going to be around getting a three X robust. So it's not like it's going to be just a hook and then the same video over and over and over.

So it's going to be six concepts, which each concept will have a different hook and we'll film three creatives around each concept. So that's another 18 creatives. So 18 creatives week one, 18 creatives week two, 18 creatives week three, and this is all fresh content.

Go out there, hire creators, whether you film it yourself or creators film, this is all fresh content. 90% of its fresh content. We're not reusing content.

We're not taking existing ad and tweaking it all fresh stuff in that we're going into the account. All right. Now we go into week four.

Now, you know, week one, no thinking at all. Week two, a little bit of thinking, just kind of, you know, using templates, basically week three, a lot more thinking, right? You know, but you're still not really innovating and ideating and coming up with new things, right?

So week number four, this is where we're going to create 36 creatives. There's 12 unique concepts that we're going to create and I broke it apart into four different stages. So stage number one here, we're going to write out an advertorial.

That's an advertorial is a landing page that you run traffic to that then links to your product page. So, and then we're going to write four ad concepts around this particular advertorial. So four different concepts that get people to click on that ad, which goes to the advertorial that we wrote, and then go to advertorial to the product page.

I do not test my landing pages or product pages with the same ads I've been running, unless it's just a different version of that than while I do, I'll use convert.com to split test it. So that's stage one advertorial and four concepts around it. Now stage two, we're going to kind of go to a listicle, which listicle can be a little bit more solution aware, product aware, depending on how you do it.

You know, just depends on your market and a couple other factors right there, but we'll create a listicle. Listicle is more just like an advertorial, whereas this is something else you drive traffic to before it goes to a product page. And it'll be like five reasons why you should work with Nick Terrio's Facebook advertising agency.

And that whole listicle goes over those reasons. I create a clickbaity image out on Facebook. It drives traffic to that.

People read that article, then they go to the product page itself. So that's stage number two. And then stage number three, we're going to write out three product aware concepts.

So if you don't know what product to wear is, this is market awareness, where people are aware of your product, and they're also aware of your competitor's products. So for example, I run a Facebook ads agency. There's a lot of other people that run Facebook ads agencies.

So someone who's talked to multiple agencies, I'm trying to basically present the, you know, here's why our agency is better than other agencies. And I want to keep drilling down on that messaging right there to prove our superiority in the marketplace. Then lastly, stage four, actually probably one of the easiest concepts.

You're just looking at the website and you're trying to determine what particular offer is being currently ran right now. And you're literally just promoting the offer. So if you're running a 50% off sale, you'll literally just show the product 50% off by now.

That's it. It's not an ad that's meant to really scale hard. It's more just, you know, something that's kind of catches the low hanging fruit right there.

It's not a high, like you're going to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on it. Yeah. So those are the concepts that we go into.

And again, so 12 concepts week four, six concepts week three. So three times six, that's 18, 18 plus 12. You're looking at roughly what?

20, uh, about 30, 30 concepts. Yeah. 30 concepts with three creators per concept, 90 confident creatives.

You can test in four weeks and then we'll do is we'll do one concept per DCT. So that's going to be roughly 30 DCT. So we'll test over four weeks more than I normally like to do being completely transparent with you, but it's more for one of those where we want to be aggressive or spending a couple hundred dollars a day.

This is not meant for someone spending like 20 bucks a day. Someone's more like a hundred to a thousand dollars a day in ad spend. And we need to be aggressive to find new winning stuff to scale.

It's the exact structure that we take all of our clients through as soon as they sign on to where we have that highest probability of finding new winning ads to scale accounts. So that's our goal with this particular sheet right here. If you want to access all the documents inside of it, again, this is something that's going to need to get in my inner circle, my coaching program, course, things like that.

That's where I have this sheet where you can access like all the assets that go with it as well. But at least I can give you guys a very good glimpse of it in like 80% of it out for you guys. So hopefully this helps you guys out.

If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And with that being said, my name's Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.