So let's say you found a winning ad on Facebook and now you're kind of clueless of, hey, what do I do next? How can I scale this more? How can I make more money from all this work we put into finding this winning ad?

Well, today I want to show you that we have this ad account right here where we just found this winning ad right here, 101.3. Yeah, 101.3, AKA literally the first ad concept we launched for this new client. So just amazing work for my team right here.

Anytime we can crack a winning ad on the very first try is just always a cool feeling. But yeah, last seven days, we hit about $3,700 and spend this particular ad, you know, $27 cost per acquisition is pretty good. Not completely different than some of these cost per acquisitions, but some other things we're doing to further improve that.

So let's dive a little bit more into this. What do you do next to essentially, all right, you found this winning ad, you found this new winning messaging. What do you do next to extract more information from that?

So here's the script we leveraged. I'm not going to go through the whole thing, but long story short, the hook we used was to site writes the most accurate boresighter on the market. And then, you know, we showcase some, you know, some visuals.

Basically, this is the type of script right here we'll write and we'll send off to our content creators and stuff for them to film. And they actually filmed this full ad right here that we had launched. So the hook we used was the site writes the most accurate boresighter on the marketplace.

And just another example real quick, site writes the most accurate boresighter on the market. This is the hook, hook we used right here. Again, the hook is what you put on the screen.

It's not what you put in the body copies, not what you put in the headline. It's what you show on the screen. This is what grabs people's attention.

Now, I just took a screenshot of the video. I just, for the sake of the client's privacy, I don't want to showcase all the, you know, that branding and stuff like that. But yeah, this is a video ad right here.

And then basically like the next second is where it reveals the other half of this hook. So just want to make sure you guys are aware of that. Now, once you have this winning hook and like this winning script, your goal is to understand, all right, how can we take this and create more winning ad variations around this?

So we can find more winning ads. We find more winning ads in the account. We can scale faster.

So the first thing I like to look at is taking that hook that we used and breaking down why it works. So the site write is the most accurate boresighter on the market. Now we're calling out the fact that it's the most accurate boresighter on the marketplace.

And the way we, the reason why we went after that is because during our research process and looking at a bunch of boresighters that were on the marketplace, we realized that through the research and looking through all the negative reviews, the one star, the two star, the three star, even the four star reviews was that a lot of people complained how they used this boresighter and it just was not fully accurate for them. Right now, again, that's competitors. That's other boresighters in the market.

That's not ours. So what we did was, is we realized, okay, people are already aware of boresighters. They're already using boresighters, but they're not quite satisfied with them because they're not fully accurate as people thought they would be.

So our goal here was number one, to have a product. Again, that's the first thing is have a product that solves that problem. So this particular client actually had a boresighter that was a hundred percent accurate.

Now, if our client didn't have a boresighter that wasn't a hundred percent accurate, you'll be fucking over your customers by telling them it's a hundred percent accurate. And you can get a lot of refunds, you can get a lot of complaints, and you have people that want their money back and it's going to destroy your business. So when you actually research and look at the competition and understand, okay, Hey, we have to have a product that does X, Y, Z better.

Make sure your product actually does X, Y, Z better, or you're just one of the other turds that are drop shipping and sending off crappy products to people. So don't be that person. Actually take your time to realize, okay, Hey, we have to have a product that does X, Y, Z better.

If not, we're just, we can't compete in this marketplace. So that's what we did. We realized, okay, here's where everyone hates it.

Is our product superior? Is our product actually solved? And do we actually have a superior market?

Yes. All right, cool. Now let's just focus on that.

We really want to hit on the fact that, Hey, this is the most accurate Bore Cider on the marketplace. So what we did obviously was, let me show you the hook again. The site, right?

It's the most accurate Bore Cider on the market. I didn't have to go crazy, but I didn't have to educate people on what a Bore Cider is because they're already using a Bore Cider. And I'm calling out the fact that it's the most accurate one on the market.

That's it. So from here, if that's the winning hook, what I can start doing is how can I create new hooks saying the same thing? Now, when I say create new hooks saying the same thing, I'm not saying you have to say the site writes the most accurate Bore Cider on the market.

I'm saying is, is that people need to have that same takeaway in their head when they look at your, your hook. So here, Bore Cider, championship marksman trust. I'm using authority here to be like, this is like, this Bore Cider is so accurate that championship marksman trusted.

So like, that's a new hook right there. Can you spot which rifle use the site, right? So here I'm showcasing like a before and after one side of the screen, I'm showing a target of like really bad groupings.

And then I'm showing them the other side of the image. I'm showing the same target, but like with really tight groupings. And it's like, okay, this one used a regular Bore Cider, this one used a site, right Bore Cider.

And it's like, which one used it? So basically just kind of quick challenging people. So like that'd be an image ad.

This would be a video ad with a championship marksman and basically endorsing this product. Here's another one right here at a hundred yards. The site where it helps hit bullseye every time.

So it's called like demoing the product or demoing the claim where I'm just kind of like showing it in action in a way, but like in a hook. So like here I can have like, you know, a hundred yards away and like a sniper basically hitting that target consistently bullseye type groupings every time and showing like four or five shots hitting the target before, you know, like the next, like next scene right there. So different types of hooks and each hook hits that same kind of like the most accurate Bore Cider.

And we're showing and we're proving that through the video footage we're showing them, but we're starting off with the hooks to allow us to understand, okay, Hey, if I use this hook right here, how can I visually articulate that? So here I'm going to need someone to go film this at a gun range, a hundred yards away. I'm going to need them to set up a camera close to the target so they can see the target and hit.

I'm going to need to set up another camera by them to where they can film themselves using it. And that way all of them are, you know, like we can mesh all those together and like the hook. And then for you guys who don't really know, like some hook templates, here's some free ones I'm going to give you guys measure the speed.

So how fast something is. So like how to scale your Facebook ads in 30 days or less measure the size, how to get a three extra fast with Facebook ads demonstrate by showing an example, again, a hundred yards, a site ride helps hit bullseye every time prove superiority over the competition. So that's another one.

I'm trying to think of another example right there, 98% more accurate than the leading competitor. And then lastly, use authority, the Bore Cider trusted by championship marksman. So just a couple of templates you guys can leverage for y'alls.

Basically what we did was, is we picked one of them, which I actually haven't been put on the screen, but 98% more accurate than leading Bore Cider. So that's the promise of the site, right? Most advanced Bore Citing tool in the market.

And then basically I wrote my script. You can see right here that my script is similar, but not the same. So let's go back.

Here's my original script. And then you can see that this new script is fully focused around that angle of being 98% more accurate than leading Bore Cider. So when you write the new hook, it's not just, well, let me just put a new hook on the same body.

No, it's new hook. And then we're also kind of filming some new visuals that continue to sell on that particular hook right there. So like if I call out the fact how it's 98% more accurate than leading Bore Ciders, I want to continue to showcase proof and showcase evidence around that to build my claim.

I don't want to just say that and never touch on that again. So that's a big one right there. Once we do that, we'll film the script with Instance.

And then from there, we'll launch as a new DCT and that's it. But again, the whole goal here is that you find winning messaging in the account, whether it's a new concept, new hook or something like that. And then how can, what are other ways we can say that same messaging, but in new ways?

And that's exactly what we did here. We took our winning messaging. We applied some hook templates to it.

And that way we had new ways to say the same thing. And that's it. So great way for you to find variations, more variations of your winning ads.

That's where you can scale faster. So just one of the different ways we find variations, like other ideas would be to like, you know, test different people on it, things like that. But it's a whole nother video right there.

So make sure you hit the like button. If you enjoyed this video, new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and make sure that subscribe button. So if you're interested in me running your ads, click the link below, have Nick Terrio run your ads, where we specifically help brands go from six figures a month to seven figures a month.

We've helped four brands now and already help you become the next one. And then also to have my mentoring, my monthly mentoring, where it's like, Hey, you're creating ads and stuff like that. And you want them reviewed by me, give you feedback on what you can do to improve your ads and scale your store faster.

Click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. Maybe you're just beginning, you're just getting started with things. And you just want to figure out how to like do all these creative tactics and stuff like that.

Then I have my full creative course as well, which is next here your ads, which shows you all the SOPs we use inside of my agency to go from that like zero to like 50. And then my mentoring takes you from 50 to a hundred right there for just being an absolute savage with Facebook ads. So thank you all so much for watching.

My name is Nick Terrio. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.