I'm finally facing it all, fearless What's going on guys? Welcome back to the vlog. We have a very busy day today.

So let's get the day started. Got the 3D and currently right now we are headed to the shop. So currently at the shop today and if you do not remember this is where the vlogs had originally started.

I remember my first other camera, this was the area. Obviously a lot has changed now in terms of what I do, my business partner does. He pretty much took care of all the business now for this business and has been so busy with the digital agency.

So just kind of helping him out for a few hours. He needs to take a trip. So pretty much just came in here, helped out with a few client pickups.

And then we are going to head out because I have a meeting very soon. I'm in the shop now. Got to head back to the apartment.

Have a pretty big meeting to take care of. This is someone that wants to offer me multiple clients. Kind of like a white label service.

So we are going to see if we can put something together, structure something. And then after that we are going to eat and then the gym. Back home right now.

Currently cooking up some food. Got some ground beef. Five ounces of ground beef.

Well it was actually six ounces of ground beef. Four cups, hash browns. Quickly cook up a meal because it's 1130 and I do have a meeting at 12 o'clock.

So quickly just heat up some food real quick. Then hopping into a zoom call. Like I said, this is a really big deal for me.

This particular call because it's someone who wants to offer me multiple clients as a white label service. They're already familiar with my brand. They've been in contact with me for about a month and a half now.

They've been getting all my results and stuff through my email marketing. So they understand the value I can deliver. So it's pretty much just, Hey, what can I do for you?

How can we structure something together? And then they might open up to a few more clients right there. I did have one client sign up last night, literally as I'm about to go to bed at 1130 at night, he sends me over a DM on Instagram saying, Hey, I'm ready to get started.

Send him over to contract, send him over the invoice paid, fell asleep, woke up to a nice little check in my inbox. So I'm super excited. So I signed up to new clients this week and waiting for, I got a confirmation on one client said, yes, he wants to get started.

He is the CMO of a huge ass brand. He talked to the CEO. The CEO said, that sounds great.

And he's ready to get started. CEO is actually the person who put me in touch with the CMO, which is the chief marketing officer. Talk to, talk to both of them, amazing people.

They're hyped up. They're ready to get started and stuff. And then I came there and basically said, Hey, what's the holdup?

They said they needed to talk to their board of advisors. So they talked to their board of advisors. Board of advisors said, Hey, there's, that's good.

Let's go. And the board advisor said, but wait, I want to see just a few case studies from them. So I sent them over some results and I'm over a bunch of screenshots of ad manager, Shopify and everything.

All very, you know, all social proof that I can deliver. And that's totally okay. If the actual results, because obviously if they want to invest money with me, they need to understand what I can deliver to them.

Sent them over all that. They said, that look great. Okay.

But great. Not, Hey, let's get started. So that's why I sent over a followup message today and I did it in a very creative way.

I said, Hey, look, it's Memorial day this weekend. I just want to know what can we put together to, for the first campaign. So pretty much acting on us.

Okay. Look, he's ready to get started. He's ready to set this up for me.

I just need to give them the yes. So that's what I'm waiting for right now. Sent that email out to also waited about 48 hours before I followed up with them.

I don't like to be the annoying little shit in the inbox every single day, unless I have something really good and valuable, like I just sent today. So I'll update you guys on that. I need to fix this up and I'll see you guys on the call.

Lean and mean. We have one or two people that are running most of the operations. But we're at a point now where we're getting a lot of inbound and spinning up a lot of new programs for...

Like that idea. I think the biggest thing it comes down to is the type of clients. Number one, you know, there's e-com, there's local lead generation, and then there's personality brands and stuff.

Right now I'm purely focusing just with e-commerce businesses. And then the second thing it comes down to is, yes, I prefer to work with clothing brands. That's where my expertise is at.

But I also have a lot of other, like, I guess you could say, just on the spot products. I have a metal address sign client right now that's absolutely crushing into stuff. Because, you know, same terminology, kind of as the clothing brands I use to get people to buy.

So I think that also comes down to the type of product too. So e-com and then type of product they're selling. Preferably somewhere in between a zero to $200 range of the products.

Then the next thing it comes down to is, yes, I do have a team as well. Me and one of my team members, her name is Rebecca. We pretty much do majority of all the ad work together.

There's a few ad accounts she has completely to herself. There's a few ad accounts I have completely to myself. And there's a few that we work on together.

So kind of split up just based on our capabilities and stuff. Right now, it just depends on the size of an account. So if we have an account going over $2, $3, $4, $5,000 a day in adsmen, I could definitely want to take about one or two more of those on right now.

But if we have a client that's happy between $1,000 a day range, or maybe even lower, maybe the $100 to $1,000 range, I could take on easily three or four more of those clients. So really just kind of depends on how much they're wanting to spend. And also too, if they've already ran ads, because it's a lot, it's way easier to come into an account that's already running ads and able to double or even triple their profit margin versus an account that's never started off.

Because then you have to spend a lot, it takes a lot of time, clients' expectations are very low because they're like, why are we not making money now? And they just don't understand how it takes a little time to season that account and stuff to get it really moving forward. So between all of that, that's just where it's going to be kind of like a client on basis.

Like, hey, look, could you take on this particular client right here? You know, I don't think it'd be a great fit for me. Cool.

And that's kind of how it would have to be. Meeting is over. It went pretty good.

It's definitely not completely as I was hoping to expect for, but definitely a really good strategic partnership set in place. So from here, I'm going to start working now or finishing up, trying to finish up a Father's Day campaign for one client. And also two Memorial's Days this weekend.

So I'll probably try to throw together a few Memorial Day campaigns for these new clients. Just make them up some quick sales right from the beginning. Set up a campaign, retarget all the warm audiences that's on their site, Instagram profiles, social profiles and stuff.

That'll shoot up sales really quick. Before I leave, I actually do need to get my pre-workout together. So do a scoop real quick.

I got the ghost. Great. And then also, too, I want to show you guys something new.

Something new I've been doing. So I'm not going to take this right now, but just for later. Do one full scoop.

Go scrape. And then, I'll show you guys something new. This is something I just started doing.

Probably not the best thing if you want to like, lose water weight. Because when you're cutting, sometimes you just don't want a lot of water weight. And just by cutting out salt, we'll like, lose a little water weight.

Get a little weight in. But lately, I've been kind of going against that. And putting salt in my pre-workout.

I saw this on Russ Swole's channel. So what I've been doing is, essentially what you do is you put a little bit of salt in your pre-workout. You get a better pump.

It's kind of like if you go eat some fried food or some french fries and stuff before you work out. It's going to be a little more veiny. You get a better pump and stuff.

A little bit more fuller. There's a lot of research and science on it. About like how sodium.

A little bit of sodium before your workout. What's with like... It's the creatine attaching to your muscles.

I don't completely know. You get a better pump. I'm not going to go with super scientific in it.

Because I don't completely know. I looked at all the science and stuff. And there's a bunch of scientific explanations and stuff.

And a bunch of people just tried it and said it's a good pump. I've tried it now. And there's a little difference.

Because I've always felt like I've got a better pump on days. I've eaten some fried food. Some fries.

Like maybe some fried chicken or something like that. And if I worked out later today I always felt like I had a better pump. Or if I go into a workout and eat a lot of like...

See if I just wake up and eat some oatmeal or something. It just has a very low sodium. I noticed I don't really have as good of a pump.

So I started putting like a scoop of... About... It's about a half a tablespoon or half a teaspoon of sea salt in my little shaker cup.

And I've been noticing way better pumps. So definitely something to try. I recommend mixing it with like your pre-workout.

And it just tastes like Pedialyte to me. Because Pedialyte already has a lot of like sodium and stuff. Sodium also helps with like electrolytes and stuff like that.

Definitely do your own research. Check it out. Try it.

Let me know what you think. How it works for you. So I ended up picking up Kennedy.

A plant nutrition smoothie. Just because Chick-fil-A was absolutely insane. And as well I was looking to go to...

Canes. Canes. But Canes is also insane too.

So I'm going to drop this off to her. I'm not going to bring this down because I don't want you guys seeing her work and stuff. Privacy reasons.

But... Damn. She's a pretty good smoothie.

Chocolate peanut butter. Chocolate peanut butter. So now I'll see you guys at Sports Shack with Jake.

You got what? I'll work and find it. You're welcome.

I got this right here. I just have to hook up. It's a sports shack.

So they have all kinds of like different grilled sandwiches and stuff. Jake is pretty bomb. Grilled chicken sandwich.

Pretty healthy. Probably one of our favorite places to come. Like good, healthier, workout food, whatever you want to call it.

Don't look at the chips though. Yeah, don't worry about the chips. Actually pretty good macros and chucks.

I haven't really had any fats today so we should be set. Alrighty guys, we are at the OG gym with Jake. What's up?

Getting our... This is the first workout. Back at this gym since the quarantine and came to show with Jake.

Second workout since quarantine started. Welcome to today's workout. I thought I'd do a quick little voiceover commentary.

It's super short. Just letting you know now. Sorry to disappoint you guys.

But I thought I'd give a quick little update on the whole diet aspect of my training. This week is my first week back into the gym. Obviously since the gyms have opened.

First time since I've really started taking training seriously over the last two months. And my body is very very sore. I started off about 159.

And this whole week I've actually been eating maintenance calories with added cardio. Did about three cardio sessions this week. And I've actually gained weight.

I'm sitting about 160, 162. So I don't think I'm just feeling out. Because during quarantine I was eating inconsistently.

Because my strength is definitely like I feel more solid. And yeah so I'm curious to see how it's going to go over the next week or two. I'm definitely going to start like going harder on my diet over the next week.

But this week was definitely a really good starting point. Definitely very happy with everything. I was hitting macros consistently.

Hitting my training hard. Getting my cardio in. So between all of that I would say this first week back kind of like trying to diet down or thing was definitely a very success.

But we just did a little bit of back day as you can see. And yeah I just didn't really record much. So like I said this is a very short commentary.

And then we're going to go ahead and hop right back into the video. Well guys currently back at home. It's like 1130 at night.

So here's what happened. Went fishing with Jake. After we worked out.

Got to play in nutrition. I didn't catch any fish. He caught a fish.

I'm going to play that clip right now. Oh yes. Fuck.

Finally. It only took me about fucking eight hours. Of fishing time.

Barely caught him too. Look. I know you barely got him.

Barely. Shit bro. That's probably one of my biggest so far.

That's a good one. Oh yeah. I'm happy about that one.

Damn. You got you a feisty one. I don't want him to do that while I have that hook in it.

No. All right. So yeah.

So that was this fish he caught. Then I went over to Kennedy's for a little while just to see her for a few. And now I'm back home and it's 1140 at night.

I have a lot of work to catch up on. Got a busy day tomorrow. I got this vlog.

I got to edit. I don't even know if I'll sleep tonight. So we'll see what happens.

Also too. I picked up my first thing of CBD oil. Take a look.

I don't know if you can see that. Focus. Focus.

There you go. I've never tried CBD oil before. It's something that I've been wanting to try.

I've never tried CBD. So I was like, hey, I want to try it. And second, with this cut, I'm trying to wean myself off alcohol.

And towards the end of the day, I like to have a drink. And now I'm, it's been a few days since I've had my last drink since last Saturday. So I didn't want that relaxation without the hangover, dehydrating your body, all the negative side effects of alcohol.

So I'm like, you know what? Let's try the CBD. I don't know what's going to happen.

I don't know if it's going to work. I don't know if it's just going to relax me for just a little bit. That's it.

Cool. That's what's testing things out is and seeing how it reacts with your body. So I am going to eat now, get a little bit of work done.

I'll probably just honestly set my alarm for really early tomorrow because I do need that mental relaxation, mental rest for a little while. Just get my brain recharged and then really hit the morning early and hard. A lot going on.

Got to edit this vlog, like I said, and a bunch of other work to take care of. So thank you guys so much for watching this video. If you enjoyed it, make sure you smash that like button below.

And if you're new to the channel, I make vlogs, Facebook ad, and business related videos. And yeah, make sure you hit that subscribe button. And I'll see you guys soon.

Peace.