I'm finally facing it all, fearless Welcome back to the vlog. Currently right now we are rushing out the house to head to get a haircut Yes, it's the first day out of quarantine So we're gonna go get a haircut, get my 3D and yeah first day gyms and haircuts are open So let's go enjoy this We're gonna go get a haircut and after the haircut we're gonna go get some gas And then after we get some gas we're gonna go sign up for a gym membership So let's go Ooh the fog fog fog fog I guess Cold start Currently at a strand above Solana boutique New place but same hairstyle she moved And we gotta wear a mask first time ever I've never worn one of these before so let's see I guess the blue is the inside Gotta wear one of these Honestly I really don't know what's the inside I think the blue is the outside actually I haven't worn one of these before Gotta wear one until these go into a building And then they have other stipulations after But this is opening day It's the first day the quarantine has been lifted And I'm excited to get a haircut I got two during the quarantine, I'm okay I'm over there okay But uh This is my OG stylist And she knows what's up Alright so currently just leaving the haircut And you boys a new man with a fresh cut And super excited about it now We're currently getting some gas right now And we are about to head to Hub City To get our gym membership So later we go work out We don't actually have to go back And like sign up everything before starting our workout So we're currently right now at Hub City Fitness A new gym in Lafayette, Louisiana That I've trained at a few times already But now that I'm on this side of town It's probably the best bang for my buck Um closest Amazing inside gym It really gives me like the Alphalete vibes and stuff So uh just signed up And you can see outside Bam So I just signed up now And then I'm gonna come back later today Probably around 3ish To actually come train I just want to come and take care of the uh The uh sign up stuff Now So that way I don't have to take care of that later Hey guys I just finished up my Morning meditation And check that out Look at that Look at that Fade Damn Yeah I just finished up my morning meditation I am about to I am about to Do Breakfast It's like 12 o'clock In the afternoon Uh but Again Just because I got up And Went to other stuff So I'm gonna do my meditation So I'm gonna write down my goals and stuff And uh I do need to eat too So Today we are starting back up the diet And uh Really excited for that So Now we're gonna be back in the gym Be dieting Cardio All that good stuff And uh Yeah So Let's see Let's uh Let me write down my goals and stuff Let me take my Uh Morning supplements And I'm gonna show you What I'm gonna fix up for our breakfast Let me show you guys What I cooked up for meal number one Got a hundred and seventy grams of yogurt With a hundred forty grams of berries Strawberries and stuff Um I got two scoops of protein With twelve ounces of almond milk Uh Three eggs And a bagel with cream cheese So It's like a hundred grams of protein Ninety-eight grams of carbs And like twenty- thirty grams Or Maybe I don't know twenty grams of fat For this whole little thing It's currently twelve forty-five I'm probably gonna eat this Take care of a little bit of work Maybe actually get some reading done And then Go ahead and actually work out So this will be kind of like my pre-workout meal Uh Just cause It's just not enough time I don't wanna go too late Uh And then it'd be like Way too many people there Be limited by occupancy I kinda wanna go that mid Afternoonish Around two thirtyish Where I think we'll Should get a decent crowd I wanna show you guys Something I found Just Gotta be quiet I don't wanna scare it away I really don't wanna scare them away Check this out Whoa Okay Watch Hey there little guy How are you? Hey It's time to wake up We got big things planned Come on Wanna go out?

Play? Have a treat? Let's go Let's go Let's go Let's go Let's go Let's go In all seriousness guys Got the gym bag Back I really don't know what to put in it Because I just have like a few straps in it now Before I had a lot of like my supplements and stuff in it But honestly I just try to keep it in the cabinet So Just bring it And I'll start adding stuff back to it But I got my back strap Um Or back brace Like two different things to my hands and that's it Let's head out now to the gym Look at this We about to go to the gym Like It still hasn't hit me yet We're literally Getting in the car Taking pre-workout in the car Going to a real gym To workout Like it just does not feel real Like Crazy guys So I am sipping on One scoop of ghost pre-workout Ooh Ooh Ooh sitting You Can If This That That Y And Yum Пр awarded You Hey Don't You We ThroughRE discourses Man Horfaith yes behind Oh Oh Currently just finished three or four squats.

Want to die. 225 felt extremely heavy. First workout of success.

Did legs. And then after we did legs, 20 minutes on the Stairmaster. And I gotta say, I'm fucking dead right now.

I am so good. I don't know if you guys can see that. I'm gonna sweat in my eyes.

Oh, it burns. I really need to bring a towel to the gym. Alright, see you guys back at the apartment.

Food right now. I got some ground beef I cooked the other day. And that's all some hash browns in the panion.

These hash browns right here are from Super One. And look at the macros. There is no fat.

All carbs. And protein. A little bit of protein in it.

And I love this meal. Lean ground beef. Obviously hash browns.

Put a little bit of ketchup on this. And then I'm also gonna put a little bit of cheese. So I still have a lot of fats left.

I mean, it's like, I don't know. 5, 10, 10 grams of fat. 60 grams of carbs.

And like 48 grams of protein. For the ground beef. I got 8 ounces of ground beef in there.

And that's excluding, you know, some of these other things. Mushrooms and shit. So.

Alright, so here is the final product. And honestly guys, it tastes almost like chili cheese fries. Because the hash browns is potatoes.

The ground beef. And then a little bit of ketchup on top. A little bit of cheese.

And like I said, I tracked all of this. As long as you weigh out your cheese and stuff. Which I did.

One serving is 28 grams. So honestly, it's a lot of freaking cheese. So, uh, weighed all that out.

And also I got two things of pineapple. Just for some extra carbs. A little bit of extra sugar.

For out the post workout. And check out the, let's check out the fit for the night. Hell yeah.

Got the Zephyr necklace. Judd, uh. We go out tonight.

Um, show some friends. So, be fun. Currently the next day.

I forgot to film an outro. But currently filming and editing this video right now. We're currently just editing this video right now.

We're going on the couch. I am absolutely worn out right now. I'm about to go to the gym.

Probably like two, three hours. But I need to upload this video and stuff. My legs after that workout I saw.

My legs today are in absolute pain. It's like the sore that's painful. So, uh.

Yeah. Great workout. I did a lot of other stuff too.

I didn't just do squats. But between just being in a new gym and stuff. Filming for the first time.

Add my first workout over there. It's just a little difficult. But, um.

Well, I'll keep. Altered. Like.

Working on that. So. Uh.

Thank you guys so much for watching this video. If you enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit that like button.

And. If you're new to the channel. I do daily.

I do vlogs. Don't say daily. I do vlogs.

I do business related videos. And like Facebook ad videos. So.

If you enjoy that type of stuff. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. I'll see you guys soon.

Peace.