Morning YouTube, a little different scenery. Just went for like a 20 minute run slash walk just because I'm so out of shape when it comes to running. So, yeah.

About to go do 15 minutes on the punching bag. We have morning cardio session will be complete. Feels pretty good.

It's the first time in a very long time I've just got up and went to running first. So, right now, right now I just got this one like 50 pound heavy bag. And yesterday's video, we mounted this bracket right here where we're getting a 100 pound hydro bag, which basically just looks like a ball.

I love it because you can practice your uppercuts, get your arms strong. Alrighty, guys. It's actually been a little while since I recorded that last clip.

And, oh, look. We're following the big camera now. So, that's what's up.

But I'm actually about to record a video. I'm in the middle of my work block. I'm on my second work session out of four.

And we're about to record some videos real quick for the onboarding process of my agency. And I'm going to show you guys a little bit behind the scenes of that. Problem in my digital agency, something that I've never really got a solid system and process around, is the onboarding side.

If what I actually gain a client is how to make that transition of putting our two companies together and us creating a good partnership from the start. It's having a solid system and process in place. I've created a few Google documents before, sent them a bunch of emails and stuff right when they sign up.

And, I don't know. It's always just been kind of haywire. Never had a solid system.

So, over the past week, I've been pretty much going over and developing a system. When a client says, yes, let's ready to get started, I simply just drop them a link and have a full funnel they go through that at each step, it gets a few things from them. It sets the expectations properly from the beginning.

Because setting expectations from the beginning of a client equals happy clients in the long run. So, that's kind of what I've been working on over the past few days, past week. And, I pretty much just finished recording the last video, which was actually the biggest one.

I was calling over expectations. So, now if a client says, hey, I'm ready to get started. I'm like, alright, cool.

Here's the link. I sent over an invoice. And, they go through this whole funnel.

It takes about 90 minutes to go completely through. And, that's giving them time to reply back to a few different questions I asked them. Getting data back from them.

And, everything. So, it's super cool. I'm really excited.

And, in fact, I'm actually going to send this funnel to two, three prospects. That's all on the fence right now signing up with this. So, maybe that will kind of like, hey, damn, this business is pretty legit.

I want to work with them. So, I already started working out. I didn't get to film the beginning.

But, all I'm doing is starting off with some push-ups. Do 10 sets of 10. And, just really focusing on my form.

And, that squeeze. Not trying to rush the reps. And, yeah.

This is like the second workout for the day. Doing my weight training afternoon. Cardio in the morning.

Just to keep me moving throughout the day. Let's see how it goes. No epic workout edits.

But, I guess maybe give you guys some inspiration of what to do at home. Here's a quick one for what I'm working with. This is literally all we got.

Some dumbbells. Four plates. Curling.

Kind of like a deadlift type thing. And, then obviously we have like a pull-up bar up there. So, this is all I have to do.

Everything over the next few days. So, I want to give my brother a thank you. Because, I don't really know what else I'm going to do today.

But, I decided to go back on a three-day split. Literally, just a few minutes ago before I start this workout. I'm going to do push, pull, legs.

Push, pull, legs. So, today I'm going to do hips, shoulders, and triceps. Push, pull, pull, pull, pull.

Push, pull. Push, pull. Push, pull.

Push, pull. Push, pull. Push.

Push. So, this setup actually looks pretty good. Probably do about 10 sets of 10 to 20 reps.

And, also have some heavier weights. So, if I want to switch out. But, just doing some chest flies now.

I have some really good activation with this moment. Just got to watch your neck. As you can see, my neck was completely supported.

You have to watch after I don't strain that. But, I'm not really going to have anything crazy on the weight. So, alright.

So, next little exercise I am doing is dumbbell pullovers. This is an exercise I don't ever do at all for chest. But, I'm trying to be creative for my chest.

But, I'm trying to be creative right now for what I've got. And, it's simply just dumbbell pullover. Chest pullover.

Whatever you want to call it. And, again, I'm doing 10 sets of 10 of it. Pretty much everything this whole workout.

I'm doing 10 sets of 10. Because, I'm not doing many exercises at all. And, I'm limited to the movements I can do.

Next exercise we'll do is chair dips. Tricep dips, chest dips, whatever you want to call it. Let's go.

Really focusing on that squeeze. Top. And, I pull on the bottom.

Alright. Alright. For this next exercise.

Simply just on seated dumbbell flies. Shoulders, dumbbell flies. Shoulders, dumbbell flies.

Just super set them for rear delft flies too. Alright for this next exercise Simply just on Seated dumbbell flies Shoulders delft flies Just super set With rear delft flies too I'm not going to go too crazy On arms Because I am boxing everyday And just the boxing alone Kills me in terms of strength In terms of my arms I'm also running out of time right now For this little workout block I scheduled But dumbbell flies and stuff I'm also going to choose some Tricep kickbacks And the only thing else I think I would add to this If I have a little bit more time For my next chest day which I'll do Thursday Is some shoulder press So But Pretty much for this first workout Hope you guys enjoyed that little At home workout Guys if you haven't started Getting into your routine If you're stuck at home right now Because there's coronavirus and stuff Don't let it fucking Get in your way Take action Become resourceful Use what you have at home To either grow your business To You know optimize your environment Best you can Get you a few weights Maybe if you can Still Figure out stuff you got To work out Go for a run around your neighborhood Become resourceful Become open minded Don't be closed minded Like all these fucks on Facebook That's still complaining about the government Shutting everything down You can either adapt Take advantage of what you have What you're given And adapt And grow and expand Or you can contract And be a piece of shit And complain about the government And everything they're doing And stuff like that It's obviously a horrible Horrible Thing that's going on And I feel for everyone But It's the people that are closed minded You know The people that stay in home And complaining about everything They're sitting in their bed all day Complain, complain, complain Complain Because they're not going to work They could be using this time To learning a New trade On YouTube There's a lot of tutorials and stuff Learning a new skill Learning Become resourceful With your environment We will get over this guys Keep crushing it With what you're given Right now At this time And start now