I'm finally facing it all Fearless Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Alright you guys, starting off the morning with my Morning Performance Supplements Welcome back to the channel guys Nick Terrio here And today I'm bringing you guys a new vlog Got a lot of work To take care of today So bring you guys along I filmed that clip and the Jilly just ate and stuff And for the past hour I've been laying down It's like those post Like meal Naps that just kind of have every time I eat something big so We're gonna crack open, already cracked open We're gonna finish drinking a Orange monster And we're gonna go ahead And finally get some work Started So first things first is I've been distracted with my phone all morning And I know I'll continue being distracted with it So I'm gonna take it So I'm gonna do not disturb And I'm gonna just put it Inside of my closet Boom So I'm gonna do some plus that Alright, but everything that's going on today Is that First off I'm just starting my work block now It's 2 The 2 17 2 I'm gonna try to get a 4 hour work block in Basically what I'm gonna do is I need to do my journal first My journal complete Do a little bit of ad management And then what I did was I spent the last 3 days Going through my agency list So I've got 125 people That's on my prospect list People I want to work with Clients I want to work with And I cut that down to about 80 people Removed about 30 to 40 people That just wasn't completely qualified I might just kind of briefly qualified At one point but now I just reevaluate their business and stuff They're not really qualified to work with me So then I got about 80 people I pulled out some of the people I've already been following up with a lot And I was left like 60, 70 people And then what I did was Is I sent out a weekly newsletter To these people Providing a lot of value and stuff And I've even had quite a few prospects Tell me that And then what I did was I came there and I Pulled out 27 people Who have yet to Do video pitch for But I've just been sending emails to And that also Are completely qualified to work with me And also That I have been opening up My emails and stuff With ActiveCampaign I can actually see The data Of people opening up emails and stuff So now I have a list Of 27 people That I need to record video pitches for And that is what I am about to do Right now And It takes me about 10 minutes It takes me about 15 minutes To do one video pitch So We'll see I'm hoping to get a bunch done I want to get all of these recorded Uploaded Now I can use them to Pitch people with this week Send them to them And a lot of people love the video pitches And basically what I do is I just audit their brand Provide a lot of value to them Promote what we do How we help businesses and stuff And all that good stuff So that's what I am My plans for today Today is Sunday I didn't really do any work yesterday And Saturday So I don't have a problem at all With catching up on a bunch of work today On Sunday I'm not one of those people that are like Hey it's Sunday I can't work But yeah And then also got like clothes washing Dishes washing And all that And I'm going to do a little bit of cleaning In the apartment And hopefully I'll finish everything Around 8 o'clock And maybe go surprise Kennedy Or something like that With like some ice cream or something But yeah That's my Sunday today I don't got no self control I'm not my mind And all I know My eyes are like two bagels Self destructed It's all I know I don't got no self control Alrighty guys So Sorry right now It's been a few weeks So So right now it's been a few hours and I'm currently getting my mic ready. This is the Rode Video Lav Mic. I was like, I think a hundred bucks or something like that.

I bought a while back. And yeah, I've been using this for recording all of my videos when I'm talking to the computer. Just because it sounds good, I can just clip it to my shirt like that.

And it plugs right into my computer without any issues at all. Which is really good. I think the only problem I have is like leaving it plugged in my computer and then getting up and obviously it yanking.

But yeah, I've been loving this. I used to use the Blue Snowball for all of my video over and stuff like that. Talking over.

But now purely using just this Rode Video Mic. But now I'm going to go ahead and start jumping into creating these video pitches. I did end up spending about a little bit more longer period of time managing some Facebook ads and stuff.

I have a really promising set of audiences right now. I'm working on scaling and kind of breaking apart in terms of some interest audiences versus look like audiences. And over the past few days we spent $900 testing a few of these just interests.

Look like engaged shoppers, romance, etc. And we generated over $3,600 back in return for this business. So very profitable ad set right there.

And now I'm looking to expand it. It's currently in a CBO campaign at $400 a day. Working well.

And now I'm looking to build off of that. Breaking apart those CBO campaigns and create more campaigns and different placements and stuff. So yeah, that's what I've worked on just now.

And now I'm jumping straight into these video pitches. And yeah, I've got a little over 20 of them to record. I don't know if I'm going to record all of them today.

So I only have about two and a half hours left of this work block. But we'll see what we can do. And we jump into the first one now.

Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. This is purely a test video clip.

That is a huge thing to always do. Make sure you test out your microphone and stuff before you start recording a bunch of videos. Because you would hate for your audio settings to be messed up.

And then you go back and look over the videos. And you're going to redo them all. Learners.

Big learning mistake. Hey, what's going on Andrew? My name is Nick.

You likely have no idea who I am. I connected with you on LinkedIn a little while back. And I stumbled upon a crush your brand, HomeFimLA.

Could be saying that wrong. And my apologies if I am. But look man, I wanted to reach out to you.

And I wanted to record this video for you. I'm a digital agency owner. I haven't been for the past two years.

And I looked over your brand and found a few things. We could add some value to you and your business. And I wanted to record this video to actually show you those things.

So that way you don't car park that. Yeah. Round number one.

Go. Or that's the first one. Let's bring it back to the top.

Hey Andrew. What is going on? My name is Nick.

You likely have no idea who I am. I forgot. Is his name really Andrew?

Okay, cool. Just making sure. All right.

Take number three. That was pretty much like one video pitch. And I know like a big thing for me when recording video pitches is making sure I have my phone away because I do get distracted easily.

And try not to do anything between video pitches. Like record one, immediately go to the next one. I know I just caught myself kind of checking the ads manager again.

I can spend a lot of time every day inside the ads manager. So I need to make sure I stay out of it in between video pitches and stuff. But once you get that down, you can pretty much just flow through them.

I don't really have a script I follow. I kind of have like an overall template I follow in my head. I feel like getting these things, these things, and these things.

And yeah, that's pretty much it. So that was one. I got about 25 left.

And I'll be here for a few more hours. I don't know if I'm getting them all done today. But yeah, also another tip too if you're doing video pitches, make sure you batch them together.

Because if you try to do one, upload it, send it out, then do the next one. It just takes too long. It's better to batch them all together.

Record them all, upload them all, then send them all out. So you have three different stages in the process of actually giving a video pitch out. So that was another video pitch.

I just wanted to show you guys a few different samples. My camera battery is about to die now. So I'm going to go ahead and keep crushing this out.

And I'll update you guys later. A few hours now, I went and visited my girlfriend and stuff. And I'm back.

And like, literally, same room. And I got me some, you know, diet ramen noodles. Some diet rice crispy treat.

I'm about to edit this vlog. Yeah. Basically, since we moved to this apartment, the whole diet thing just went choo-choo-choo-choo.

But I'm going to have something coming up for that soon. I'm just waiting to see how this quarantine thing happens. Because obviously, the apartment workouts are trash.

But I got word that the gym at the apartment is about to open up. And so that's going to be very nice. So I can start working out over here.

Because they have a pretty decent gym over here. So other than that, I think the main topic of this video, which is provide as much value as you can if you're trying to close high-ticket clients. I know my battery is about to die.

So I have to flip that up. If you're trying to close high-ticket clients, make sure you go out your way to do something special for these higher-ticket clients. So for me, for digital agency, I do a lot of grooming and scouting and prospecting to make sure I'm targeting qualified people first.

So I may only pick up three or four prospects a week. And then I just leverage a whole bunch of follow-ups. I might send 20 messages and then finally get a call booked.

And I'm like, oh my god. I'm glad I booked a call with you. You're not just some shit marketer like I keep getting with.

You actually know your stuff. So that's always cool to hear. And it's why I'm so confident to follow up with someone 20, 30 times before they finally hop on a call with me.

Also, too, creating video pitches and stuff are super valuable because it basically sums up everything that's going to happen in that first call in a 10-minute video. So that way, when they hop on the call, they're a lot more present to what I'm offering, what I do, how I can help them. And it's more of how can we put a deal together with you and your business.

So that's kind of my sales process for the digital agency. I might cover more of it soon. But yeah, I want to thank you guys so much for watching.

If you enjoyed this video, drop a like. If you're new to the channel, hit the subscribe button. I post vlogs, business tutorials, Facebook ads tutorials, and kind of like the marketing industry for clothing brands.

That's what my agency works for. And yeah, peace out, guys.