I want you guys to forget everything you know about Facebook ads and watch the remaining of this video because I have some really interesting things I want to bring up to you guys. Some food for thought. It's the things that's working really well for us.

That's allowing us to spend anywhere from $750,000 to a million dollars a month on ad spend, but for roughly, you know, three to four X return on that for our Facebook ad clients. So with that being said, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriot from Ecom Growth Agency. Click link below to book your free strategy call.

If you, you know, you're interested, we all brands scale from six figures to seven figures a month and nothing to sell you. So everything I provide on this channel is completely for free to help you guys improve and scale your business. So with that being said, hit the like button, hit the subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video.

So there's a lot of, you know, new things that's been happening in Facebook ad world for us. And there's a lot of old, you know, just, I guess you could say 2015, 2016 mindsets that's been preventing certain people to level up as a Facebook ads media buyer, because they're still holding on to old beliefs. Okay.

And what I mean by this is that, you know, we work with a few different brands and stuff like that. And, you know, even just YouTube channel and just talking with people and stuff like that. And I do see two different types of media buyers in 2022.

Okay. I see the people that have adapted to the broad, no targeting strategy and seeing some amazing success with it, with one campaign and literally just forgetting everything else. And then I'm still have these other people that are super, super, super technical.

And they're like, well, what about this audience? What about this audience? Well, what about this ad with a 1.3% CTR versus this one?

What about this ad with, you know, you know, we shouldn't do bid cap. What about optimizing for reels? Like all this stuff like that.

It's just like, whoa, super, super, super technical stuff that me personally, I was doing the same shit back in 2015. So I completely understand why you have these questions, but long-term I've completely shifted away from that. And my clients are making 10 to 15 X more money since I've gone away from having those thoughts.

Okay. So let's dig deeper into this. Okay.

So, you know, the old kind of what a lot of people talk about is, all right, we're going to find our audiences and then we're going to do a middle of funnel campaign and we're going to do a bottom of funnel campaign. And then we're going to do a past purchase campaign. And then after we find our audiences, we'll put some ads against those.

And then after we test those ads, then we just keep finding new audiences to keep those ads alive. And then what we'll do is, is we'll do bid cap to scale it. We'll test the CBO campaign with five ads that's duplicated in it, or we'll test an ad with, or ad set with five ads duplicated in it.

And just all this crazy shit. It's like, whoa. And like, don't get me wrong.

Like I said, I used to do that shit. I've had videos on his channels where I literally talked about the duplicating an ad set three times in a CBO. None of that shit works.

Okay. Long-term. And since we've adapted the strategy of looking at it from a long-term perspective of business growth for our clients, what has happened is that they're making severely more money in the process.

Okay. So forget everything, you know, about Facebook ads, I want to show you guys or tell you guys what's working for us and like, what's the way we've adapted and what works for us. Okay.

So number one is that we really focus only on one campaign per ad account. Okay. We're not doing 10.

We're not doing six. I'm doing three. I'm doing a middle funnel, funnel retargeting, anything like that.

Focusing on one campaign. Okay. One campaign per ad account.

Okay. Now we might do other campaigns if there's a very specific reason why. And let me explain.

Okay. I'm going to do one campaign per ad account. But if we have an ad account where they have three different countries they're targeting and each country is using very different creative and very different copy, we're going to do one campaign per country.

Okay. Now, if we're targeting three different countries for this ad account and they're all using the same creative and all same copy, guess what? We're going to put all three of those countries in one campaign.

Okay. In one ad set. Okay.

So that's, that's just a campaign structure. Let's say if I'm selling men's clothes and women's clothes, and we have two different buyers, it's not women buying for men and women buying for women. If it's, you know, women buying for women and men buying for men, then I'm have one campaign for men's clothes, one campaign for women's clothes.

Okay. Let's say, for example, I have one campaign for my core product that in our best selling product, we're pushing hard. Then we launch a new product that's kind of different, has a different persona.

I'm going to create a second campaign. Okay. So it just kind of depends on the scenario.

It's two or three different scenarios right there. Um, and if I have a multi-product store, I'm only focusing on my two or three best sellers. And if they have their same persona, for example, if it's like men's sharts, men's t-shirt men's, you know, shirt, whatever, I'll put all those products in one campaign and I'll focus on scaling those three together.

Right. Um, now if I need to hit a certain quota, if I really need to sell out the men's leggings or men's jeans, then I might create a second campaign and force spins that particular product to really make sure it sells out. So it just depends in a scenario, but as well as many scenarios I can give you guys, that'll work out.

Okay. So we're doing one campaign now going into the ad set level or before we go to the ad set level, we're doing a CBO as well. Okay.

Now we're going to the ad set level. Okay. The ad set level, there's not much different except that, uh, we're using dynamic creatives.

So we're adapted to dynamic creatives and we're using broad targeting. Okay. What is broad targeting?

Broad targeting is simply just age, gender, and country. Okay. If we're targeting three different countries, guess what?

We're going to put three different countries all in that one ad set. Okay. So just make sure you're aware of that.

Now, why broad targeting? So this is where a lot of people have been getting, you know, kind of mixed up on. Okay.

And we've done tons and tons and tons of tests on this and we haven't ran an interest or look like since January of 2022. And our clients have made 10 to 15 next more money since then. Okay.

Now here's why the reason why we're going to use broad targeting is because, you know, me personally, I even believe this as well. Facebook is removing interest every single month. Facebook has automatically applied look like expansion and interest expansion as well to where you cannot, like if you target just a look like purchase 30 days and Facebook can't find buyers in there, it's going to go outside of that.

Okay. Same thing for interest. So Facebook is removing interest and it's also automatically expanding look likes and interest without your consent anymore.

Like before you can see about click a button. Now it's automatically applied. Okay.

So Facebook is already pushing the narrative of going broader and Facebook's already pushing the narrative of going broader because they've even still sent a email out roughly a week or two ago where you're like, people are starting to see it on their platform where Facebook's even recommending going broad. So there's a lot, a lot of push about broad and eventually I strongly believe this is that there will be no targeting at all for Facebook. Okay.

You're literally just going to create an ad set. You're put your copy and creatives and that's it. Okay.

And honestly, it'll probably just be different ads in the account. Boom. Here's all your ads and you turn off which ones are unprofitable and boom, that's it.

Okay. So I strongly believe that. So if you're still in adapted broad, you need to get on broad targeting because I strongly believe that Facebook will get to the point where there's no targeting at all.

Now here's the next thing. Here's where old body to buying tactics look at new media buying tactics. The old commonality or the old train of thought was that Facebook ads, just a targeting by your audiences.

Okay. The new thought about Facebook ads is that the ads do the targeting for you. And I strongly believe this because I have so much data to back it up.

Okay. So the creative and the copy that you create do the targeting for you. Okay.

The algorithm Facebook uses is extremely smart. Okay. There's tools now like going Google.

It's like this Google image thing where if you upload an image to Google, it'll tell you what color shirt the person's wearing. If the person's happy or sad, it'll tell you like different environmental factors and stuff like that. The algorithm is extremely smart to pick up what's an image and what's in a video.

Okay. Due to that, it can take that information and target people based upon that. Okay.

So if I'm, for example, we had an account where I put a female golfer in an ad and I'll put a male golfer in that. Both are identical targeting, both broad and both are identical copy and creative headlines. So the only difference is a female golfer versus a male golfer.

The male golfer ad got 95% of its spin to male audiences. The female golfer ad got 60. No, no, no.

It got 70% of its spin to female audience. And guess what? 30 to male.

Now, why did it go to male? Because come on, it's we're targeting golfer guys. And if they see a cute girl in a skirt playing golf, they're likely going to click on it and want to want to see it.

Okay. And guess what? Overall, the female off golfer ad performed amazing for the account because it reached two types of people and it brought us a lot, really good ROI.

Okay. So the algorithm is extremely smart. It's the same algorithm that understands what type of organic content to put on your feed every day.

You're not going in on your feed and saying, you know, Facebook ads to get Facebook ads. No, the fucking algorithm knows that you like Facebook ads because look guys, look there. The front camera on your phone recognizes your facial expressions as well of when you're looking at a reel on TikTok or Instagram reels and stuff like that.

So if you're consistently smiling, when you see a girl in the gym, that's why all of a sudden you're getting a lot of girls in the gym on your reels. Also your play time, you're watching your play time. If you watch girls in the gym, you know, 10 seconds versus everything else on that reel less than a second, guess what's going to put you more in your feed?

The old, the old ideology of just what you like and comment on is a false narrative. Okay. So you really need to focus on that.

So this is how broad targeting works. Broad targeting is leveraging what you have in your creative and your copy to be able to identify and, you know, resonate with your ideal audience. Okay.

And a lot of people are like, well, Nick, do I need to, uh, do I need to go ahead and like, you know, maybe, maybe run some audiences first? It's a brand new account. No, because the algorithm is smart enough to know that, Hey, here's what's in the ad.

Here's what we're going to push to in terms of people. And then what's going to happen next is that the algorithm again, at the end of the day, Facebook needs to make money. Okay.

Facebook needs to make money as the operators of business. So due to that, what happens is that Facebook's going to serve your ads to say, for example, a thousand people. Okay.

Out of those thousand people, 500 people hate that ad and 500 people will love it. Okay. This is your impressions.

Do you think Facebook as a business who needs to make money, will it serve that ad to 500 people that hate it or 500 people that love it? And you're correct. It's going to serve it to 500 people that love it.

And what's going to do, it's going to go find more people like that 500 people. And when it go, and it's going to continue to expand and grow that audience pool, people that like that ad and to continue to optimize. So when an ad doesn't work, it's not Facebook, it's your ads that you're creating that suck.

And I will articulate it like that because it's the truth. I'm not going to hold the truth back from you guys. So I want you guys to succeed.

It's not sure. It's not the algorithm. It's not the cut.

It's not the audience. It's the fact that you had bad copy, a bad creative or a bad product. And you need to fix one of those three.

I have a lot of videos to articulate that of how to fix that. Now, our focus is purely on the creative, the copy and the offer. And Ooh, don't even started on the offer because I know all you guys be like, well, Nick, I'm running a 10% off.

Everyone else is running a 20% off. Now your offer is, are you selling an iPhone four and an iPhone 13 market plus the price, plus the features, plus if there's any discounts or bonus and stuff like that, it's everything. It's everything in exchange for my money.

So that's very important right there. So you need to go improve your offer, your creative, your copy. And there's no longer the questions of, is it my audience or is it my creative?

Now it's, Hey, this creative copy didn't work. Let's test next. Then after 10 batches of ads, okay, Hey, we really might need to look at the offer because we've been testing a lot of different ad angles and stuff like that.

And you know, did we do research on the offer, which honestly the offer should be number one. Like when you start with Facebook, the first thing you need to be looking at is the offer or do we have an amazing offer for the market? That's your key thing right there.

So, but yeah, guys, um, I know kind of rambled a lot on a few key things, but this is the biggest thing I really want to point out was this broads, targeting and everything like that. I have a lot of videos, my channel articulating it. And I really hope it helps you guys a lot moment in this video right here, just because we're getting pretty close longer video, but let me know if y'all want me to cover more topics around this, but it's the biggest thing that's made the biggest impact in my performance this year.

Yeah, guys, thank y'all so much for watching. My name is Nick Therrio. Make sure to like button, hit that comment button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.