Having the right mentor in your circle can make a massive difference in your performance with Facebook ads and marketing overall. You can continue, you know, reading books and watching these YouTube videos and stuff like that, and you'll still ultimately achieve success. Don't get me wrong, but you can drastically shorten that period of time by actively working with a mentor and actively talking with them for a little time when you have problems and need solutions to give you specific advice to your situation to hit your goals.

And that is exactly why I don't have a course because I provide all this content completely for free for you guys on YouTube, but is also why I am launching a inner circle. And right now for Black Friday, Cyber Monday, you can get in for $500 a month when I typically charge a thousand dollars a month for this inner circle. I already have 10 members in it and I'm capping it at 25 just due to the workload and also wants to make sure that we're keeping exclusive enough to where I can give actual time and attention to each inner circle students.

And today I really want to showcase to you guys what this inner circle is and why it's so valuable to you guys. So again, $500 per month right now for Black Friday, Cyber Monday to get in there. It's going to be Black Friday, Cyber Monday, or it'll end once we get our 25 people in there.

So it's either Black Friday, Cyber Monday, we cap up everyone, boom, hit that 25 goal and we cut it, or we hit the goal a couple days after and we cut it once we hit that goal of 25 people. Then it's going to $1,000 per month. You'll have me in your corner.

Anytime you have any ad problems, any feedback on an ad, business strategy, things like that, you literally have me in your corner to really text me anytime when you need something for your help. So with this inner circle right here is literally a real-time group chat and plus weekly Q&A call with all my students. I also have in here a lot of SOPs for us that we follow for running ads, creating ads, things like that.

And right now we have like 10 students in here and we're limiting this at 25 just due to time, attention. I want to make sure I can give everyone my equal time and just full transparency. If you wanted to book an hour of my time, just off my schedule right now, I charge $500 for one hour and you'll get about four hours of my time when you're inside of here.

Yes, it won't be a one-on-one call, but through actively me replying to you in the group chat and the weekly Q&A calls, you're going to get roughly about four hours of my time. So really I could charge $2,000 a month if I wanted to for this, but I'm giving it to you guys for $500 a month for the first 25 people inside of here. Again, click link in the description to get access to this group, complete your payment and get inside the group today.

And just to go over everything you get, again, it's a 24 seven group chat, you know, take a screenshot of an ad, send it in there. Like I literally take exact ads we run for some of our case studies in here and literally give people the exact ads we run. Nope.

Nope. Blurring anything out. Like literally like here's the ad we just used to crush a million dollars in the last 30 days.

Boom. And you also get a weekly group Q&A call. Currently this is 10 AM central time.

Every Friday, it's an hour and a half call. Everyone joins. People can share their screen, showcase, show me campaigns and stuff.

I give real-time feedback. Also a few other members in there are very knowledgeable as well. And I've also helped out with other like just problems that maybe I couldn't even solve in that sense right there.

Lastly, we also do provide a lot of our SOPs inside the agency currently have about six to 10 different SOPs that we actively use inside of the agency inside of there for creating ads, not, not agency SOPs, but like actual SOPs around creating ads, ads management and things like that. And who's this for? Who's this not for?

This is for Facebook advertisers. You're actively advertising on Facebook business owners who are currently leveraging Facebook ads to grow their business. So you might be a Facebook advertiser that works with a lot of clients and you actively want to improve your Facebook ads, or maybe you're a business owner, Shopify business owner.

It's a lot of Shopify business owners in here that are actively growing their business and just want more of that real-time feedback of what they can do. And lastly, it's just marketing geeks, people who have a passion in marketing, just like me, and want to continue to expand that skill set. Now, who's this not for?

This is not for agency owners. If you're going to join this group with a pure intention of learning how to grow an agency, this is not for you. Now, if you are an agency owner and want to learn how to improve your client results around Facebook ads, this is for you.

But if you're an agency owner wanting to know, Hey, Nick, how do I call our more clients? Or, Hey, Nick, I have a client that's X, Y, Z, you know, should I fire them? Like, look, that's not really the place here.

The place here is for marketing and advertising. Next is lazy people. If you're lazy, if you're not actively being proactive and actually reaching out for questions and things like that, then this is not a group for you.

Okay. You, you know, actively need to be proactive on asking questions about your campaigns and stuff like that. And from there, then that'll give you your best ROI.

If you just sit back and do nothing, you're not going to see a good ROI from this group. And lastly, as people who can't follow instructions. Okay.

I've, you know, if you join in and I tell you what to do and you sit there and question everything I tell you to do, we're not a good fit at all. Okay. I'll actively tell you what to do.

And if you, you know, maybe you need a question or two, just to clarify that specific action. That's great. But I don't deal with people that sit down and question everything I do.

It's just not the type of people I like to work with. And the reason why is because every circle I'm in the people who sit there and question literally everything about everything. It's, it's, it's a good instinct for some people.

I get just a good trade for some people, but some people, it just, it gets in the way of them being successful. Okay. Now imagine what would it do to your business?

If every time you had an ad problem, you could reach out to a group of advertisers. Plus me, you get immediate feedback on what to do. Okay.

Maybe you have a problem with a campaign. You can't get a good cost per acquisition. Cool.

Share those creative, share the copy, and we can actively provide feedback to you of things you can actively do to improve that. How much faster could you overcome barriers you've been stuck at for months under the guidance of someone who's been there before many times and overcame? I've been in your situation.

I've been running Facebook ads since 2015. I've spent over $10 million on Facebook ads. I've encountered three, every single problem.

And I know what to do to overcome that. So what, how much faster could you speed up your success rate? If you know all these problems, I know you're going to face over the next few months.

I can help you overcome in one month and boom. Now you're drastically growing at a much faster rate. What ad ideas do you think you would get for ads from someone who has done nearly $40 million online with Facebook ads?

So I've done almost 40 million, probably 50 million now with Facebook ads since I've actually recorded this the last time. And what ad, what ad ideas would you get? Like, how could I help you out with different ad ideas for your product that could drastically boost the performance for your account?

Now, again, you're probably wondering why am I credible to, to, you know, one, join this group? Like why am I credible to learn under me? Then over $40 million online revenue with Facebook ads, spent $4.5 million just in the first half of 2022 alone.

And, you know, we're meta business partners, not that really matters or anything like that. We've helped the client do $840,000 literally in 21 days with Shopify and Facebook ads. We've helped brands like GrittySoul go from negative on ads to $2.8 million in 15 months.

We've helped brands like Masa go from $1,000 per day in spin to $18,000 per day at spin at profitable KPIs for a legion client. And Icon Amsterdam, where we literally did $4.7 million over nine months of us working together. So, and Blackhold, we took them from $17,000 per month to over $230,000 per month in less than 12 months against a subscription supplement right here.

So again, just to recap, once you sign up to this group, or you're going to get a weekly Q and a call with me and everyone else as well. It's a group call. Okay.

Just make sure you clarify that. And you're also going to 24 seven group chat. Anytime you have a question or problem, drop a link to an ad, we'll, you know, review it for you, like just help you out with the specific problem you are overcoming.

Again, once you click the link below, you're going to come to this little page right here to where you can actually fill out your information, your billing information. It's $500 per month. If you get in before the 25 people or BFCM is over again, it's either 25 people or Black Friday, Cyber Monday, because if we, you know, literally hit 25 people in that first day, the last 15 spots on Friday, the day I'm uploading this video, then it'll be over before the Black Friday, Cyber special is up.

So you need to get in ASAP. Okay. And again, it's $500 billed every 30 days.

You can cancel anytime. Literally just message me on Telegram. Hey, Nick, not really seeing any value cancel.

Literally every single person in this group has literally said, just in the first two days, they've gotten more value than the $500. Like you'll literally get access to 10 different SOPs immediately. Once you pay the 500 bucks and join the Telegram group chat, click the file section of Telegram group chat.

And I literally have all of a lot of SOPs around creating ads. Okay. Just make sure clarify that.

Once you complete this page, it's going to take you to a thank you for your order page. And you're going to click to join now right here for this Telegram group. And inside of here, this is where you actually be able to join the Telegram group, which will have all the information around our weekly Q and a call, which is Fridays, 10 AM CST and the active group chat inside of there to where you can introduce yourself and start seeing, you know, start actively solving some of your problems that you have right now.

So again, click link in the description. This is Friday today, Black Friday today. So hope you guys are crushing with your Facebook ads and everything like that.

Again, I don't know how many spots be left once you see this video. So make sure you click the link below, get in while you can. Literally, you're going to get probably four or $5,000 a month of value for literally $500 a month up until the first 25 students.

And after that, I'm raising the price to $1,000 per month for any student after the first 25. So just make sure you're fully aware of that. I also don't know when I'm going to open the circle up again.

So we'll hit that 25 people, and then it'll probably be roughly January, February. We'll open it up again to go from 25 to 50. And those people are going to be paying $1,000 per month to get in.

So just full transparency of that. So make sure you click the link to the description below. I'll see you guys in the inner circle.