I put our Facebook ad strategy up against four other Facebook ad strategies and say the least, we are four and O where we basically beat four different strategies with our particular strategy, which is basically running single campaign, broad targeting, you know, and just focusing on creatives. So today I'm actually breaking down the four case studies or the four kind of examples in that case right there, just to share that with you guys. So I'm filming this not from a way of, Hey, we're bragging or anything like that.

You know, not really trying to send that type of message here. I'm simply just trying to articulate to you guys what we're currently doing has been working amazing for us for the last year and a half now. And secondly, it gives you more confidence in your actions to just pick a strategy and stay with it and just focus on ads.

So that way you have more confidence in the actions you're taking is the best course of actions to take. Now, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I run a Facebook ads agency. I've done over $50 million in online revenue for my clients.

I also coach and mentor students as well. I have links below for both of that, whether to work with us or to essentially, you know, basically be mentored by me. Now, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video.

Okay. So leading Facebook ad strategy defeats rivals. So yeah, so I got four scenarios where basically put our strategy up against someone else, all very different scenarios.

And I'm going to explain all of them. This is not really tested and probably the perfect environment. And there is probably some variables here that could have affected the results else wise, but I want to go and explain each one to you guys to be as transparent as possible as my goal here.

So scenario number one, we ran this through May, March 17th through March 19th. Okay. In this particular scenario right here, we've been working with this account now for 90 days.

Okay. And over the course of 90 days, we've been testing a lot of new ads and everything. And realistically, we're at the point where it's, you know, restructuring the offer and making a new offer to make it new appealing.

And I'm not talking about the offer as in like 10% off, 30% off, talking about just how we position that product and what that product is in that sense right there. The second thing we're also looking at is where are we going wrong from a creative standpoint and how can we test something drastically new? And we have some drastically new stuff actually coming into this account post filming this video.

Okay. And basically at this particular point, the client got, you know, just a little, I guess you could say, you know, wanting to kind of speed things up in that case right there. And this particular client wants to launch their old structure just to see if our strategy was the best course of action.

Okay. Purely just from a point of, Hey, we've been working on this a while and we're not seeing anything tremendously better. Okay.

So they relaunched their structure, their strategy in that case right there. And their old structure was an ABO campaign with a shitload of interest, like one interest per ad sets and basically like a bunch of creatives per ad sets and just like literally crazy amount, crazy amount of ad sets all at $50 a day. Okay.

And during this period of time right there, they ended up spending about $2,100 with cost per purchase of $545, where we spent about $1,800 acquired 13 customers at $144 during the same period of time. So this is one for all you guys who like to do ABO, a bunch of interests, a bunch of ad sets in that case right there. For us, we've been consistently doing prospecting, broad CBO.

And I'm going to explain our strategy at the end of this video as well. For all those who haven't seen it yet on the channel, maybe you're new or something like that, then I'm essentially explain that later. Okay.

So this is, again, this is going ABO with a bunch of different interests. So one interest per ad set, shitload of ad sets, creatives in all the ad sets. And you're just kind of like turning on and turning off and an adjusting budget on the winners right there.

So this client burnt, I think roughly about, I don't know, I'll say about $2,000, you know, during this period of time right there, made about $400 off of this and lost about, yeah, about $1,700. Where for this one right here, you know, an hour, I think they literally broke even at a 1.1 X one hours right there. Again, something we're improving, still working on, but just to show you when, you know, you're dealing with a client that, you know, maybe we've gotten like, Hey, a little antsy, want to speed things up.

Not, not, you know, not really confident in the actions. And then purely that's the reason why we let this particular client go ahead and test this because we wanted to give them that confidence that, Hey, what we're doing is the most, you know, the best course of action for your business. Okay.

Now scenario number two, another interesting one, this particular client right here, they were working with a, you know, Google ads agency that was also handling the TikTok ads and also handling the email marketing. So we're the only one doing Facebook and he has another agency handling three other channels. Okay.

Now we've been with this client for a while now. Client has nothing but good to say about our brand, you know, in that particular case right there, but this other agency was already doing everything else. And basically said, Hey, can we just do an ad account audit?

No big deal. Like the other agency, which is us is doing great. Then like, you know, we'll just send you on the way.

So they took a look at the account and they said, Hey, you know, Nick and this team are just doing one campaign. There's nothing really going on here. One CBO, you know, broad targeting, which is super inefficient, blah, blah, blah.

And then, you know, basically just pointed out a bunch of problems on our strategy. One being single campaign, second problem being broad targeting, quote unquote, no retargeting, quote unquote, all that good stuff. Okay.

So during this exact period of time, you know, we spent about $10,000 to make back about, you know, $16,000 in that case right there. Again, that's triple well reported in that case right there. They spent, you know, $1,100 to make back, you know, 0.42, so about $400 or $500.

They also spent on this particular campaign, middle funnel and bottom funnel to make, spent $800 to make about a 1.4 X ROAS. Now again, middle funnel, bottom funnel spent $800, 1.4 X. That's the best thing they've had to perform in that case right there.

Whereas we spent almost 10 grand at a 1.6. Okay. So middle funnel funnel scrapped.

We did test this one particular campaign right here and I was just running a new advertorial in that case right there. And just, we wanted to test a new landing page. That's all this was.

Didn't work. So we cut it. Okay.

They also had this top of funnel, you know, scaling campaign where you spend about $500, make back nothing in that case right there. Yeah. Then like another retargeting campaign made nothing.

And then this was us testing a new product right there. We spent about $200 on new product. Okay.

But the primary focus here is that what's driving the main performance and bringing the most sales, 80% of sales every day to the business is our current campaign and is performing the best in that case right there. Okay. Now again, we don't do retargeting anymore.

We do simply broad targeting. We only exclude purchase 30 days and we just have a bunch of ads in there that have different messaging to hit all the different points of the sales funnel. So this is scenario number two from here.

Clearly good to go. The only thing that upset me with the, uh, the agency is that they literally the way they kind of attacked our strategy. And at the end of the day said, Hey, we beat any agency we work with, work against.

We also work 24 seven. So like, you know, we're the best to go to, um, when in this case they did a few creative testing. They barely launched their middle fund or top funnel campaign, but yeah.

Hey, look, I'm totally cool with it. And then also to the campaign structure, they pitched to the client was our exact campaign structure that we were running in 2020. I even copied that video and sent it to the client and told the client, Hey, like we can easily set all that up.

We used to do that. The reason why we do what we do now is because it's the most efficient way to run ads. I even showed the timestamps on those videos are released just to show them that, Hey, we used to do this.

It's just, it's not as efficient anymore. Now scenario number three, this is actually a very interesting one. So number three, right here, this particular client was running their own ads.

So there's no agencies involved or anything like that. Okay. So in January and the prior months before January, they were running their own ads.

So nothing, nothing new. Okay. Um, now in January, we came in on board on February 1st and then I just put February 4th to March 16th.

So it's about 45 days. And in January, they did about a 1.1 ROAS. This is specifically just Facebook.

It's not overall, by the way, I spent $57,000. They made back about $12,000 or negative $12,000. So they actually lost $12,000 on that.

Um, after you take their college shipping ads, and all that stuff like that. And then over three months, they made back negative $4,000. Okay.

So that's a huge loss for them. Now from February 1st to March 16th, 45 days of us working together, we brought that ROAS to about ROAS up to about 1.95 ad spend, $133,000 we spent to make them about $48,000 over 45 days comes out to about $1,000 a day in profit. We're making them and over three months period of time, we're going to make them $81,000.

Now, again, this is not making $48,000 and then making $81,000. This is making $48,000. And then those customers you acquired over that month period of time turns into about $81,000 as they increase in value.

So we actually only make them about $33,000 more in profit over that three month period of time. All we did for this account was simply go ahead and take all their campaigns. They don't, just a ton of campaigns in our accounts.

Um, one campaign per product, it's a clothing brand. And they had like 10 campaigns. It's a middle funnel, bottom funnel campaigns.

It just crazy. It was super, super cluttered. We took everything.

We turned it all off. We launched a single CBO campaign, CBO broad targeting as the main ad set. And we took their top six to seven best performing ads, draw from that one campaign, put a CBO budget, and it started increasing the budget.

One ad set, the couple ads, and that's it. That's all we did. And then now I think we're spending $4,000 a day on Facebook.

And we're also going ahead and testing new ad concepts in the account to further improve performance. Um, and also further to, um, you know, just be able to scale the account. And lastly, we're also heavily focused on that three month customer, um, LTV, because if you look at it, their AOV is $57 or their three month customer value is $67.

So we're trying to improve that more. They're doing a new drop, two new drops every month now. So that's also going to greatly increase this, which is going to greatly increase that three month value, which is also going to, um, allow us to spend more at close to break.

Even my goal is to spend like 300 K make back zero on day one, but make back like three, 400 K in profit over the next three months. That's my goal. So that's scenario number three, right there.

Another account with which we completely took over, took over transformed using our exact strategy that we did in this one, this one, and then this one. Okay. Now this is a lead generation account.

This is a tricky scenario. Okay. So let me fully transparent with you guys.

Um, this is one of our lead generation accounts. Uh, we spent, you know, 5.5 or 4.5, something like that. It's like 4.5 or $5.5 million in 2022.

In this account, we helped them hit every single KPI, every goal they had for their business in 2020. Okay. Now, January, 2023, they reached out to us and said, Hey, we're gonna have another agency in the account working with you guys working with 10% of your spend.

Now their claim is that they're launching a new product, um, completely whole new, like the vision, their business. And they just want to work with a second agency for that division. And that way we can focus on this other division that we've been focused on.

Okay. Makes sense from a business level and all that. Now, one thing that I do stand awful bit by that is that, Hey, if they saw better performance, quote unquote, then in these particular campaigns, the second agency launched while they were just testing their abilities, there probably would have been a great part of them that said, Hey, well, do we even need Nick's team, Nick and his team to continue to run ads?

Okay. So I made sure we put our war hat war hats on and we went hard and made sure that they were getting unparalleled service performance, all that good stuff right there. Okay.

Now we honestly didn't change much because we were already doing that form, but we just made sure that the team was even more focused than ever before. Okay. Now during this period of time, we spent $566,000 and this is over the course of about 45 days.

Okay. This is over 45 days. Okay.

So we spent in our campaign, which is NTR new tofu rural, we spent $566,000 to generate about $40 cost per lead. Okay. Now on the backend, this comes out to about $36, $37.

Okay. And then for them, they had tofu evergreen millifunnel, bomb a funnel, creative testing engagement, and something else that's not pictured here is they did. I want to say they did have a second middle funnel, bomb funnel, but I don't know.

Um, I don't, the way I screenshot it, it was by just, um, currently active. So, but anyway, they ended up having a $2 and 81 cent cheaper cost per lead $2 and 81 cents. Okay.

Now granted they spent just over a hundred thousand dollars comes out to about $105,000 where we spent $566,000. So we spent five times more, you know, almost six times more than them in ad spend. And they generated a lead cheaper by $2 and 89 cents.

Okay. Why is that good to look at? Because yes, our lead was $2 and 89 cents more expensive than them, but we also spent close to six times more.

If they go in six X their spin right now, and they're not that far behind us, only $2 and 89 cents behind us based off my experience working with this account, they would never be able to hold the same CPL at our spin. Okay. Now, Nick, what did y'all do different?

Well, we focus on ads and that's the main thing. All of our accounts, you know, besides this one, cause this one was just a quick boom, boom. All of these accounts, the amazing wins that we've had and the ability to maintain performance has been by just focusing on creative strategy, consistently launching new and better creative concepts and stuff like that.

And one thing that I've recognized with either with this account and this account is that these are the only two accounts on our roster that we don't consistently get new content in like fresh, brand new films content. These are probably two accounts in our agency that just keeps getting the same content reedited with new hooks and stuff like that. And it doesn't really move the needle that much.

So that's why we've been pushing hard to get brand new content on both these accounts. And I'm actually really, you know, happy to maybe do another video in about a couple of weeks with showing you guys the transformation of these two accounts with the fresh new content we're getting in that case right there. So just goes to show right there.

If you know, maybe you're using the prospecting CBO. Again, I do one CBO per country. If I have multiple products for the store, I try just to focus on the one or two products.

More products does not mean better performance or like more products actually like, you know, all of my stores, I just focus on one to three of the best selling products and just push those hard as possible for a customer acquisition side. And I start looking at this to model everything like this. So again, if you're questioning our strategy, we do one campaign, one main ad set where we keep all the winning ads to max testing assets with new ads.

So like I'll create a new ad set, dump new ads in it. If it doesn't work at all, turn it off. If it works, I'll copy those, turn that ad set off and move them into my main ad set.

And then boom. Okay. All broad targeting.

And then this forces you to focus on better ads and improving other parts of the business like retention. Okay. That's all I'm doing.

I'm just making you focus purely on the what moves the needle, which is better ads and better retention. And if you want to know more about our strategy of how to exactly run the ad account, here's a full video, broad targeting dynamic creatives, 2023 tutorial. And you can actually go and watch this video and actually go step-by-step in the ad account of exactly how we set up broad targeting, dynamic creative testing, all that good stuff for your business.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Curious what your thoughts and opinions and stuff about these four different scenarios in that case right there. Hopefully this gives you a little more confidence with different structures and strategies that went up against ours right there.

It helps really align your focus as well of exactly what drives the needle and everything like that within your business. So thank you guys so much for watching. My name is Nick Theriault and hit that like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.