I'm finally facing it all, fearless Music Music Music Music Music Welcome to the vlog, just finished editing yesterday's video actually so now we can actually start getting some stuff done. We do have a big day for him, he's going to be eating today and I do need to catch up on some work for Taylor Solutions in a few minutes but but but, I do have a package here that I'm very interested in testing out so this package right here is actually a ND filter, a variable ND filter which I've been wanting for a while now just because ever since I got this camera it's really exposed during the day so the ND filter is pretty much going to be like sunglasses for your camera basically That's basically it right there and I ordered it from Best Buy and I literally got it in two day shipping so now let's put it on and then we're going to go take some test footage outside with it this is currently just a UV filter I have on here and it's really just to protect the lens and then then let's wow this is it's really right so it's actually this is the the the the the the the the the the the you so that's pretty much it of the nd filter uh i my conclusion with it it's going to be an amazing piece for when i'm going to do photography which i don't really do like photography for like as a business i just enjoy taking cool pictures with me my friends my girlfriend uh that's that's what i do so this thing is going to pretty much stay on my shelf and then if i want to do like a photo shoot or something like that i'm going to bring it with me or maybe i'm doing a lot of outside video that day it's definitely not going to stay on the camera all the time because even though it's a variable uh it goes from one to eight in the stops of light and right now this is currently zero and it's perfect quality especially i'm doing a lot of shooting in the house and i noticed just with one that was a little bit more ice iso had to go up and it caused a little bit more grain and noise in the image it's not crystal clear so that's one thing why i'm not going to keep it on the camera all the time but yet it's still going to have a special place um in my tool bag welcome to today's workout i think i'm actually going to do just kind of like a whole of the camera like this actually kind of talk through it says on a commentary currently still sipping on some ghost pre about to go ahead and do 10 minutes on the i want to say elliptical or stairmaster go ahead and do 10 little minutes on the bike get it set up it's pretty cool right here it's pretty easy just to kicks on and stuff do 10 minutes get warmed up and stuff and today we'll actually be doing a arm workout a little bit of abs and a little bit of calves so i'm not going to go too crazy on arms because i need to compensate for the abs and the calves too so we'll kind of see how it goes on and we'll do our best first exercise storming up and uh yeah as you can see i was really trying to focus on the squeeze then slowly coming up maximize the the weight i have because a this is not heavy really heavy at all this is probably roughly 40 pounds about to guess that's what it feels like and i gotta maximize the use gravity and resistance i like it's tough i cut my brakes short just so i can keep up that um intensity slowly slow come up down squeeze tight like that feels good do four sets of 10 right here exercise i'm jumping into is just a straight uh single arm tricep push down feel like a kick back really looks a little squeeze this feels really good set upper head just slight bend forward squeeze the back those triceps activated all right next thing i'm going to do is go straight into a tricep oh skull pressure i'm not sure how this is going to go out this is whatever you're done normal you do you see for triceps we'll see yeah no definitely a glider this is easily 80 pounds normally used to go on uh like 60 at most but then it's too light so we'll just focus on our form now i could come there and possibly do take this little set up and do something with uh bands to help add some extra weight mini absolutely and so today so i think what Not gonna lie guys, today is definitely one of the states that I'm really trying to push myself. I got a headache.

Just not getting out of sleep last night. I was hurt. That's one of those frontal loo headaches.

I'm just trying what I can. So just to be raw and transparent with you guys. But we're still gonna make this happen.

And I'm not stopping at all. That's what I'm saying. I'm just saying like hey, I accept that I'm feeling bad.

But I can still push through it and keep moving forward. Alright, next move we're gonna jump into is a tricep overhead raise. So grab my little chair right here.

Show you guys what I'm gonna do. I'm actually gonna take a ban. I feel like I could get a better squeeze on that.

I'm gonna take a ban. This is a super simple setup right here. Literally just your ban and stuff.

Under the chair. It goes. And just like that.

Boom. Up. Up.

Up. I don't know why the fuck I'm saying that. That works really good.

Hit the tricep another way. We're gonna do this last tricep exercise. It'll start with biceps.

I am running a little behind right now on the time I have for this. But we're making it happen guys. The next step exercise we're gonna jump right into is simply just a banded curl.

Put your feet on the band. I know I can't get all this on frame but there you go. The only reason why I'm doing this is just to get the bicep activated.

The first step exercise is just to get the bicep activated. The first step exercise is to get the bicep activated. The first step exercise is to get the bicep activated.

Take a second. The first step exercise we're gonna go into is just simply a reverse grip. The first step exercise is to get the bicep exercise.

The first step exercise is to get the bicep exercise. You can do these with bands too but because I have a V-bar right here. I'm gonna use the V-bar.

That feels good. There we go. Let's get you a nice, honestly I forgot what it's called.

It's like your bronchitis muscle. It's like what we call that. I normally wait until the end of my workout to do that but always get lazy not do it.

Alright, so I'm actually going to try something now. I got my red band. Try to put it on this barbell.

And then put my feet under the band. So it adds more resistance to... Adds more weight basically.

See how that goes. Oh yeah. Perfect.

You can actually do this with a lot of different movements right here. Alright. Come there now.

I'm gonna try to sit forward on the chair a little bit. I think the strongest chair ever. But I want just a little bit of leaning so that way it's like I'm on an incline bench.

And then just focus. I want the people continue to do. If you değil us and letting us know, really, are the things that we aim for are the way.

That it's definitely sustainable. And then there's a big demand that we can Leuten, which we will continue weight. On it yet, definitely be esa zaman, repeatedly, going over.

Also seeing how that creates this barbell, which the golf cart will work needles, things they can get there. Now this is really big. Then there's the most common trend we are trying to do.

To throw all the wheels though. And from the current floor, I have to set that by step back up now and be já doing a bit. Anyone else?

I guess was it and serves one-gum-loan? At this point in the air by setting. 국a people fromやってнего that since it immediately.

At this point, it's got relaxed and lowering it. That feels really good getting that peak without having your arms swaying like that. So it puts just a little bit more strain and pressure on that bicep.

Feels good. So it's not as long as I can't breathe. So I can't breathe.

So I can't breathe. So I can't breathe. So I can't breathe.

So I can't breathe. So I can't breathe. It burns.

Water snakes and stuff. They look kind of close to it. So it could have also just been a big ass rat snake.

Yeah. Why are you taking them out? Why are you taking them out?

Oh really? Yeah. Hope you guys enjoyed that workout.

Kennedy just got here. So we are going to go pick up some snake food. And then yeah that's the plan right now.

So let's go to Petco. It's been a little while now and this vlog is pretty much commenting in. But basically the last clip y'all saw where we are headed to Petco.

So I'm actually going to play a few clips now. Just I filmed it with my iPhone for my Instagram story. We fed Phoenix.

Viewer, description is the vise. You're about to see a snake eat a mouse. Don't worry.

It's a dead mouse. So just kind of quickly skip forward if you don't want to see it. If not, here it is.

Boom. Boom. Hi, Ari.

Come on. Come on. Come on.

Come on. Come on. You sweet boy.

Oh my gosh. But yeah. So cool.

Phoenix is fed and if you don't know anything about a snake, you feed him only once a week. And he is chilling now. He is big time chilling.

Inside his cage. Nice and fed. And then we put this.

I don't know if you see his little like things that go up. Boom. Boom.

Boom. It's called a jungle vine. I kind of just tossed it in there for now.

But I got to redo his bedding in like a week. So then I'm going to kind of like try to, you know, maybe curl it up up here. So that way he has some like, I'm trying to get him elevated to where he can like kind of two layers in his cage.

Because pretty much everything like from below my hand or from right of my hand up here is useless. And then everything below is what he stays at. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

And hope you guys enjoy. Since this will be going up on Easter Sunday. Hope you guys enjoy your time with your family and stuff.

And really, I don't know. I feel for everyone who doesn't get to see some of their family for Easter. I mean some people look up to holidays.

It's like the day they get to see their family and stuff. They look up to that day of happiness and stuff. Seeing their relatives they haven't seen in a while.

And a lot of people might do that this year. So I really feel for everyone who is struggling with that. And I hope you guys find some way to make the most of the day.

And enjoy your time with your family and stuff. Thank you for watching. Make sure you like, drop a comment below and subscribe.

I'll talk to you guys tomorrow.