Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to another video. I wanted to go over this past weekend.

It was a pretty chill weekend. So, starting off, check out the sick clip though of DJ's car. Finally getting, this is my first time riding a Dodge Charger, or second time riding a Dodge Charger.

And launch control, just check it out. Check it out. Launch in the grass.

Why are you going this way? Hey, there's a neighborhood right there. So, I don't know how yours works, but so on the ours, you just activate it and you just hold the brake down, and you got to put the throttle all the way to the ground.

So, yeah. So, yeah. So, it was pretty insane.

Saturday was interesting. All I basically did was to start off the day with doing some work, then went over to Kennedy's, and we'll jump right now. Yo, what's up YouTube?

How are you today? It's currently like 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and just getting the vlog started. I already got all my work done this morning, and was pretty busy this morning, and never really picked up the camera, but we're getting everything going.

Right now, I'm about to fix up some food, and bring some over to Kennedy. At the same time, also, too, we're going to be heading over to her house. I need to get out the house.

I'm going crazy, so we're going to head over to her place. And we also have a few other things to take care of. I do need to stop at, like, a Target or a Walmart and pick up a, like, external hard drive because these vlogs are just taking up so much space on my computer.

I mean, we're going to pick up, like, probably, like, a 5 terabyte hard drive. I've been seeing some of those. Maybe even a 2 terabyte.

I don't know. We need something for managing all that. So, we're going to run and pick that up, and then take care of a few other things.

So, I'll show you guys really quick what I made. It's called a chicken buffalito. If you've ever been to Buffalo Wild Wings, they serve that over there.

And that's kind of where I got the inspiration from. It's pretty much just, like, cheese, melted and served tortilla, chicken, buffalo sauce, like, ranch or sour cream, depending on which one you want to do. I personally prefer sour cream, but we didn't have any, so I just used ranch, pico de gallo, and some lettuce.

Nice and just flip it over. Hopefully, there's about a 15, 20 minute drive at our house. Hopefully.

Just keep it nice and warm for. Alright, let's throw some heat in the engine real quick. Do not walk in front of my car.

That's the last thing you should do is walk in front of my car. Because I'm with you. I'm crazy.

Do not walk in front of my car. Let's do not park like an ass. The whole world's going to see that you park like an ass.

Don't show them that I park like an ass. We're going to try to find some... Some Legos.

Some Legos. And then we're going to go do her routine at Target. We're going to do that.

We're going to go find Lego class. And I'm hopefully going to find a hard drive. And yeah, so let's see how this goes.

Literally reaching for my keys to lock my car. We're in your car. Good to know.

Good to know. In Target and trying not to touch anything at all. What about...

What does the guys think about just... Walking around the store with your girlfriend? What do you guys do while walking through Target?

We're going to get the Legos that I like. I don't like Star Wars Legos. Can't get Star Wars Legos.

What type are we going to get? I like these. Cars.

The car ones? Okay, good. I like the architecture ones and then I like the car ones.

I like that one, but that's 100 bucks for that. That is huge. That is huge.

I love the car stuff. I like the architecture ones. Those are cool.

Like I want the... They don't have it, but they have like the Eiffel Tower one. What type of Legos y'all think we should get?

Let's see. This one. That's the one I was looking at.

The red. Ferrari. I like this one.

Yeah, we could just get like each a car. Yeah. Oh, you get two cars?

Yeah, they're both Jaguars. No, no, the reason why I'm saying this is that is because it's like $20 a piece. Yeah.

Then we get two cars for $30. $30. Look at you being smart.

Solid update. We got the cars. Hell yes.

It's for you. All right, what is this? It's a galleta.

It's a cookie. We're trying galletas, guys. It's literally just a cookie, but it's really good.

It's a Guatemalan cookie. It's from Guatemala. From Guatemala.

They've been in my car for a month, so I hope they're good. It's literally just a cookie, but it's good. It's not a cookie, though.

Oh. I'm telling you. Well, guys, I made the rest of my galletas.

Galletas. I'm currently at Jet Coffee. Picking up some iced coffee.

And fortunately, Target didn't have what I needed, so we're going to stop at Best Buy. They had what I needed. So technically, we went.

We did get our Legos, though. It's also a major. We did get Legos.

Major key. We did these leather seats. All right, guys.

If y'all have never been to Jet Coffee, and you're from Lafayette, and watch the vlog, highly recommend it because they have some of the best coffee. Ice coffee? Ice coffee.

In Lafayette. Highly recommend. Check it out.

I'm also going 70. I got the Carmela. Normally get the Jet Fuel.

She got the Jet Fuel today. I got a cup right there. Stop speeding.

He's coming for you. He's coming for you. And I always get mine.

I always get, like, CC's doesn't do this, and I always go to CC's, but I love getting mine blended when it's the option. It's just shaved ice. It's kind of like a snowball, essentially, instead of, like, your regular ice cream stuff comes out so good.

It's actually trying. This is, like, all caramel. Caramel.

I've never said caramel. I've never said caramel. That's so good.

They have something like this at McDonald's, where it's caramel. I can't compare Jet Fuel to McDonald's. Best Buy was closed.

They're open, but it's like pickup only. I don't feel like waiting an hour for them to go in the store and get it and stuff like that. You have to order online.

So I'm just going to order from Amazon because I feared that Amazon was going to delay it right now. So a lot of packages are delayed. But for that particular thing, it's still apparently an essential item.

Don't know how. And it still comes on time. So I'm just going to order that and wait like two days and it comes in.

Now we're going to go build our Lego set and some other stuff. Now that was pretty much it for Sunday. I didn't really record too much.

Basically, like I said, we went through a lot of errands and went back to Kennedy's and we pretty much just chilled at Kennedy's and watched movies. We didn't even build our Legos. We both kind of just were like drained and tired.

So yeah, now Sunday, Sunday was pretty interesting, but I ended up not recording Sunday. But got some really cool stuff to show you from Sunday. And it's not going to be today's video.

It's going to be today's tomorrow's video. So please drop a like on this video if you're prepared to see what I got in store for you guys tomorrow. It's nothing business related.

It's actually I got a new pet and this pet I've been wanting is probably for just a few months now. And it's probably one of the weirdest pets I think anyone would own. It's really freaking cool though.

So drop a like, drop a comment of what you can guess this pet is. And we'll see you guys tomorrow.