Today we'll be going over how one of my students was able to scale from literally $20 a day to spending over $2,000 a day with Facebook ads, doing over $150,000 a month in revenue with their Shopify store. So with that being said, let's dive right into the video. Thank you for joining me today, man.

I know we just got done going over your ad account, giving you some feedback and everything like that, that you got going on. Before we kind of hop into everything, do you want to kind of just tell people who you are and what do you do? Yeah.

So basically I do e-com. Majority is only doing ads. So yeah, I just do e-com full time for the last two months.

Before that, I was just working a job for the last three years, but I got laid off. And at that time I got laid off just before that I bought the course and it really changed my business. Like literally if I could blow up the graph, like I think you have the screenshot before and after, since I bought the course, it really exploded everything.

So yeah, I've been able to live off e-com, which is a blessing to me because this is what I've been dreaming of for so long. And yeah, all thanks to the course and yourself. Obviously there's a lot of gurus in the space, but I don't think that a lot of them in general provide like value as you deliver.

Now Jack, so you told me that you, you have an e-com store. Um, and what are you currently doing right now in monthly revenue? Between, uh, 120 to $130,000 a month.

120, $130,000. Uh, that's amazing. First off, congratulations.

There's very few people for the six figure month mark. So huge congratulations on that. Now I know you said you were working a job, you bought the course and then, you know, you were able to scale from there.

I'm just, I'm just curious though, like before you bought the course, were you already, did you already have your store? Were you drop shipping? What were you at before you bought the course?

Yeah. I had my course. I was still drop shipping.

So basically a year before that I went into debt because I didn't know like pay that game, ROAS, CPA and everything. So I went into debt and like, I love the game so much. I was still watching videos, but I was not touching e-com because I had bills.

I wasn't living with my parents and, um, through my debt, went to Miami, went to see some good friends of mine that were really successful in e-com and just seeing the people over there, how they live and everything. So I had like $5,000 Canadian saved. And I was like, okay, I see, I've seen your course and I was like, okay, I have $5,000 in my name.

So I'm broke. But even if I spend this on a course, I'm still broke. So it doesn't change anything.

Yeah, exactly. So I was like, let me do it. And I spent the money and it was the best ROI money because like literally changed my life.

It changed my life. So crazy ROI. I'm right there.

So yeah, you're about 5k left in the bank. Canadian. Obviously you were already following me on Twitter, YouTube.

Yeah. Twitter, YouTube, watching your videos and everything. And, um, yeah, that's pretty much it.

I was also like, I was like solution aware in this stage of, you know, I was looking at people's like funnels courses and I've been pitched a lot of things and I was just like, let me try this guy. And, uh, it's worked well. Now let me ask you this.

So at the time, yeah, you're basically, you're broke by the course and everything. Now, did you already have your store set up at this time? Yeah, I already had it set up.

I was still testing, but I was very, very not profitable at all. And, uh, I think like in three months I was, I was only spending $20 a day and three months I've lost like maybe a thousand bucks. And from there when, once I bought the course, I've been able to scale in the rest is history.

Nice. And when was this? So when were you kind of at this, what you said, like $20, $30 a day you were spending on Facebook ads and then you bought the course.

What, what time I know we're in what, uh, May, 2025 right now, where were you at when you kind of got in the course and everything? I got the course in August, the last week of August, last year. So yeah, I was running this store since I opened the store in last week of May.

So it's almost been a year now, but I started running ads on June 20th. Nice. Nice.

So you got the course in August of 2024 last week. So let's just say September, October, November, December, uh, January, February, March, April. Oh, so what?

About eight months now, eight months. Yeah. From $20, $30 a day, all the way up to you're spending what?

$1,000 a day now on ads. I spent $2,000. $2,000.

Oh, my bad. Yeah. Didn't mean to, uh, no worries.

No worries. So basically within eight months, you were not able to 10X, but basically a hundred X the daily ad spend that you were spending on a day-to-day basis. Now, now let me ask you this.

Obviously there's tons of videos online teaching people how to run Facebook ads and everything. And you know, you were following me and stuff like that. One, why'd you choose me in the sense of, Hey, all these people run new Facebook ads, you know, Nick has a course.

Why'd you go for next course versus some of these other people? Uh, because most of these other people are like flexing their lifestyle. And I feel like the most quiet in the room is the one you have to watch, you know?

So like you weren't flexing and everything. So I was just like, okay, let me try this guy because obviously he doesn't sell a lifestyle and he doesn't sell a lifestyle or whatever identity. So I just bought the course and yeah, pretty, pretty much work because in my experience, I've bought other men like discord memberships and it was from other people that were like promoting, flexing, whatever.

And it was, it wasn't as much as valuable for, um, for the price or what they would make it appear as. Hmm. I appreciate that.

Now for you, obviously you've been running Facebook ads for a couple months before you got in the course and stuff like that jumped in my program because yeah, I wasn't flexing the lifestyle and stuff like that. And again, at the end of the day, you know, what I sell is not a lifestyle. I sell transformation, becoming a better marketer.

That's my goal for you guys. Now, when you jumped in, what was it anything you thought it was going to be around Facebook ads or is it completely different than what you're expecting? It was completely different from what I expected.

Honestly, I didn't know it was a game of copywriting. I didn't know it was a game of sophistication level awareness stages. I didn't know anything of that.

I just knew that, okay, because I come from a very, very dropshipping space. Yo, you rip some ads and that's it. Like you're really chats killer type thing.

But like, you know, like the course is pretty much like a virgin's killer, how we call it in the space. So like very like own name, look, all the status state, like all the metrics. And this is where it really where it changed because you know, the money is in the details as it, like they say.

So I really, really dived in into the details of the course and yeah, it's been really, really great so far. It's amazing. Then you started applying it and probably like 80, 90% of every other person, you learn all these fundamentals, you start applying it and you're like, fuck, none of these work.

Then you probably went through a period of time where I was like, this is all like a waste of my time and money. Then you start to see some success. Tell me a little bit more about that.

Yeah. So basically I started seeing success in September, which is like, these are the two of my oldest ads that are still running. They're still running from September.

Because what I've learned is from the course, like once you know what you're testing, because you're basically a scientist and now you move with intention, you know, you move with intent. So basically before I was moving with intent, which was making money, but now you move it intent, like for the creative, the angles and the persona, whatever. So now like it's way, way more precise.

And there's like a clear goal behind what you do besides money, because you know, when you test angles and if it's a good angle or whatever, money is going to be the consequence of doing that action. So now instead of focusing on the results of the action that you just focus on the action and then the results of the action becomes inevitable. So yeah, I got my first success in September.

And then as I kept going with the ads, the creative and testing and testing, I tested all a lot of creative too. It wasn't easy. I tested like 50 creatives with three batches inside.

So when I say 50, it's like 50 concepts. So again, 150 ads before like, you know, compounding all those wins and to like where I am today. Amazing.

Yeah. I love what you said about the, you know, everything becomes a byproduct, right? Money becomes a byproduct.

Exactly. And that's, that's a big thing right there where, you know, the more focused you are on money, the further money will be from you because you're likely not going to do shit that makes money if you're only focusing on money. So it's a change of perspective for a marketer when they're coming to me like, Hey, Nick, performance is down.

And yeah, I mean, to be fair, like sometimes there is things that's outside of creatives and stuff like that. But honestly, 90% of the time it's like, what's your last six creatives you tested? And it's like, I haven't tested creatives in like six months.

I'm like, well, there's your first problem. Yeah. A hundred percent.

And this is why, like, this is my biggest advice for anyone. It's just do not focus on money, focus on becoming good because a lot of people like they try to do like Facebook ads to make a quick buck or a dropshipping e-commerce in general. But what changed really like everything for me is just trying to be the best as possible in like the field and money is just going to be a byproduct of you being great at what you do because everyone that's great at anything is going to be paid accordingly.

So, yeah. Amazing. Did you ever watch the 2025 weekly call recording for goal setting?

I did watch it. Okay. Yeah.

That's a good one right there. So I cover a lot of that. So I was curious, but awesome, man.

This was amazing to see kind of your journey over the last couple of months and everything, you know, literally last year, everything, bank account, you invested in the course and stuff. You, you launched your store and stuff. You're spending $20 a day when Facebook ads, you didn't really know how to, you knew how to run Facebook ads, but you didn't really know how to be a marketer when it came to Facebook and stuff.

You stayed with it. You stayed disciplined and consistent with it over the course of September, all the way to May. You're able to scale up to $120,000, $150,000 a month in revenue with your store.

Dude, amazing work. Any advice for anyone, any last words you want to tell people? Yeah, sure.

As I mentioned, do not do it for the money. Just do it to be great because once you become great, the money is just going to flow. And when it rains and pours, like, especially for me, I've been great.

I mean, lucky enough, if I can say this way, that for the last two months, two, three months, it's really been like crazy because I've been able to do like 10X what I've done for my monthly income from my job. And I've been laid off and I've been able to master that skill today to be able to support myself financially. And, you know, like a couple of other loved ones, but this was only possible due to me not chasing the money, but chasing greatness.

So that's what I would give to people. Like best advice is just become good at what you do. Obsessed.

I literally like scroll on Twitter. My Twitter is like literally only marketing things, everything. Like I breathe and eat, eat calm, like I sleep and I think about marketing CPAs and this is just what I do.

So become obsessed. And of course, if you do love what you do, time, time is just going to fly by and you're not going to even like dread about what you do. That's amazing, man.

Yeah. I can't tell you how many times I've going to bed and waked up in the middle of night with like a CPA number in my head, like freaking out trying to figure out how to hit that target right there. Exactly.

Jack, as we close out, what's next for you? Where are you headed next after this? Next after this, obviously I have revenue goals.

I'm Canadian. So my next goal is $200,000 in a month. I've been able to do 190.

We were close last month, but a couple of hurdles to be fixed. It's all good because I know I can do it. Already done it before.

Like I know what I can do and it's just like replicate, but like just being better as the from the previous rep. So just to be better from the previous time and yeah, $200,000 a month. And from there scale to other countries, because also I'm only running at one country.

So if I duplicate those campaigns, I could possibly like doing $200,000 a month easily by the next 30 days. Amazing, man. Well, best of wishes from everything.

I know for a fact you'll get there. You already proved yourself countless other times over the last couple of months. So it's just the next goal that you'll accomplish.

100%. 100%. Thank you very much, Nick.

You're welcome, man.