How do you create a high converting Shopify product page in 2023? Well, today I'll be diving into a really good example and breaking apart the specific components of this product page that you can easily go ahead and take, replicate for your own business and deploy right after this video. If you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, well, look, my name is Nick Therrio.

I own a Facebook advertising agency. We come in and help scale businesses. We've done over $80 million with Facebook ads, online revenue specifically for our clients.

And I also have like 30 plus students I coach and mentor. Both those links below to my coaching program and to potentially work with me for your business, help your business grow is below in the description. Now, with that being said, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, just like this one.

Let's dive into video guys. So like I said, in this video, we're going to be talking about a good example and breaking apart the specific components of that product page that you can take and deploy into your business. So one of my favorite ones is Rose Skin Co.

Why? Because I've been personally following the success of Rose Skin Co. Personally, don't use the product.

But back in like 2019 or late 2020, we had a potential client that reached out to us and they were actually, you know, like trying to model off Rose Skin Co. at the time. And Rose Skin Co.

is like a baby brand at this time. Like, you know, one of those brands that are like just getting started. They're like still probably drop shipping in this particular time periods.

And since then, I've just, you know, quite frankly, I've liked their creatives. They always produce really good creatives. And I've been just seeing them grow over the year and expand and launch new products and stuff like that.

And these types of brands like this, I like to continue to follow them because it allows me to continue to see what good advertising is doing and what a good brand is doing from a growth perspective. So one thing I know, they're crushing it. I don't know their exact numbers.

Do I care? I don't really care. But I just know that they have some solid ads and they also have a solid product page.

So yeah. So just take a quick look really quick. There's a lot going on, but luckily I broke apart everything for you guys.

So that way you can kind of understand these key components that you can simply copy and then go and deploy into your business in your own way. It's the key thing here. A lot of you guys are probably not selling this product if you are cool, if you aren't cool, because you can still deploy it yourself on your site.

So yeah, so let's dive into it. Let's go further into here. So number one, site speed.

I'm not going to cover this long because literally everyone already knows this. Your site takes a long time to load. Not a good thing.

So use GT metrics, see what you got. We like to shoot for like a beaten A for a grade. If you have something high, like an E, then go ahead and like send that off.

But the key thing here is you want to look for this largest cotton full paint. As long as that's under two seconds, you're good because you see the fully loaded time is 20 seconds. Now it's 20 seconds because it takes 20 seconds before that pop-up comes up on the site.

So all you want to worry about is more is this largest cotton full paint, which is 1.4 seconds. If this is below two seconds, you're in the green. Simple as that.

Now, next one is product at top of page was add to cart button. So plenty of sites where the product is really low and there's all these just random shit just taking up the space. We like it front and center far front, you know, to the left of the product page, sitting up at the top left.

And there we go. You can see right here, it's very beautiful. It's very easy to see.

And right to it, you can see, um, that's a cart button also to another thing. Look at the contrast on the add to cart button. We've also seen turning off those buy now buttons, or it's like buying out with shop pay or buy now with PayPal, whatever.

Uh, we've also seen an improvement on our side in terms of a conversion rate optimization side. Now, next one is product photos. So what specific product photos, uh, do you do?

Uh, we like a mixture of product photos, um, closeup of product shots, uh, benefits of the products are actually showcasing the benefits of the product itself. Uh, you can see right here, there's like a before and after photo. Let's see, actually go to the site, actually show you some of these, if they're still up like that.

Um, let's see, here we go. So yeah, like, so like basically showing the benefits of it, um, and how it's used, uh, looking at right here, just a couple other benefits and stuff like that, the products and like the features lifestyle, uh, some reviews. Yeah, pretty good.

People using it. A lot of people using it. It's good stuff.

I almost like to look at this as like, people are too lazy to look at this product page. So like actually using the product photos to help sell the product, uh, works really well. Key features, lifestyle, all that good stuff.

Product photos are essential. Can't tell you, you know, I've had someone that came to me and was like trying to sell like a $1,200 t-shirt. You know, they're trying to sell like their own Gucci brand and the fucking photo, the product photo itself looked like, um, it was taken in a crack shack.

Um, you know, I'm in Louisiana. So in like the swamp, basically that's what the product photo looked like it was taken. And I was like, what the hell?

Like no, one's going to buy this. So products, photos are essential. Major key here is look how on brand these product photos are.

If you're taking photos from Ali express and you're trying to run Ali express photos, like just throw the whole business out the water, like stop, just stop now. Terrible. Get your own brand photos.

Do this. Cause it helps set a better, um, like impression. And also too, it helps better sell your product, which is super key.

Next thing is demo the product benefits. So this is actually cool because, uh, since I've actually made this presentation, which you call it, uh, since I made this presentation right here, it's actually changed, uh, basically since, um, they've done this specifically, but yeah. So just calling out a few benefits of the product.

Uh, let's see. Yeah. They actually don't have it right now, but you can see right here, they're using the product smooth, soft skin, less flashing.

It's just basically the type of, um, this product, like in terms of like the laser flash specifically, beauty minus pain. So it's calling a few benefits and to showcase in the product in action right there. Um, that's a good way to do it right there.

And then the next thing is, um, here you go. The before and afters right here. So now some of you guys might not have a product that has before and after, but they're doing it still the same way.

Just since they updated the website, it just looks a little different. So you can see literally the same exact things are called out just slightly different photos right here. So yeah.

So super key demo the product benefits, show the product and demonstration benefits and all that good stuff. Next one is common questions and objections. So if we go through here, let's include it.

Is this safe? Does it hurt? Well, when will I start seeing results or results permanent?

Why haven't I heard this before? What if it doesn't work for me, free shipping, it's specific questions to what a customer would have or potential customer would have even going over objections. Like, does it hurt?

Like I'd be a little concerned too, if this thing hurts or not, I was the first person that's ever seen this. So look at those things specifically for your brand. What are objections and questions that you need to answer?

They're specific to your product, not the basic as where does this product come from? How long does the shipping take? Is there a warranty?

Like go deeper, actually help move the sale forward with specific questions related to the sale. Next one is a warranty slash guarantee. You can see right here, they do have their 90 day warranty.

Let's see risk-free for 90 days. Super, super important right here. Make it easier for people to purchase by removing the risk from the consumer.

Next one, this is actually going to dig deeper into more of the checkout side, but in terms of, you know, something like with the shipping costs and everything. So we see that I'm not going to go actually through it because I actually have free shipping for this one. But if we see that shipping is higher than, you know, 20% of the product costs or the AOV specifically, we'll actually see a decline.

So it's actually better to actually increase the product costs to help absorb some of that shipping costs right there. Obviously lack of social proof and trust. It's super important to add as much trust and social proof as possible.

So, you know, again, right here on top of just seeing photos of someone using the product itself and, you know, which is super important, but they also have, let's see. I mean, you also build trust by all the questions you answer, but here you go. Here's some people reviews.

You don't have to be this fancy and you also get these other customer reviews right here as well. So adding reviews, answering all the questions that also helps build trust. Something else too that I'm not sure if I have in the presentation but is make sure your bottom like border right here looks professional.

Go look at all your bigger sites. There's a lot of information on here. Make it look like that.

I see too many people who start a brand new website. They have like just their logo right here and maybe Facebook and none of this filled out. And it's just a level of trust that helps improve things.

Also showing them before and after this help a lot. Seeing the customer reviews, like all of this helps out a lot. One pop-up.

So if you come to this website, I'm not even sure if a pop-up popped up when I came up to the website. I don't know. I click them so fast to like exit off without even thinking about it.

But see, too many websites already have like 10 different pop-ups when you land on the website. And it just, it clogs things down and makes your website slower. It looks spammy and scammy and all that bad stuff.

Uh, we'd like one pop-up that is it. And if you do do a pop-up, me personally, I'm just a big fan of answer your email, get something for free, or maybe get a percentage off or maybe get, you know, just something. Uh, so that's what I'm a big fan of doing on the site itself.

Next one. Number 10 is the color scheme. Uh, again, everything is on brand here.

Uh, you can see the product photos, the, uh, you know, I would say like the, the texts, everything is on brand super important. It just, it feels right. Same thing for your creatives.

Your creatives should kind of follow this color scheme. So that way when they come to your website, it doesn't feel off for them. Yeah.

So that's the biggest things that I help you guys out with in terms of, you know, just specifically to going over the how to build a higher converting product page. Uh, you don't need to reinvent the wheel. You got to understand brands like Rose Skin Co, uh, brands like Jim shark brands like Amazon.

They've already done all the hard work to really figure out what's the best and highest converting product pages. All we need to go do is replicate what they're doing. So replicate these key components of these product pages and install them into your brand to help improve performance.

If you can improve your conversion rate, like from a 1% to 2% doubled your revenue overnight. You double your profits without even changing your ads at all. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

If you enjoyed it, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button, make sure you drop some comments below, what's your favorite kind of tactics you saw in this video or maybe something you need to implement yourself. And, uh, yeah, thanks for watching. Take care.

Have a good rest of your day.