So you have a high CPM with Facebook ads. What should you do? Well, long story short, I personally don't get the f*** about CPM.

So let's just be clear. I'm going to go over why I don't care about CPM and how it really does not affect you at all and go over a couple different things. So first off, just to show you really quick, here's an account right here.

We've been running ads for a while in this account. Here's one, two, three, four different ads right here. All of them have similar CPL.

One has a $28 CPL, $37, $34. And we're converting like one out of every 10 leads of this. So obviously this one right here has like a better cost per acquisition than like this one right here.

And you can see right here, CPM side, this one has an $18 CPM, 15,000 leads. This one has $117 CPM with 14,000 leads. And guess what?

This one has a $28 CPL. Again, they're all converting at a 10% conversion rate, right? So this has like a $280 acquisition cost.

This one has a $370 acquisition cost. Now they all have very similar spend. This one spent about a hundred and maybe 25, $30,000 more than this one.

So, but relatively they're all within the same ballpark of spending a decent amount of money. And same thing from a frequency side right there. Now, why do I not care about CPM?

Because number one, CPM is, goes through a couple of different, what I would say factors, right? The audience you're targeting plays an effect with CPM. Now we do broad targeting, but the creative creates the audience.

So, you know, this creative right here that spent $413,000 with a $280 acquisition cost. Why do I say $280 acquisition cost? Because if you take one out of 10 leads, that's a 10% conversion rate, 10 times whatever CPL you're getting, that's your acquisition cost for this.

So again, this one has a lower CPL, much higher CPM, but we are super specific in the creative. And the creative is only specifically speaking to an audience that none of these creatives are speaking to. This creative right here, this creative is speaking to a larger audience.

That's why it has such a low CPM. Now the problem is, speaking to such a large audience, there's a lot of people that don't really resonate with it. That's also getting in there.

So, and then these are just right in between. So you have to understand that the more specific you are about who you are targeting in your creative, again, this all comes down to your creative, what you put in the creative, every little detail and element of that creative itself does the targeting for you. So when I'm building those creative styles, do I go super broad or do I go super narrow?

It doesn't matter. It depends on my research and how I'm positioned the product in the marketplace, right? That's what matters right there.

This one does a phenomenal job at hitting all my goals. This one, it still does a great job, but just had a little bit higher of a cost per lead or cost per acquisition. Now in this case right here, anything below a $500 cost per acquisition or a $400 cost per acquisition for us is great.

The only reason why I haven't turned these off is because they're all taking a portion of that spin and helping me hit different parts of the marketplace to where if I did put this 1.9 million just on this one creative, we would have a much higher CPL on this. I'm not going to lie. So they're all hitting on different parts in the marketplace that we're going after with this client.

So if you have high CPM, again, I do not give a fuck about it. All it tells me if I'm more targeted or not, and it tells me the competition and it tells me the size of my audience, right? So like anytime we try to push a weight loss product, for example, we typically see a higher CPM.

Is that bad or good? Again, I don't care. It's just, that's what the number is.

Now, you know, if I would go to like people who have a Shopify store doing at least a million dollars per month, that CPM would be even more higher than lose weight. I think when I run ads for my agency, we see like 150, $200 CPMs when I run ads for my agency, because again, I'm speaking to a very, very specific type of person, which is, you know, Shopify store owners doing at least $100,000 a month. There's a lot more competition and the desire is a lot smaller because, and I say smaller as in not like the urgency level to satisfy the desire, but smaller and the number of people that share that desire, right?

Like there's a lot more people in the marketplace that want to lose weight than there are Shopify store owners who are stuck at $100,000 a month and want to scale it to a million dollars a month. There's significantly less of those people right there. So the desire is simply just being a small parcel marketplace or having a lot more competition.

So again, when I go after these people who are stuck at $100,000 a month and want to scale it to a million dollars a month, when I go after these people, I'm also competing with a lot of big tech companies that can spend significantly more money than me. So that's also what makes that competition a lot higher. Another just great analogy for this or great, like seeing that competition in action is during November.

November, we typically see significantly higher CPMs, but yet we still do amazing in terms of performance because yes, we're reaching less people, but the quality is much better. And that's also what a lot of people don't realize. Yes, I'm paying five times more to reach these thousand people, but it's much more targeted.

And again, the targeting comes from the creative. The creative creates the targeting. All of these people are on broad targeting right here, but the creative is the only thing that's different because it appeals to different types of people.

So you can reach less people, but if your creative is a lot more compelling, a lot more, I could just say better, and it satisfies your customer's needs, well, guess what? You're still can convert extremely well, just like in this example right here. Now, the next thing is just simply the size of the marketplace.

Great example is like when we used to run retargeting campaigns, all retargeting campaigns always have a higher CPM. Why? Because we have a very, very few people in that campaign, maybe a thousand, 2000 people.

So just the size is a lot smaller. Now, again, we don't run retargeting campaigns anymore, but we do run retargeting style ads. And no, this is not a retargeting style ad right here.

This is definitely very much a top funnel ad right here. All these are top funnel. But when we put our retargeting ads in the same ad set as our cold audiences, we'll typically see a little bit more of a higher CPM in that case.

But just in general, the size of your marketplace, right? So again, if I'm going after people, Shopify store owners doing $100,000 per month in revenue, and I'm building a creative that specifically speaks to them, I'm going to have a higher CPM than say, hey, Shopify store owners who just got started. That's going to be a lot bigger of an audience than this audience.

This audience is probably this big. And then this audience for Shopify store owners doing like a million dollars a month or $100,000 a month, like this big. So just simple size of the people you are trying to appeal to can also be a big thing.

So, you know, for example, if I were to go after, hey, who's looking for antibiotics right now? It's like very few people be like, what? No.

So that'd be a very higher CPM. Whereas, hey, who has a sinus infection right now? Then it'd be like, hey, that's a decent amount of people, but still not like super well known.

It'll be more people than antibiotics. And then, hey, who has a sore throat right now? That's like significantly more people will come into that funnel.

Now, again, this will be a lot less of the quality of traffic. So I have a higher quality traffic right here. Higher CPM will convert better.

This one will have a lower CPM, lower quality traffic coming in. And, you know, we'll probably have, we could, we could still have the same CPA on all of these different stages of awareness levels. But just again, it's things you got to keep in mind is that yes, you have a higher CPM, but also it's likely due to the fact that, hey, you have a higher quality ad.

It's appealing to more specific types of people who that could be a better fit for you than just your, you know, for example, your $18 CPM ad right here. So again, different stages of awareness levels that, and like the size of your audience, those can all affect things. Do I change the awareness level simply due to have a high CPM?

Fuck no. Again, at the end of the day, my goal is cost per result. That's my biggest thing.

I can care less about CPM. CPM is just one of those things where it's just like, hey, that's a number. And oh, this ad's doing well.

Cool. CPM. Cool.

I've never made a decision based off CPM. So that's, that's the key thing I'm trying to articulate to you guys. I just don't care.

Also too, you have different times of the year, right? Like any type of major holidays come around, like father's day was recently just now, then a lot more advertisers in the market. We know like, you know, November, December, some of the most competitive times for the year.

If you look at e-com specifically, and you look at November, December CPMs, and then you go into January, January is significantly lower. And then guess what? I always see people bitching about CPMs in the comments from January up until like June or July.

Why? Because competition increases throughout the year for e-com and they see their CPMs month over month rising. And it's like, dude, do you not even understand how basic like market economics work when it comes to business, right?

Like, you know, January is going to be the lowest point of CPM. December is going to be the peak. And throughout the year, it just rises.

Why? Because there's more people jumping in the market to advertise. There's more people, more competition in the market.

This is not just like, for example, a lot of people look at competition from the perspective of, hey, I'm selling a Celsius or energy drink. My competition is energy drinks. No, it's everyone that is selling some type of form of energy, energy peels, energy machines, you know, like different types of workouts that promote energy.

It's everything around that desire of energy. That's your competition. Anything and everything that gives someone energy, that's your competition.

That's, you know, directly affecting you to lose money because that's the dollars you're competing for. And then also too, it's the competition between Facebook ads of, hey, this person is willing to spend more on their energy product than you or their energy service than you. So that's the key thing right there.

You have to look at it. And then at the end of the day, you can do all of this. You can do all of this correctly.

But if your ad is boring and just simply everyone's swiping past it because it's a piece of shit, guess what? You know, your CPM is also going to shoot through the roof. Why?

Because that's also, again, it goes back to the size, right? So every time you create an ad, Facebook finds people to resonate with that ad. And if Facebook cannot find anyone to resonate with that ad and like the amount of people it can reach is this small, guess what?

Your CPM will be through the roof. But if your ad resonates with a lot of people and then it's like this big, guess what? Your CPM will be typically lower.

Why? Because it resonates with a lot more people. That's also the thing right here.

Now, when we made this ad, we intentionally made it to resonate with a lot of people. When we made this ad, we intentionally made it to resonate with a more specific targeted audience. And guess what?

We saw the difference. And then we also have these right in between there as well. So that's also a key thing.

We've seen ads where they have the right messaging, they have the right desire, they have the right things, but then it just simply was worded badly. The messaging wasn't clear. The visual sucked.

We go recreate that ad. CPM is much lower. And it also appeals to much more people because it's just a better created ad.

And in terms of like the editing, in terms of the filming, in terms of how the message is being displayed, all that just is better. It's more entertaining. It's more engaging.

And that typically gives us a lot more reach right there. Cause it's just simply, it's a lot more people Facebook can confine or resonate with that ad. So hope you all enjoyed this video.

Hope this explains about CPM, my thoughts about it. Let me know in the comments, if you have any other questions, if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, we specifically work with econ brands doing a hundred to 250 K a month, and we help them scale to three to $5 million a month.

We've helped four brands do that already and love to help you become the next one. And then if you want one-on-one mentoring, click link below for have Nick Terrio mentor you for my one-on-one mentoring group. And then lastly, if you are stuck in a hundred dollars today with Facebook ads and want my course on how to leverage emotion baiting to break past that, click link below to Nick's Facebook ads course.

Thank you all so much for watching. Have a good rest of your day. Peace out.