Yo, what's up guys welcome to the vlog we're about to jump up into a arm day First thing I'm doing starting off with a scoop of ghosts Welsh's grape pre-workout Honestly, I'm just gonna try scoop this I've been stressed as fuck trying to do loan information right now for Payroll for the businesses to try to keep contractors and stuff employees With some type of income during this time period so I've been doing all that and honestly I'm stressed out as hell now, but it's all completed hoping for the best and Today I don't know what I'm gonna do. I don't know if I'm gonna do yet I don't know if I'm going to do more of kind of like a live commentary. I really like those talks I get to do with you guys, so I'll probably do that We're good to go let's jump into this So let me give you before we start this arm workout Let's hop into actually showing you what we have set up in our little makeshift gym So just give you a quick little tour Right now currently we already have some dumbbells and stuff.

This is some stuff we already had And then we'll actually went ahead and picked up some these plates if you don't know this That's my brother if you're new to the channel. We also got this little shrug bar We just picked up this Nordic track bike, which I'm in love with because I don't know I've been running going for run in the morning and stuff But the allergies and the pollen being so bad right now I have a suffer really bad from allergies So I know every morning I would go run I feel like shit the rest of the day one because I'm just not used to running to Allergies are horrible right now being exposed to it in the morning It just drains for all day, so I need to try to stay inside as much as possible right now So it's awesome now so finally start going cardio on that We got some bands and stuff Your foam rollers One little thing so like I mean we got a good like set up like I've been able to do chess with no issue I just want a lot of different push-up variations and stuff I just saw I don't know if I should actually show you up the other day. I used these two chairs And then like some deep push-ups, but put the chairs out here feet on the couch one hand on each chair I'm gonna go deep and also we got a pull-up bar, so We got pretty much all the essentials we need to I mean we won't be making some serious gains Like if we had a full service gym But to be honest I did back yesterday.

I am really sore today I did chest Monday and my chest is still sore So everything we've I've been doing is just been focusing on really maximizing and becoming resourceful of what I have Either doing more reps more sets and really focusing and critiquing my form now today is arm day So with it being arm day, we shouldn't have any issues at all because I can do a lot of tricep kickbacks I can put the bands up and attach it to the bike and you like some tricep up some arm some of that So I'll have a tricep push down Obviously I could do a whole bunch of different bicep exercises. We also have this little bar can do some skull crushers So to be honest Arm day no issue at all And this is actually the first arm day I've done I think three weeks So it's going to be interesting now. I do do a lot of boxing So I think that's been kind of helped me out keeping my arms maintained so But today's plan I think I'm gonna do ten minutes on the bike kind of get warmed up Arms and then after arms we'll go hit the boxing bag for maybe five ten minutes as well Not going any crazy with the cardio and stuff and I'll show you guys what I do and I'm honestly I'm just gonna do like a you know put the camera down Do exercise kind of show you off with the exercise I'm doing and yeah Literally my mindset lately has just been becoming resourceful with what I have and Maximizing my current environment And optimizing as best I can Update all that they ended up doing was Just 20 minutes of cardio now.

Let's jump into this arm workout All right, so first thing I'm starting with it's just a red band Put it under my feet and it's gonna do some very simple bicep curls the bicep to activate Activate All right So now I'm gonna do something now for triceps I'm gonna super set this with that bicep exercise I'm gonna do four sets of ten Right now all I'm focusing on is getting the muscle contracting and expanding and to get it moving get some blood flow in there to kind of warm up Wow All right Wow All right All right guys so next exercise I'm gonna do I'm actually gonna start off like come like my first main exercise Let's put the warm up out the way Now we're gonna start doing some tricep I'm gonna say skull crushers because that's the position will be in But instead of using like a barbell Just use some dumbbells right here because I feel like more people will have access to that Hoping Making sure the camera can see at least some of this Simple Simple Cool And again Focusing on four sets of ten That's the common theme this whole workout All right Next exercise we're gonna start off with is Dumbbell supinated curls Alternate Simply go right there Get a nice squeeze Your bicep You're gonna do ten reps on each arm One more One more One more One more One more One more Norm That's kind of like the first major bicep movement and look at that pump starting to come out. Feels good. That's like my favorite exercise out of all the bicep movements I do.

Alright, so the next movement I'm going to do is a tricep like overhead press like that. I'm going to use a 30-pound dumbbell, but if you have bands at home, I'm just simply using a regular dining room chair. And you can take the band, kind of put it under the chair like that.

And you can sit down like this and you get a nice little pump as well. So that's just an option for you guys at home who don't have dumbbells. Like I said, since I have access to the dumbbell, use a dumbbell.

Simply, boom, and just focus in. Let's squeeze the top. And that's it.

Alright guys, excuse the lighting. It's probably the least optimal lighting for the shreds. But next movement we're going for is just a double, a seated double bicep curl.

I'll usually do this with like an incline bench or something. I mean, yeah, incline bench. So it puts more strength on the back.

I think the key thing is just really keep your biceps, your arms close to your body. And you want to focus on keeping them stationary. So that way you can't use any assistance with on your curl.

You can also do this exercise too with some bands. Use a chair. Put the bands on the chair.

Alright guys, next movement is a form of tricep kickback. You can do this with some dumbbells. I'm actually going to just put a band onto this bike.

I'm just going to do a kickback like that. And you may want to do more of this exercise. Just depending on the weight calf.

I'm going to do four sets of ten. I like to switch back and forth between the dumbbells and the bands. Just because the bands, I feel like I get just a little bit different of a feel when I use them.

So these lighter exercises where I don't generally use a lot of weight so I can try some kickback. I normally use maybe 10 pounds or 15 pounds. I like the more natural movement of a band.

As it simulates more of like a cable machine or something like that at the gym. Guys, getting closer to the end of this. Next thing I'm going to do is just take a band.

Put it onto my feet. Like that. And I'm going to actually do a reverse grip right here.

Work a different part of my bicep. When you're using bands, another tip is you might want to focus more on the squeeze. Because the bands, as they stretch, they get tighter.

So you notice at the top it's a lot tighter. So I like using bands. And really feel that squeeze.

And then just, I know that exercise right there. That was probably a poor example of it. But focus on releasing it slowly.

And then also add more filling of it like it being heavier. And work more of your muscle. Next exercise I'm going to do is just a simple rope pull down.

So I just took my little band and just put it like this on my pull-up bar. Just make sure. Some of you guys may have a different pull-up bar.

Just make sure like whatever way you put it. Whatever pressure you put on it won't actually pop the pull-up bar down. So go ahead and get started on this.

So this will be actually the last exercise of this workout. And this is a game where it becomes resourceful of what you have. Again, creative.

Simply do. Kind of like almost like a preacher girl almost. Right here.

There we go. There we go. There we go.

There's some people that's going to have literally that's been building up their home gym over the past few years. And literally have like basically a full access private gym to themselves. So they have nothing to worry about.

It's all about becoming resourceful of what you have. And using your environment the best you can. So like for me just doing that right there on the couch.

I know not everyone has the same couch. So you know not everyone can do that. There's not everyone that has you know maybe a pull-up bar to where they can attach a band to it and kind of do some stuff with some bands.

And so it's just becoming resourceful with what you have and getting creative and just maximizing your environment of what you have access to. So you try to get the best workout you can. Obviously we won't be able to do anything crazy for like you know heavy deadlifts or heavy bench and stuff.

And we will still probably will lose a little bit of muscle over this time period. But that's at least we are doing what we can to keep what we got. Keep those muscles activated and working them.

So that way we can try to reduce the amount of muscle loss strength loss we'll have when we get back in gym and start crushing it again. So hope you guys enjoyed this video. I want you to drop some comments below of what you guys are doing for your home workouts.

And how are you being resourceful with your environment. Talk to you guys tomorrow.