Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I want to talk about why our simple ad account structure allows us to scale significantly faster than any other ad account structure and you know what other people are doing yada yada yada. So that being said, before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday and let's dive into the video. So we recently consolidated our ad account significantly.

We, you know, we have literally a top of funnel campaign with a broad ad set. We have a creative testing campaign that uses broad ad sets, testing new creatives on a weekly basis and yeah, that's it. That's our ad accounts.

We do CBO, big budget for our top of funnel campaign and honestly CBO at this level does not matter CBO or ABO because we're only running one ad set. Sometimes we'll do one or two. If, if, if, you know, broad does not work for the ad account, we'll test a, you know, like audience interest.

It's pretty, fairly big, but for the most part, that's, um, that's that account. And we're going to show you right now just to show you exactly what it looks like. So this is the account.

Um, we have like one or two other campaigns running as well. Um, I just have these selected, but the other one or two is just, you know, I could do that in a second, but it's spending significantly less like 300 bucks a day relative to this $9,000 a day as our top of funnel, but it's just the last seven days, the lead generation accounts ultimately just want to show it to you guys. Cause you know, how much we're spending on a basis weekly basis.

It's insane. So that'd be pretty cool to show you guys that. So, um, KPI we're shooting for us from $34.

We're thinking we're hitting like a 36 overall. Um, Facebook's definitely on the reporting, which is good. We're seeing a brown one of the 70 or maybe like a 10 or 15% on the reporting.

So like 10 to 20% of leads are not being reported in the ads manager that Facebook is leading, which has given us our overall like KPI of 34 bucks, which is pretty good. So you'll see right here, uh, top of funnel, uh, creative testing of ads holding container. Now I knew one top of funnel campaign per kind of persona.

It's, it's, it's going to go three different ways you have persona. So like, let's say for example, this particular account, we have a rural area, which is just rural people who live in rural areas, excluding a few States. And then we have another campaign.

That's, um, another, a specific state as excluded from the main one. And this particular state just has, it's a fair, it's a, it's a legal product we're selling here. So due to that, we have very specific permissions.

We have to get in that state. So we have to run a separate campaign in that state. So with just different message messaging.

So, so you can do persona, you can do product. So let's say for example, if I'm running a clothing brand and let's say, for example, I've done, I don't know, shirts my whole life or my whole business. And so I have one campaign where I like our shirts and just keep up being the creatives and stuff like that.

And then the second campaign, maybe I want to launch is our new pants. We're launching and we want to force spin that specific area. So like I would create a new campaign, you know, men's pants, boom.

And we'll start forcing the spin, getting that moving and stuff like that. So it kind of just depends, honestly, on the business objective there. If we're trying to push spin to a specific area of the business, if we're trying to push spin to a specific demographic, if not, you know, like our metal signs account, where we basically just have like men and women and we have very generic gift giving messages and boom crushes it like that.

So it, it ultimately just depends on the accounts and what you're going for of how many top of funnel campaigns you need. But once I create a top of funnel campaign for a specific persona, product, um, even collection, I don't create another one for that. I don't sit there and keep creating new ones.

I see people from time and time again, it's just shitty little habits of, oh, campaign's failing. Let me recreate it exactly the way it was created. And hopefully performance increases.

Oh, and they see it run for a few days and boom, they dropped back down. So it's just bad media buying habits right there. So, you know, you can see right here, we've been in this, if I look at like the lifetime on this go maximum, like we spent $142,000 on this particular ad set right here.

So our campaign. So let's dive into it, show you guys how exactly it's set up. Uh, so we have our creative testing campaign right here, where we basically just do all of our creative testing.

So you see right here, each batch, each batch is three specific creatives. So I'll click into one real quick, just to show y'all. So you can see right here, um, looking inside of my creative testing campaign, I have, you know, some new creatives being tested.

I would ultimately go ahead and turn off, um, this specific one right here, because it's spent more than three XR target CPI target CPA is $34, three times $34 is 90, $112. So because it's spent that with a least desirable, uh, cost per acquisition, then I would simply just go ahead and turn this off. Now, it's definitely something that seems to be acting up on Facebook because yeah, conversion rate is horrible.

But anyway, long story short, um, I just turn off that specific creative like that. And I would let Facebook spin on the others. There you go.

For all the people that's like, well, what do you do when Facebook doesn't spin on the others? There you go. Just answered your question for you.

Now I never turn off the ad set unless I turn off all the ads inside of that ad set creative testing. So once I turn all those ads off because they didn't meet KPIs, uh, then I just go ahead and turn it off from an organizational perspective right there. I'll just go and I'll turn off that ad set right there.

So I never turn it off at an ad set level. Like, you know, come right here. Oh, this one's performing, you know, relatively bad, but then I cross into it and then I see, oh, okay.

You know, Hey, uh, you know, these I could actually turn off, but let's just say like, you know, for example, like that was like a, the main one getting all spin was getting good results. I'm just leaving on. So anyway, so that's pretty much our creative testing campaign.

Uh, we put three new creatives, three to two to four new creatives per ad set. And we either have all those new creatives. Um, all those creatives are iterations of a previously best performing angle, or we have a whole new concept, um, which is new copy, one new copy times four creatives, um, or two to four new creatives.

And I got people that asked me that question before. It's like, Hey, well, when you did a whole new concept, aren't you like pretty much like, you know, you're having two variables, so you have copy and creatives. And I'm like, yeah, that's exactly right.

And that's because I'm testing a whole new concept. So the creatives would be different to be, it's like a whole new angle. We're testing where it's like different style of creatives, different style of copy.

Um, the copy blends, it goes with those specific credits that we put together. So very simple. Now our top of funnel campaign, um, again, you can top name it, whatever you want.

Um, we're going to our top funnel campaign again. It's just one ad set that click inside of here. And we have pretty much all of our best performing creatives inside of here.

So that's it. I keep it very, very simple. And essentially what we do is we turn these all based off KPI performance as well.

So if we notice like over like the lifetime, we like to kind of look at the lifetime, we like to look at seven days and we like to look at like three days to like make our decisions on that center right there. But yeah, that's literally it. That's our ad account.

Now, Nick, why don't you do any retargeting? Where's the retargeting campaigns? Personally, me, I just use 30 day exclusions of what I'm optimizing for.

So if I'm e-com I'm optimizing for purchases, I'm going to exclude purchase 30 days for my top of funnel ad sets from lead generation, excluding leads 30 days. Now why 30 days? Because I want people to comment on it after 30 days of how great of an experience they had at our company, talk about the amazing products we have, things like that.

I want to get that social proof from those people. And we've seen ads significantly performed better by people saying, oh, I purchased this a while back and I love it so much. Or, you know, I'm with this particular company and they do an amazing job, yada, yada, yada.

So that's essentially what I want right there. Secondly, Nick, where's the audience testing? I don't do audience testing.

What we do is right now we're in the process of going broad on all of our ad accounts. And what I'm doing is I'm pretty much cutting out all audience testing. And the only audiences we're still using are pre-existing interests and lookalikes that has converted in the past and has been known to be our consistently best performing audience.

Let's see. Nick, where's the retargeting campaigns? I think I kind of just asked this question, but anyway, where's the retargeting campaigns?

I just made a video on this explaining why I don't do retargeting campaigns in this specific account structure anymore. How do you increase budgets? Well, very simple.

I'm looking at, you can, it depends on how aggressive you want to be. And if it's, you want to go for yesterday, or you want to go over the last three days or even last seven days, it just depends. So a seven day windows can be a lot less aggressive three day windows, pretty good.

And then like a 24 hour windows, very aggressive where basically I'm looking at, okay, Hey, was cost per results meeting KPIs yesterday? Yes. Okay.

Increase budget by 20%. And I'm only increasing it on my top of funnel campaign. If it's last three days.

All right, cool. Let's look at the average of the last three days is cost per result meeting KPIs. Yes.

Okay. Increase, increase results or increase by 20%. Now, what if results is not good?

What if again, depends on how aggressive you want to be a 24 hour window is going to be very sporadic. I find just a 24 hour windows way too small to decrease budget. I really do.

It's too sporadic. That's why we like to look at averages of three days and seven days for decreasing results because Facebook is known to have two up days of down day, two up days, down day and up day, down day, up day, down day, up day, down day. But if you look at the average of three days or seven days, your results is meeting the KPIs you want.

That's why we like to make those longer decisions on three and seven day window. Now increasing budget, it's, you know, it's a little bit more kind of moving in the positive direction. It's, it's hard to explain, but, um, decreasing budget is kind of the opposite because you might, you might increase budget one day, didn't receive the results you wanted the next day, but it's just Facebook.

So optimizing. Whereas if you have one bad day, okay, cool. That's normal.

Facebook, if you have three bad days or your average over the last three days has been bad, then Hey, let's decrease budget by 20%. Let's also look at any particular creatives or ads. That's getting all spin.

That's performing horribly. And let's go turn those off right there. So that's also another thing I'm looking at soon.

Yeah. And that's it. That's all we're doing that account.

I'm not doing bid cap. I'm doing cost cap, not doing audience testing, not doing any of that stuff right there. Nick, why don't you do dynamic creative testing?

Look, to be honest, just tried a hundred times. Don't like it. Um, I prefer to force spend some specific creatives and, uh, you know, I look, I've tried the diamond creative testing, you know, it's so called where like Facebook chooses the winner, but I've never had a positive experience with it.

And I tried it a hundred times. And I, you know, me personally, like if I spend a lot of time creating an assets, I don't want to spend just $2 on it. And like, Oh, well Facebook didn't recognize as a highly valuable asset to spend money on.

Like, you know, you should just toss that away. It's like, no, all right. Toss a little bit of money to it.

And like, let's see, let's see what the results look like. So yeah. So hopefully that answers all your questions and you'll probably notice me like, Oh, Nick, that's stupid, simple.

Uh, anyone could do this. And yeah, because you guys have this belief that the ad account structure is tied to your results. Okay.

The ad account structure is merely a tool. Okay. It's like, Hey, you need to go hammer that nail in to that board.

What are you gonna pick up a hammer, go hammering it simple. That's all. Look at this ad account.

All right. I need to get any results. What's the best tool to use it.

Boom. Here's this ad account. Here's that account structure.

I'm going to use it. Now, if I tell you, go hammer that nail in and you've never used the hammer before, and you do not know how to hammer the nail in, are you gonna be mad at the hammer for not knowing how to use it? Like, that's also another thing to look at.

Like you gotta understand that this is merely a tool and what drives the performance in an ad account is the creatives. The creatives is what drives the performance. And like, let's take a step back.

Cause you know, we've been saying creatives over the last year. Okay. You gotta get smart with it.

Okay. I've seen people. Okay, cool.

Like, let me go get some new Chris or ad account. They go take like a few pictures in their front yard, holding our product. And then like performs horribly.

And then like, they go add it to ad account. They're like, yo, new creative sit network. Like that's not a good advice.

Like, well, yeah, no shit. The creative sucks. So you gotta put some thought behind these creatives.

Like we spend 15, 20 minutes a week working on the ad account and the other eight hours we're focused on creatives. And the creative is a byproduct of audience research. So you need to be doing a lot of audience research, which is going to get your ideas and, you know, really focusing on how you can create some great creatives based off audience research.

And that's going to generate your creatives. So, you know, if we're looking at it from the 80, 20 rule, 80% or 20% of your efforts is responsible for 80% of your results. Then 20% of your efforts of spending time on looking at the audit research is going to drive 80% of your results are creative 20% of your time spent on creatives.

It's gonna drive 80% of your results. It's inside of an ad account. So yeah, so that's basically it.

If you're still trying to figure out right now, new like tips and hacks inside of Facebook ad accounts, like I just, it's not the same anymore. Those aren't long-term solutions. I'm looking for long-term solutions that I can spend a lot of money, you know, 10 K plus 20 K a day in Facebook ads manager.

That's going to last me for a few weeks versus, Hey, you know, this new audience, even though I'm spending $10,000 a day, this new audience of 2.1 million people is converting. Well, that's the last day. I can tell you that now.

So last you two, three days, it's a burnout. And then you're going to question yourself of your knowledge of Facebook ads, and you're going to think they don't work, yada, yada, yada. Like, look, focus on improving your business, like your products and everything like that.

Like have a really great product and everything really great offer. And the sense of the offer being, you know, in marriage, the offer is your value as a person to the other person. And the ring is simply the discount.

So, you know, it's a very small percentage and then focus on really knowing your audience, really doing a lot of audience research and audience research to be done on a weekly basis, and then creating a lot of creative around that and testing, creative, finding winners, add to your scaling campaign and keep repeating the cycle over and over and over. So this allows us to scale ridiculously faster than our competitors, because our competitors are still looking at ABO, CBO, you know, what new audiences we can go after. It's like, look, we're testing broad.

We're letting Facebook choose the audience. And we're merely just focusing all of our time on creative that converts with the messaging, the branding, the audience research, really connecting to people, to our product through creatives in that sense right there. So, well, guys, really hope you all enjoyed this video.

Definitely a little bit more interesting of a video. Hope you all enjoyed it. So make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you're a business owner spending at least $50,000 a month in paid advertising, and we'd love to help on a call for me and my team, where we'll discuss how we generated, you know, we've helped brands we've helped in total generate $50 million online revenue. So we'd love to help you guys out. So click link below, book call from my team, both the strategy call together.

We'll go through your ad account, things like that, what strategy for you, you can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to choose to work with us. If you choose. So thank you guys for watching.

If you're doing less than that, in terms of like spending and everything like that, then just keep following the channel. May do a course soon, which would be basically just kind of like taking everything I put on YouTube and just consolidate that to more of like a format. That's like a step-by-step process.

So basically, just it'll save you time. So you have to keep trying to scavenge my YouTube videos to try to figure out what steps to do things. So just be more direct.

And then from there, keep following the channel because these videos are engineered to make you more money at the end of the day. So thank you guys for watching. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button, comment below what your thoughts are on this whole ad account structure is like that.

Any questions you'll have, I'll try to give my best to answer them to you. And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.