Today, I want to show you how we were able to leverage emotion baiting to scale a Shopify store to over $30,000 a day. And here, just to show you guys, this was today, we did $31,000 in sales. And then actually just before 6 p.m.

fully finished, $31,000 in sales, 412 orders, show y'all triple well really quick, $31,000 in revenue, about $8,500 in profit. And that's pure profit right there. This is a dropshipping store, but it can be applied to any store, any store, any product, any fundamental.

This is more of a marketing fundamental I want to show you guys today. And then lastly, just showing Facebook really quick. Keep in mind, Facebook is over reporting a little bit.

The actual orders is, let's see, there's actual orders, 412. Facebook's over reporting a little bit. So just want to keep that in mind right there.

But yeah, so emotion baiting. What is emotion baiting and how you can leverage this to help you drive more revenue in your business, create more ads that convert and spend less basically on creative testing. So what is emotion baiting?

So emotion baiting is purely instilling new hope into customers by saying something they never heard of. Example, likely a lot of you guys never heard of emotion baiting. And I attach that to something you guys want, which is to make more money.

So all I'm doing here is giving a unique name for your process of getting people results. You'll see this a lot in the fitness industry around pre-workout supplements, around workout guides, you know, P90X, Insanity, you know, Sparta workout, like all these key types of workouts, programs, everything like that. They give them these unique names that makes people like, oh, what is that?

And, you know, just give you an example of what that hook looks like. Here's an example of a hook. Emotion baiting has allowed me to find three times more winning ads.

So I'm calling out something someone wants, which is to find more winning ads. And then I'm basically just saying the feature first, which is emotion baiting. All right.

Now, what is emotion baiting? Emotion baiting is something simply I just made up. There's no technical like definition of it, right?

I'm basically just something I made up. But in the Facebook ads niche, not many people have ever talked about this and no one's really even pushed it before. So for someone who's fell that Facebook ads multiple times in a row, when they see emotion baiting, they're like, oh, what is that?

I never, I never tried that before. And they immediately jumped to it because they never tried it before. They never heard of it.

So in their mind, it's like, oh, maybe this is something new that'll give me a new sense of hope for improving performance with my ads. So that's the key thing here. We're giving a unique name to our process that we make up.

And then we simply calling out something that people want, they desire. And we're just showing how this product or this unique process gave them that right there. Here's another one.

POV. She used to leave you unread and now she, she texts you nonstop because you learned dopamine texting. I actually found this ad from a dating coach and it's actually, you know, looked like it was working extremely well for them.

What is dopamine texting? You know, I personally don't know what that is, but it's something new. And it's like, oh, you know, this is a problem I'm experiencing and this is something I want.

And it's through this, something I never heard of before. I need to go buy this because maybe it's going to help me solve my problem. Here's another one.

Hydrogen water, the secret water that bodybuilders are using. They get 10 times more pumps in the gym. I've never heard of hydrogen water in my life.

Something I've been seeing a lot about, you know, online lately, but you see right here, hydrogen water, secret water bodybuilders are using to get 10 times more pumps in the gym. So again, introducing something that people have never heard of before, calling out what people want. And then yeah, that's it.

This hidden strategy is getting clients and students three times more winning ads. Now here's another one where this one gets pretty evergreen. You can use this for anything, you know, is it super, super strong?

Wouldn't really say so, but it's another way to hint at introducing a new mechanism, a new process to result that people have never heard of before. I closed a $7,500 website project using the screening method. Here's how.

So the screening method, never heard of that before. You could recreate this as well. I, I got a 10 X row as using emotion baiting.

Here's how boom. It's been sending hundreds of messages a day. Won't get you clients do this instead.

Testing 50 new creatives a week. Won't get you results. Do emotion baiting instead.

There you go. So just to show you guys now, let's just look at how you can replicate this yourself. And you can do this with an econ product.

You can do this with a Legion product. You can do this with personal brand product. You can do this with anything, right?

So look at your process to result. What is your current process to result? If you have a, you know, like water, for example, a supplement, for example, your process to result is people intake H2O and the result they get is they feel hydrated right there.

Right? So then what we want to look at is we want to give a name that no one else has in the market. So I run Facebook ads and get better results than our competitors.

So, and that's just me as a fact, like run Facebook ads, I get better results than our competitors. So how do we get better results than our competitors? So what is our unique process?

And that gives us better results. Well, we put more emphasis on the creatives as a creatives, get people emotionally emotional and want to buy. So for us, I can name that process, which is motion baiting, something I came up with.

So our hook is motion baiting has allowed me to find three times more winning ads. Now, the reason why I won't just say, here's how to find more winning ads is because someone who's already tried finding more winning ads and I failed and they see, here's how to find more winning ads. They're going to be like, well, you know, I've already tried that and it didn't work.

So I'm not going to do it. But if I say emotion baiting and I tall out exactly what they want again, they're going to be even more intrigued of what is that? Why?

Because they never heard of emotion baiting before. So emotion baiting has allowed me to find three times more winning ads. So the key thing I need you to take away here is that we're calling out a name that we're making up that they've never heard of before to strike new hope because they failed at the same, they have failed at this a ton.

So we're calling out a whole new name to be like, Hey, you fell that the original claim, which is fine. We're winning ads a lot. So we're going to instill new hope by calling out emotion baiting.

I first seen this a lot in the dropshipping community a couple of years back, back when I was a dropshipper back in like 2017, 2018, I never had a successful stores being completely transparent with you on that. But Hey, you know what? We've scaled like four or five Shopify brands now to seven figures a month.

So, you know, we get results now, but back in the day, I used to see that one product Shopify store. I think it was Scott Hillsey himself that potentially found it right there. And Scott would, you know, push the one product Shopify store.

So everyone was pushing Shopify dropshipping, Shopify dropshipping. Then Scott said, here's how I did a hundred K with the one product dropshipping store. And basically what happened was, is we instilled new hope in people.

Hey, you fell that dropshipping regular. So here's a new route. That's way faster called the one product shop.

That's all we did. I also seen this with Jeremy Haynes, one of my personal mentors, Jeremy Haynes back in 2017, 2018, he was pushing the Venus flytrap ad strategy, right? So he would call up these big brands and Hey, we know you fell that Facebook ads multiple times.

The reason why is because you weren't doing the Venus flytrap ad strategy. And this is a personal strategy that he found. And he gave a unique name to his process, which made people feel like, Oh, what is that?

I'm not running that. And then he showed all the results of it. He's like, I need to run that.

So all you're simply doing here is you're highlighting something unique about your product and giving it a unique name. You're not giving your product a unique name. You're giving the part of that product a unique name itself for e-com.

Your product itself might even be the unique mechanism as a whole right there. So you can name that whole product, something unique to keep it different, different from everyone else. So, but yeah, guys, this is how we leveraged motion baiting.

Hopefully this helps you out as well. If you have any questions, drop a comment below, make sure the like button, hit subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to run your ads, click the link below, have Nick Terrio to run your ads.

If you want me to mentor you on a monthly basis, click the link below for have Nick Terrio mentor you. And if you want my Facebook ads course, click the link below where, you know, basically takes your intermediate to advanced. There's more information around that as well.

So hope you guys have a great day. Have a good one and peace out.