Here's how you can create Facebook ads that scale in 2025. This is going to show us exactly how we're able to achieve results like this for clients by creating ads like this. We're going to dive into the full scripting process today, research process, all of those good things to where you can actually write your script, write your ad, and then be able to actually add that to the ad account to be able to scale.

And just the same things we've done to help some of our clients like this achieve these results. So today we're going to be using this sample product I've never written an ad for. And I'm going to be taking you all through my process of how I take a product and I start coming up with ideas related to this product.

So everything we first started off with is research. Research is where I get all of my ideas specifically for what do people want, how we can position this product in the marketplace, and how can we create that desire for the product. So this is just a random product I found.

Again, I don't run ads for this brand. I don't have any affiliation with this brand or anything like that. Just simply a random product I found for the sake of this video.

So first thing we're going to do, you can just open up like a Google Doc. That's the easiest one for me. And then I'm just going to start writing down some stuff.

I like to list down the product first. And then I like to kind of just start and understand the product. It's the first thing I like to do.

This is just on Amazon right here. So maybe if a client comes on board with this, then I'll be looking at like their product page, things like that. That's the main things I want to start looking at.

And because this product already has purchases, then what I'm going to do is just start to understand why people are buying the product. When I understand why people are buying the product, that's kind of giving me the idea of what I need to like start calling out in the ad. So first thing I like to look at is the reviews and everything.

And if you're wondering, well, Nick, I don't have, you know, no reviews yet. I don't have anyone that's bought from me yet. Then literally all you'll do is just go ahead and go on Amazon, go on Google, and you'll just search your product.

So like, for example, this is a collagen face mask. So if I go to collagen face mask, boom, it's going to show me other ones. There's this one from Coco Beauty.

Let's see. This is all the one from Skane, whatever that is right there. So there's a variety of other ones on the marketplace that I can also go and start looking at.

It's not like there's just this one thing from Biodance. And then from there, I can look at reviews and stuff like that. Here's this Kyra rubber firming collagen mask from Sephora.

And I can actually go and look at those reviews on the website. I actually just want to go to it. And then here I can actually see those reviews and boom, there we go.

I can see reviews. I can understand why people are buying it. All of those good things like that.

So that's what I'll first do is if I don't have personal reviews, I'll go to competitors. And my whole goal here is to understand why people are buying this product. And easiest thing to do here is just start reading the reviews.

And I personally recommend doing it manually. I know there's some AI shortcuts and stuff, but I personally like to do it manually. And what I'll do is I'll read the reviews.

And let's just say, for example, so one thing that's an objection to this is expensive. So I'm going to write all this stuff down. Expensive.

And then I'm going to start writing down other things like, let's see. Easy apply. Results are amazing.

My skin feels softer, smoother, and more hydrated. So I'm basically just going to write down things like benefits, softer skin, hydrated skin. And then I think I said smoother, smoother skin.

There we go. And boom. And then what I'll do is every time I see those again, I'll just simply make a mark behind it.

So here we go. Skin is amazing. I use it overnight.

And when I woke up, my skin felt so soft, smooth, and hydrated. So again, they said that again. So all I'll do is just go make a mark.

You can do like an X or a 1, whatever. Just some type of mark behind every time you see it. My skin also looks brighter and healthier with a nice glow.

It makes me feel more confident even without makeup. Ooh, these are all really good ones. More confident without makeup.

And then I saw another one that was glowing skin. There we go. This extra mask is so light and soothing.

It's perfect for overnight use without feeling sticky or heavy. Ooh, these are so good ones right here. Easy to use overnight.

No sticky stickiness. I think it is. And then or heavy.

I don't know what heavy means, but I can see sticky right there being one right there. All right. And then I'll just keep going through this.

I'm so impressed with the Bioband. It's collagen real deep mask. This overnight hydrodermask has become an absolute staple in my skincare routine.

I put it before bed in my morning. My skin feels incredibly hydrated, smooth, and looks glowing. Hydrated, smooth, and looks glowing.

So we're going to go do another mark by glowing. We're going to do another mark by hydrating it. And we're going to do another one by smooth.

Very simple. Love about this mask. It hydrates, but also minimizes pores.

My skin looks even more refined and the texture has improved significantly. It's almost like wake up or fresh dewy complexion every time I use it. My skin looks even more refined and texture has improved.

This one's also a pretty interesting one. Not only hydrates, it also minimizes pores. So I don't know much about what minimizing pores means, but that's one of the benefits here for this.

All right. My skin also freaks out in the fall. It's super dry.

So I decided to hop on the viral trend and bought these masks. So they all type is real. Oh, okay.

Hold up. This is also an interesting one. It freaks out in the fall.

It gets super dry. So I really like this one. And we're actually going to start making this as avatars.

And people whose skin gets dry in the fall. And these are going to be like the people that we can actively market to. That's a big one right there.

Hypertrial, I've always used this so far. I kept them for three hours before I take it off. And there's very noticeable difference in the texture and hydration for my skin already.

That's like another one for hydration. I put this on during the day as I was watching TV and stayed on just fine. Definitely gives you glassy, glowy look.

And I'm not sure it continued. So I'm just going to keep the glowy look as one. And then glassy skin.

See how that goes. Not getting off on starts. They're pretty delicate.

And I ripped the top version now. I'm going to try to pull it slightly to reposition it. Interesting.

All right. Cool. And then I'll just keep going through these.

Just for the sake of this video, I'm not going to like basically go through all of them. But you get the point here. Going through these reviews.

I'm just writing things down as I see it. And this is going to give me the research I need for this product. Now, what we want to start looking at is some of these benefits are also like what I would say desires across the marketplace.

So we can see right here that one of these desires we could go after is hydrated skin. I want my skin to feel hydrated. And this is where we can actually start doing our research around hydrated skin.

So let's actually pick a particular like desire or one of these benefits. And these are all like more like desires of why people would want to buy this product. And it's going into now.

Let's start looking at taking a step back and actually looking up hydrated skin. And now what we want to do is we want to start learning a little bit more about our audience of people who want this hydrated skin. We also want to know a little bit more about who are the types of people.

What are the other types of products like all of these other interesting things right here. So one thing is dry skin. So the opposite of hydrated skin is dry skin.

So if we want to write for a problem where a market that's also another possibility right there is if we go after like hydrated skin like that. How to treat dehydrated skin do seven ways to hydrate your skin this summer. The secret to hydrated skin natural moisturizing factors.

Tried overnight hydration mask. Seven signs your skin is dehydrated and revive it naturally. So what I'm basically looking for right here is I'm looking for content around hydrated skin.

And this is going to kind of start giving me allowing me to understand like for example. Let's go look at this we can start to look and understand one this particular desire of hydrated skin. We can understand who's the type of person that's talking to people about hydrated skin.

We can talk we can also start looking at like the location they're filming. We can also start looking at like this one's more of an authority angle right here. Leveraging someone like a dermatologist here.

Obviously that probably won't be it. Like we probably won't well have that thing. But we can start to understand kind of what type of contents working well around this particular desire.

And we can also start looking at the products they've tried and failed with for hydrated skin. Because this is going to allow me to start to understand the market sophistication. And market sophistication comes down to the number of products someone has tried and failed with before your product.

Because this is going to allow us to understand how we need to talk to these people. For example if you've been running Facebook ads for a while. And I just say hey here's how to scale Facebook ads.

Like that won't really grab your attention. But if I call out here's how to leverage this new Facebook ad strategy no one's ever seen before to scale your Facebook ads. You'll be a lot more interested in clicking that video because it's like something new.

It grabs your attention. It's novelty and stuff like that. So same thing here.

So we can actually look at it if people are trying to hydrate their skin in terms of like with this product and stuff. Then what are other products they've tried and failed with. Because we're going to need to call something out like that in the hook to be able to you know kind of grab their attention.

And so far I've just kind of seen things like moisturizers so far. Secret to hydrate skin, natural moisturizing factors. So there's like moisturizers I'm starting to see.

Good lord that is probably the most ridiculous spelling I've seen in my life. Moisturizer. I don't know why I cannot spell today.

Let's see moisturizers. Alright. So now we got that.

Another thing I'm also starting to see and we can start writing down is headline ideas. And headline ideas. This is just things I'm seeing that I really like.

So for example I really like this right here. Boom. And why do I like it?

Well a couple things. Number one it calls out what people desire. That's number one.

That's why I like it. Number two I like the fact that that's 94k views. That means there's a lot of people searching for this.

That's why I really like YouTube. But I'm doing like research because in YouTube and TikTok because the more views it has likely it's also more searched and things like that. So that's showing me there's people that desire this particular thing.

So there's a lot of people that's searching up for hydrated skin. Then the next thing I really like is that it's also kind of going into a little bit of market sophistication here. It's actually calling out some stuff around moisturizer.

So it's not just saying here's how to get hydrated skin. It's also calling out things around you know this natural way to moisturize yourself. Next one here.

Seven ways to hydrate your skin this summer. I really like this hook too as well. And you'll notice in a second how I'm going to manipulate this as well.

So we got our product, got our objection, got some benefits here, got our avatar. And then like that's not the main avatar we'll focus on. Like we're going to go just in general probably for like women who want hydrated skin.

But it's just another sub avatar we could possibly look into. Desire that we're going to be going after today is going to be hydrated skin. The market sophistication.

And then we're going to look at awareness level really quick. So hydrated skin is going to be solution aware. Boom.

They want what the product does. They just don't know what the product is. They want hydrated skin.

They just don't know what that product is. So we're going to go out there solution aware. Yeah.

So we're getting some really good stuff here. And again keep in mind I might spend like a couple hours on this. And I'm able I'm having to do this in like literally like a couple minutes here for a YouTube video.

Something else I also want to keep in mind is so hydrated skin. There's some like decent amount of views around it. But check this out.

What happens if we just type in something else like glowing skin? And look at how many more views these have. 320k, 2.4 million, 3.6 million, 5.7 million.

So these all have a lot more views around glowing skin. Which means there's a lot more people that have that particular desire for glowing skin. Now yes from a scalability perspective we would want to go and actually leverage that particular desire.

But from a competition perspective sometimes actually going for a sub desire no one else is marketing to. Can actually be more beneficial because you try to go after the big one everyone's competing with. And you actually don't really get the best results.

Why? Because you're trying to go after the same thing as everyone else. And it's much harder to compete.

So what you actually do is you go after a desire that no one else is marketing to. And it actually allows you to open up a whole like blue ocean marketplace. So that's just something right there.

A little game for y'all. As far as would I still test glowing skin? I would still test it.

But I would just also be looking at other things that I could go after too. Like it's just like here's a list of things we want to test specifically. Now one more thing I want to do before I actually start writing is I want to understand my avatar a little bit more.

So let's just go again we're going after hydrated skin. And we're just going to search hydrated skin. And then let's see what happens from here.

Okay. So they got a couple things here. Again couple things that I'm looking for.

Number one views. Got a lot of really good views around this. Which is good.

Next thing is I'm immediately looking at the type of woman that's creating content in this niche. So we know for a fact that like our main avatar we're going to be going after. Let's just do main avatar.

It's going to be a woman. Like most of these girls they don't look young. They don't look 21, 22.

They look more like 27, 30 years old. That's who they more look like. I'll just say 27 years old.

Boom. And then we're going to dive a little deeper too into these women. But that's the main thing.

And then the next thing is I'm looking at where are they filming yet? A lot of these girls are filming in their bathroom. Maybe they're filming in their kitchen.

That's going to be the main thing. And we're just going to make another one called filming locations. Bathroom or kitchen.

So now that we have like filming locations and stuff. This is going to further help us kind of talk about like what or like kind of give us an idea of like what we need to talk about. Now I just want to kind of watch some of these videos really quick.

Main things I'm looking for is just what they're talking about. I'm also looking for key visuals as well. So we have filming locations.

Key visuals are like the main things we need to show people. That's going to get them to like be like oh I need that. And one of the biggest things is that all of these girls we're seeing.

Is that it seems like they have really beautiful skin. It looks moisturized. Let's see.

Before after deep collagen inside wrinkle. How to treat dehydrated skin. Oh this is a good one.

This one's talking about exfoliation. So interesting. So a lot of these girls are not even calling out hydration.

They're calling out dehydrated skin. Dehydrated skin is more of the problem itself. So their skin almost looks glassy.

That's a big one right there. Okay. This is good.

I also really like this video. So I'm going to save this. This will be reaction to the mask.

Another one is showing the skin looking glassy. Boom. I'm also going to save this video as inspo.

And I'll make one of these documents literally every client we're working with. Where it's just like really just like a research document. Where I'm calling a lot of this stuff out.

You can also make a Google sheet out of this if you want. I just personally like it to be more kind of free flow. Again everyone's different.

Alright cool. So a lot of these girls the biggest thing I'm noticing is bathroom, kitchen. They're showing skin that people want.

They're not really showing like a before and after. They're just showing that skin that people want. And then I'm also going to save this video.

And I'm actually going to download it real quick. And y'all will see why in a little bit. Download.

I'm just going to download the mp3. I don't need the full video. I'm just going to close that out.

So this is where we need to answer one more thing. Products they've tried and fell with for hydrated skin. We just need to understand that moisturizers are the biggest thing.

When it comes down to hydrated skin. But we don't know why. Why are people felling with moisturizers?

And that's the last thing that we need to understand. And I'm actually just going to do a simple YouTube search for this. I just need to know this one thing.

Okay. And again I'd be going in much deeper research than this. So I'm just going to use kind of Google's AI for this.

But I would actually be going in deeper research for this. So this is saying that some actually contain dehydrating ingredients. That's number one.

The skin type. That's another one right there. Some people need different types of lotions.

Again some type of a thing that's inside of it. Oh okay. Winter's a big one too.

Now this is something else we're going to write down. This is called urgency. So urgency is why do people need to buy right now?

That's the big one. And a lot of people a very low IQ way of marketing. Is that they will literally say oh you need to buy right now.

Because I'm doing a 20% off discount. And people do not care about that. So urgency for me is going to be winter.

It's currently December 8th the time I'm filming this video. So we're in the middle of winter right now. Let's just see.

Reddit's also phenomenal. When it comes down to looking at these types of things. Okay.

So these people are saying how it gets dry minutes later after using a moisturizer. That still just doesn't really give me a main thing. So I got a couple ideas around this.

We could do something like how to get hydrated skin without moisturizers. That's a big one. And this will give me a decent amount of information that I need.

So we can start writing. Now I'm actually going to hop in Claude for this. There we go.

And then we're actually going to start typing into Claude. My ideal customer is a 27 year old woman. She currently wants hydrated skin.

That gives her that glass like skin look. Let me just search that one more time. Glass like skin.

Skin that looks flawless, radiant, and hydrated. Okay. Let's just go through.

She currently wants hydrated skin that gives her that glass like skin look. So this is understanding hydrated skin is more of like the performance, right? Like the actual, what's the benefit of having hydrated skin?

It's going to give her that glass like skin look. There we go. Now the next thing I want to look at.

She is currently using moisturizers. Again, I don't really know the main problem with moisturizers. So my only understanding from it is that some people do not like it and it doesn't work for them.

There we go. As I wake up, hydrated glass like skin. And then I'm just going to say without my favorite word, moisturizers.

And I think moisturizers might be too vague. Because moisturizers is just more of a very broad product appeal. Whereas like this would be more specifically like lotions.

So I'd more want to say like she's currently using lotions. Boom. Rather than using.

She's currently using moisturizing. There we go. Without having to use moisturizing lotions.

I drink glass like skin without having to use moisturizing lotions. Boom. Now the next thing I want to look at here is.

Okay. We've kind of told Claude who our product is. By the way, you can also use ChatGPT if you want.

I just personally prefer Claude. That's a whole other video for that. But now I'm just kind of giving that kind of customer avatar here.

Without having to analyze. Boom. We told the product.

We told the avatar. We told Claude what our avatar wants. Now we're just simply calling out the fact.

You know, without having to use moisturizing lotions. So we're kind of addressing that market sophistication right here. And then the next thing we want to hit on is that urgency.

There we go. Right now she's struggling with hydrating her skin more than ever due to winter. So I'm adding that urgency of why she's the buy right now.

All right. Now we want to get Claude. Please write me 10 big promise hooks I can use for an ad as Dan Kennedy.

I like to use Dan Kennedy because Dan Kennedy is probably one of the best copywriters that Claude already knows. And then hit enter. All right.

Now we got some hooks from Claude. Wake up to glass like skin tomorrow without sticky lotions or three-hour routines. This overnight secret works while you sleep.

Oh, that's a really good one. Tired of winter skin sabotaging your glow. This sleeping beauty collagen mask is why Korean women never worry about dry, flaky skin in sub-zero temperatures.

That's a really good one too. Have you tried your entire skincare routine for one overnight solution? My skin looks photoshopped.

This overnight collagen. Okay. These are phenomenal.

These are actually very good. I really like these. Okay, cool.

So we actually got some really good stuff from Claude. So what we're going to do now is there's two more things we need to do for Claude before we can actually get some good outputs from this. So number one is first we just need to like pick a hook we like.

So another key thing is you're going to notice is that all of them kind of hit on a different pain point of the current thing that people are using. So like this one's hitting on the price of moisturizers. This one actually doesn't hit on anything.

This one's talking about complexity. So a couple different ways to have a better product is simpler. So instead of having 20 different products you have to use, you can just use this one product.

Another one's price point. Instead of spending $200 a month, you can just use this one product. Another one's speed.

And another one's effectiveness. Okay. So I really like number five, the lazy girl's solution to glass skin.

So I'm going to tell Claude I like hook number five. Before writing me an ad script, I can ad script using that hook. Please analyze how my audience talks.

My ideal customer talks. Only use this as a reference and nothing more. Now what I'm going to do from here is I'm going to go to cockatoo.com.

So log in real quick. Boom. Upload.

I'm going to upload that MP3 we downloaded earlier. I'm going to view my transcript real quick. Give it a second.

Basically what I'm going to do here now is that we're actually going to use this to upload to Claude. It's going to give Claude just a little bit of like, Hey, this is kind of what my ideal customer talks like. Cool.

Copy that. All right. It's going to give you some insights real quick.

Cool. This analyst suggests we should write ad copy. That's casual, authentic, straightforward while maintaining some professional elements.

It's a paid ad. Would you like me to proceed writing the ad script? Yes.

Let's see what this gives us. Okay. Let's see how this is.

The lazy girl's solution to glass skin. Put it on, go to sleep, wake up glowing. Why Korean beauty experts call us the biggest skincare breakthrough 2024.

If you're like me and you're tired of the 10 step routines and expensive moisturizer that just sit there like we get, winter is coming for our skin's whole existence right now. Okay. So this is pretty decent.

I'm just going to copy this over and now we're actually going to go into our doc. Cause I'll, I'll rather edit it in here. Actually, let me do one more thing.

Um, please remove all filming instructions and B roll only shows script. I want to remove some of this stuff, make this easier. And then the one more thing I'm gonna do is please double space.

You're going to see why in a second, please double space each sentence and then copy. Come back here. I'm actually going to delete this.

There we go. Paste the file formatting. All right.

The lazy girl solution to glass skin. Put it on, go to sleep, wake up glowing. Why Korean beauty experts or calling this the biggest break skincare breakthrough 2024.

I'm actually going to mark this as 2025 because solution glass, put it on, go sleep, wake up glowing. Why are you going to call this the biggest breakthrough skincare 2025? I'm just going to call this.

Yeah. 2025 because we're going 2025 right now. If you're like me, you're tired of the 10 step routines, expensive moisturizers, uh, that just sit there.

So I'm just going to call out, um, the expenses, expensive moisturizers. You only want to call out one specifically. Actually, to be fair, I'm actually going to call this 10 step routines.

Why? Because lazy girl is emphasizing that we want a simpler routine. So this is for the girls out there who have this complex routine and they want less.

So it's going to make sense of why they go two and two together. Whereas if I want to keep expensive moisturizers, I would want to be calling that out the hook. All right.

Like me, just sit there. Like we get it. Winter is coming for our skin's whole existence right now.

But what if you could skip all that? What if glass skin was literally just one step away? The Korean college mass say less.

Um, obviously I would want to go and fill in our details, which exit or already closed in the, uh, Amazon thing. Pop it on before bed. And yes, you can literally be in the middle of your true crime podcast while, while doing this and let it do its thing.

Ooh. I love this. The collagen actually absorbs into your skin while you sleep.

That's really good. See how it turns clear. This literally your skin drinking it up.

Y'all see, this is not a filter. Not good lighting. This is literally my skin at like 7 AM.

Like boom. Our Korean collagen mass works with your skin's natural nighttime repair process, giving you that glass-like skin. I'm going to say this creation Korean collagen mass works with your skin because we're kind of doing it as more of a UGC video.

Uh, no more laying five different products. This is it. This is the whole routine.

Limited stock. Now available. Is that if saying limited stock now available?

Winter is only getting colder, which means more mornings of waking up, which means more mornings of waking up with dry skin. So don't wait to get. Oh wait, hold up.

Whole routine type years before winter ruin your home. So like we literally already have it right there. Boom.

All right. And I don't really care for these testimonials. So it's going to remove that and boom.

There we go. So that's it. So this is pretty good.

This will be our video script. Now I'm going to show you all one more thing we'll do here. Please add B roll to my script below.

And I'll check this out. This is going to basically be your filming instructions for each line. Lazy girl solution to glass skin.

Hook to Paris on a screen. Close up montage. Why Korean beauty experts call us the big guys expert.

Pre-to-re-shows at 25. Korean beauty influencers experts examining this mess. Yeah.

So this will basically be what your filming instructions would be. And I'm just going to paste this in here. Kind of replace it.

Boom. Here's your script. And what you can do actually is actually copy this over to a separate Google Doc.

And then I'll go to instance.pro. And here's where I'll actually hire a content creator to actually film this script. And I'll literally just send over this script to that particular creator.

And then the key things that I'll be looking for is my key visuals. I kind of wrote down reactions to the mask showing the skin looking glassy. So I'll do a final look over this on terms of like the B roll and everything like that.

Just to make sure that it actually matches with some of my research shows. And I'm going to be very picky about the girl I choose. I want to make sure I pick a girl that has glowing skin.

I'll probably even literally like message girls before I hire them and just be like, Hey, can you send me a picture of your face type of thing? Because I want to use a girl that already has very beautiful and glowing skin and hydrated skin that people want. Now we're going to do the photo script.

I mean, long story short, like once I hire that creator, I send them the script, send them the product. They film it. Boom.

That's it. And then we can launch in the account. But now let's look at the photo script because this is the next thing that I want to talk about real quick.

Because I know there'll be a couple of people like, Hey, Nick, how do you do this with a photo ad? Cool. Let's do that now.

So please, let's see. Let's first take our main hook that we used, which is the laziest girl's skincare routine. Please shorten this.

This is too long. Okay. The laziest girl's secret to glass skin.

One mess, one night, wake up glowing. All right, cool. This is good.

Please write me three sub headlines related to product. All right. Why do we want three sub headlines?

You'll see in a second. And I want to please shorten those as well. Let's see.

Laziest girl to glass, one mess. Honestly, I would just do it like this. So what we could do is boom.

Boom. We could do something like this. So let me just actually be easier to do it like this heading.

And then you could have your heading two. And then this could literally be your photo script like this. And then what we could do is main sensor text.

There we go. Okay. And then what we'll do is we'll put this text on the left side, the screen, and then left side of the screen.

We want three different image ads. One showing a beautiful girl smiling. Show a girl wearing the mask.

And then honestly, I don't really know about the other one. Mask, skin, girl, maybe laying in bed using mask. This will be a close up.

This will be more of like a wide shot. There we go. And this will be a close up right here.

So that way we'll have three different photo ads. We'll have the main photo ad or like the three different photo ads. All of them will say the lazy girl secrets of glass skin.

And then we'll have one mass, one night, wake up glowing. Now, keep in mind here, let's do hydrated skin. Cause that's the desire we're going after the lazy girl secret to hydrated skin.

And then we'll have that at the top. And then we'll have one mass, one night, wake up glowing. And then that'll be on the right side of the screen.

And the left side of the screen, we'll have one ad showing a beautiful girl smiling. Another ad showing a girl wearing the mask and another girl laying in bed using the mask. That'll be a little bit wider of shot right there.

Cool. So that's our photo script. This is our video script.

And this is literally how we write ads like this and hire creators from here for our photo script. What we'll do is I'll just send this over to my photo editor. He'll go and he'll just go like Adobe Photoshop or Canva.

And he'll make this in Canva. As far as these images right here, we may go and pay a girl on incense just to literally take those photos for us. Very simple for just showing a beautiful girl smiling.

I'll probably go on Shutterstock. And then what I'll do is I'll go on Shutterstock and I'll just find a beautiful girl like very, you know, stock photo image right there. So but yeah, and like these are literally just two concepts.

I'll probably go and do this for a couple of these other different avatars, different desires, like all of these things. And this is literally just what I did in like 30 minutes here. So hope you all enjoyed this video.

Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, do all this research, create all the creatives for you, run your Facebook ads and help you scale you to a million dollars a month.

Click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads. If you want me to mentor you and actually go through this process with you for your brand, do it with you. Then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

Peace out.