We did $100,000 in profit over 30 days with Shopify and Facebook ads for one of our clients. And I want to show you exactly step-by-step what we did over the last 30 days. So here's the proof first.

It's February 1st through February 29th. We did $648,000 in revenue, about $106,000 of net profit, which for this particular client is like, I would say within like 5% to 10% accuracy of actual profit that this particular client takes home. We spent a little around $271,000 on ads.

Now, here's the triple L just showing you different channels. Out of that $271,000, almost all of it was on Facebook, a little bit on TikTok, a little bit on Google ads. These were mostly just kind of like retargeting compared to like what we're spending on Facebook ads specifically.

So this is also too, just a Facebook ad account. So that way you guys can see how we leveraged pretty much just one campaign for the whole thing. We do have a country's campaign right now where we're testing a few countries before we go and build out all the other Shopify stores for all the other countries because I do like to do one Shopify store per country.

So that way it can be native currency and native language. Now, what was the first step we did? And that was looking at desire across the marketplace.

One of the biggest things that a lot of people forget about is that your ad needs to connect with people across the marketplace. A lot of people talk too much about their product and they do not talk about what is it that our customers want and start off with that right there. This particular client right here, they were running a hook that was like, you know, the top three reasons why you should buy X product.

And that's what allowed them to scale from like zero to like, you know, they were hovering about $5,000 a day when we came on board for this client and about, I don't know, maybe $20,000, $30,000 a month in profit. So what we did is we actually went look and we try to look at different reasons why people were purchasing this product. And we started to stumble upon different things.

Common one we were seeing was that girls were using this product for a girls night. So what we did was is we called out the perfect girls night activity. So they want something new and that's fun for girls night.

They have a desire. And then the sophistication, which we'll get to right here, is that they've tried a lot of different things for girls night. So we had to introduce a new mechanism, a new way for them to have fun on girls night.

Now, the cool thing here is that we didn't have to go rearrange anything on the product. The product was already the new mechanism because they never got this position in front of them as a girls night activity. So all we did in the creative here was that in the beginning, in the hook, we called out in this particular video creative, we leveraged what they want, which is a fun girls night.

And we showed visuals of a fun girls night happening. And then all we did was go into the product itself that allowed for that fun girls night activity. That's all we did right there.

And that allowed us to connect with people based off what they want, then go into how that product helps them achieve that. That's the structure we used for that video creative itself. Now, we just stumbled upon all of that from research.

And the way we did the research was we went through, you know, like social media comments, ad comments, reviews, those key things right there. We went through competitors selling the same product as us, but also the same problem. So in this particular case, this is a solutionware market.

They want a fun activity for girls night. So what we did was, is we would look for like other girls night activities. There's like painting with a twist.

There's just simply like drinking with wine. There's board games and stuff like that. We looked at some of these other products as well and seeing how they were positioning across the marketplace for that particular desire.

Also looked like YouTube, Reddit articles, ads from competitors as well. All of those good things. We also looked at community content.

So, you know, for example, just going on YouTube and searching up fun night for girls, girls night activities, and seeing also too how people are talking about the girls night and basically understanding what they were doing for those. Now, our goal here was to write down headlines that grab our attention, words that grab our attention, visuals that grab our attention, what people desire, dream, want. We're writing all of those things down.

So that way we start to script out the ad concepts and everything. We have all, everything we need from research to do the script out. A lot of people, they think that, hey, I just need to sit down and write a script.

It's like, no. What we need to do is we need to go do the research to figure out what we need to assemble together to make a great ad. And that's what we did next.

So we made our script. This is actually a different particular script that we showcased in right here. It's not the exact one.

But literally all we did was this is the script right here. And then this is our video. And then each scene in the video says this text and shows a visual for each one right there.

So we write out the script. I do have a full two hour video that goes over literally how to do all of this on my YouTube channel. So make sure to check that out.

That's like literally like free Facebook ads course. And I'll show you everything in this particular setting right here. And then this is just one of the videos right here of this exact script right here.

This is just showing it. This is maximum time frame. This is also actually about realistically, this ad's only been running about six months, about 180 days.

And we spent a little around $181,000 with a really good cost proposition. Now, that's how we tested one ad or that's how we came up with one ad. We'll test a multitude of new ads.

This is DCT 180 right here. So this is about 80 DCTs we've tested over the last year for this particular brand. So, you know, that's about, you know, one, two DCTs per week that we are pumping out.

So you have to think that long term. A lot of people in this channel, they test two DCTs and they're like, Nick, my DCTs not getting spin. I don't know what I'm doing.

It's like, yeah, DCTs are not getting spin because you're simply creating bad creatives. You can have the impression that your creatives are good, but at the end of the day, Facebook's going to humble you if, hey, this is good or hey, this is bad. From there, all we did was scale by 20%.

This is the exact scaling structure we did. So every day we look at yesterday in CCPA, that's new customer cost per acquisition. And we ask ourselves, hey, yesterday, did we hit target?

Yes. All right, cool. Increased spin by 20%.

And then all we do, that's a complete. We come back tomorrow. Now, if we didn't, then we basically just ask ourselves the question, have we waited for four days for it to be hit?

So I like to be above target in CCPA for four days before I start dropping budget so I can give Facebook a little time to optimize that new ad level or new ad spin. If no, if we haven't waited the full, you know, basically four days, basically just come back tomorrow. If we have waited the four days, I like to ask myself, are we at the hard deck?

Hard deck is just simply a level of ad spin. We never scale below. It'll be different for every brand.

And as you scale up more, the hard deck will rise as well. Basically, it's like, hey, if I made a couple million dollars on Facebook ads, I'm gonna set my hard deck at like $1,000 a day. So I can literally risk $30,000 a month on Facebook ads and because I made so much money.

And that way it gives me more opportunity to find those new winning ads because I have a lot of budget every day to test. If yes, do not decrease spin. If no, we're not the hard deck, then you can decrease something by 20% and come back the next day.

It's the exact scaling structure we've been leveraging for the last two to three years now. Now, next thing is launch new products. So this is a customer cohort for this particular brand right here.

And this is something we're actively working on now. So we have some brands with like an AOV of like $71, but then like a six month LTV of like $100. So this brand's finally at that stage now where we're hitting really hard on, hey, we're acquiring a lot of customers on a monthly basis.

These are all new customers, by the way. So April, 2023, thousand, June, thousand, July, thousand. Then August, we really start ramping up 4,000, 11,000, 10,000, 13,000, 22,000, 12,000.

And kind of scaled down a little bit as Q4. But again, Q4 is always going to be a lot better than like the rest of the year. So we're acquiring a lot of new customers on a monthly basis.

So what we want to do is as we acquire those new customers, instead of just churning and burning where it's like, hey, we acquired this new customer. Cool. All right, let's move on to the next one.

We want to continue to nurture that relationship and keep people purchasing new stuff. Now, a lot of people messed up here because what they'll do is they'll test out like two, three new products and then boom, that they don't purchase. I'm like, all right, I can never get my retention right.

Imagine if you go and eat at a restaurant for the first time in your life and you have a bad experience. Maybe like, you know, the other night I'm going to eat some sushi at a spot and sushi wasn't good. Like I ordered like four pieces, but like one piece was just like, it felt like it was out for like last week.

It was like bad fish. I never want to go to that sushi spot again. It's my first time ever going.

Everyone was saying how it's amazing it is. But because of that one bad incident right there, I never want to go back again, regardless of what people say. So you first have to make sure everyone's first purchase is amazing.

They're getting things shipped to them within seven days. They're enjoying the product. It's not breaking on them.

It actually lives up to everything you say in your ads. Then from there, you need to start looking at, okay, in surveying your customers, what do you want next? What are other problems you're having in your life?

What are other things we can help you with? Survey your customers and use that data to help launch new products that's going to facilitate that LTV inside the business. Then we'll use email and SMS.

Very simple to acquire those, you know, returning customers specifically for the business. But cool. Hope you guys enjoyed this video and make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you interested in me helping you run your Facebook ads, we help brands go from six to seven figures per month in revenue. We've helped four brands now. Love to help you be the next one.

Click link below. Have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And from there, if you want me to mentor you, show you how you can create better ads for your business, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Thank you all so much for watching. My name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.