I'm going to show you how you can create some Facebook ad hooks that scale relatively quick using AI. So we're going to have some fun with AI today. Just want to be clear here what a Facebook ad hook is.

So, you know, this is the creative itself. The hook is what they see in that first, you know, what I would say one to five seconds, right? And everything's going to be driven by that text.

Okay. So that text drives the visuals. It drives the script.

It drives everything else. I've never already showed you this creative a hundred times, but you know, just want to use it for reference and already showed you guys. And trust me, what I'm about to show you guys is going to be fun.

So number one, we found this particular hook right here, literally by just looking at the comments on ads. So we're going through all of our comments and we saw two girls tag each other and said, girls night soon question mark. So that's what led the idea of positioning this product for a girls night activity.

Now you can do this for your own research. Look at your Facebook ad comments, look at your reviews, look at competitors reviews. That's where a lot of your research can start.

And you're looking for the different ways that people are using this particular product. What problem it's solving? What do they want from the product?

Like those key things right there. I'm just looking through reviews. I've already done videos on market research on this channel.

Just go look up market research and it'll show you all of those step-by-step. Now, what we want to do here is we want to be able to create some more hooks off of this to be able to create some new scripts and things like that. So what we'll do here is we have our hook.

This is my girl who's going to need a girls night soon. And we want to take it to the next level or we want to create the first hook. So let's just imagine we found this through research, two girls tagging each other for girls night.

Let's go over into Claude. This is what I personally prefer over chat GPT. I know it's only available for USA right now, I want to say.

So if you can't access Claude, then use chat GPT. But what I'll do here is just simply type in. We have a, we, hold up.

Our product is a paint by numbers kit. Kit and our customers are buying it for a fun activity for girls night. There we go.

So let's look at this real quick. So telling Claude what our product is and the reason why customers are buying it. So go through your research.

Why are people buying your product? What are they using it for? Why do they want it?

And tell Claude that information right there. Now, what I'm going to do here is I'm going to use this headline strengthening document right here. You can just kind of see some of them pop up on the screen right here.

And then these are basically just loading into Claude some templates. If I remember, I may or may not put it below in the video, but you can get this in my course and inside of my inner circle. And then basically, all I'm doing is controlling, seeing, copying, pasting it in here.

And then I'm telling Claude to create me hooks using the templates below. And then there we go. Now we have a ton of new hooks that we can leverage, you know, essentially around that particular desire of an activity for girls night.

And you just give it a couple more seconds, let it go. Now we can actually review some of these right here. Now, key thing here before we start reviewing these is that number one, some of these are going to suck.

That's totally okay. Some of these are going to do amazing. And that's what we want.

We want to figure out the ones that really grab our attention. The other thing is I never just copy and paste these hooks into an ad. I always take these and I spend more time refining them to make them a little bit better.

So the big thing with copywriting is that the hardest part is the rough draft because you had to take all these ideas in your head and be able to put it on paper. But once you get it down on paper, it's easy for your brain to start flowing with the adjustments you want to make, critiques and stuff like that you want to make. And from there, you can start going ahead and, you know, like kind of what I would say, like doing that high level thinking and editing to make it like a really polished hook.

But again, the longest part and hardest part is that just rough draft on paper. So that's why I like to use AI just to get things down, just so I can start getting my brain to flow and the ideas to flow. So let's start going through some of these and just start like, hey, which ones do we like?

So I am five hours more relaxed. Now, keep in mind, our target audience is girls on girls night. And we want to make sure we're kind of hitting on that key thing right there.

Unleash your artists, your inner artists in just one night. You know, you could you could do something like unleash your inner artist with the girls on girls night. You can kind of tweak it for that.

Now, again, that wouldn't be the final hook I use, but I'd spend a little more time critiquing next. That's pretty long hook right there. But that's pretty good.

More creative fun than any other girls and activity. Oh, I like this one because it's calling out specifically what type of fun it is versus just saying, hey, more fun than any other girls night activity. I'd probably test both.

I would test with and without having creative in there. More fun than any other girls and activity. I love that versus more creative fun than any other girls and activity.

That's a solid one. Brush away stress and worries with the girls and girls night. That's probably something I would do versus just brush away stress and worries.

The art project you can't wait to touch with the girlies maybe. I don't know. Possibly.

I'm really liking so far three, four. Even if you've never painted before, you'll create a masterpiece. They laughed when I did when I said I'd host girls night, but then I brought out my paint the numbers.

Oh, okay. That's a good one. So they laughed when I said I'd host girls night.

But when I brought out the paint the numbers. Yeah, I love that one. It's the one that's like they laughed when I sat down on the piano.

But then when I started to play, create stunning art without any artistic scale. Nine out of 10 women prefer paint by numbers for the ultimate girls night. Oh, I love number nine.

Number nine could be a really good one for like a static creative right here. Just having this hook on the image and then showing like a women who are using the product and maybe having like a little visual of the product itself delivers hours of laughter, creativity and bonding. I love that one.

But I would say that's more of like a product aware level that we could probably run that one for. Who else wants an unforgettable girls night with no boring games? Ooh, that's another really good one right there.

How to have the most memorable girls night ever. Yeah. So look, you get the point from right here.

I'd keep going through these. I'd write down the ones I like. And then what I would do is I would write these hooks.

And then I would go ahead and start to write out scripts for each one of those. Now I will have another video for you guys going into how to write scripts and critique scripts and stuff like that, leveraging this exact strategy right here. So make sure you stick around for part two.

Long story short from here, I take these hooks and then I tweak them a little bit more and then I'd go write my script from those right there. So yeah, guys, that's Claude. And then again, this should be in the link below full credit because I did get these particular hooks from breakthrough advertising.

These are 33 from breakthrough advertising and we've been leveraging these for a while now and they've been super valuable to us. So yeah, that's how you can quickly create Facebook ad hooks that scale. Thank you all for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for part two or actually write out the rest of the script for this video. And from there, if you're interested in working with my agency, we help brands go from six figures a month to seven figures per month.

We've got four brands now and love to help you be the next one. Next is my mentoring program where on a monthly basis, I critique your Facebook ad creatives, how to improve them so you can scale your Facebook ads. Then lastly, if you want an intermediate to advanced Facebook ads course around marketing psychology and all those good things, then click link below for Nick's Facebook ads course.

Thank you all for watching. I'll see y'all in part two where we write a script for this video.