Yo, what's up guys? Nick here. Welcome back to the channel.

Today I want to talk to you guys about how to build an email list that's widely profitable without having to make all kinds of spam posts and throw in some groups and stuff. This will be using paid advertising. I'm going to show you everything.

So if you're really cheap and you don't care to grow an email list using paid advertising, then just skip this video as video is not for you. Let's jump in my computer and get started. All right guys, so we're in my computer now.

Again, another funny video, me trying to draw. So what I want to talk to you guys today about is basically building an email list and this email list right here is extremely profitable. There is millions made, billions made every year for businesses that have a extremely large email list and that can consistently market to.

So I want to show you guys there's three types of traffic, three types of traffic. There's the first one, which is traffic you own. There's traffic you don't control.

And then there's traffic you control. So what I'm talking about is traffic you own would be like your email list. And traffic you don't control would be like SEO, you know, Google SEO and stuff like that, hot topics.

And then traffic you control is, you know, you're paid, paid advertising. Try to make this a little quicker. So I'm going to do like abbreviations and stuff.

So what our goal is, is to get traffic, say from these two and turn them into traffic we own. So we're going to use SEO, use paid traffic and convert them into traffic we own. Because the cool thing about email list is literally all I pay per month for my list of about 800, a little over 800 for a local business.

I literally use it just to like advertise offers and stuff. And what's cool about it is, you know, I have the numbers nailed down to where if I send an email out, you know, about 25, 30% open and I have a higher conversion rate above 40, 50%. So, and it costs me nothing besides the, I think, $45 a month for active campaign.

And that's it. And I can keep sending out offers and I can send out an offer daily if I want. So, uh, very, very powerful.

And that's our goal. You know, that's, that's the goal you want. So, um, we're going to show you what people are doing nowadays to build up this list.

And, you know, there's people out there with a few million, I mean, there's marketers, affiliate marketers up there with a few million emails on a list. And all they do is send out emails daily. And they literally have it to where like, you know, they can send out an email, get a 33% open rate, um, with like a 10% opt-in rate.

You know, if you send that out to a million people, let's just say there's a, there's a huge ass list. All right. You know what?

Let's be a little bit more, more realistic. So, uh, for something like you guys, you know, let's say you build up a list, um, let's say a thousand. You get a thousand people on a list.

How profitable could it be? So you get a thousand people on a list. That's 300, let's say 333 people open it up and 10% opt-in.

Uh, that's about 33, uh, you know, 30, it's a little over 33 people, um, that actually like opt-in. So what you could do is you could come there and, uh, you know, that's 33 people that buy whatever the hell you're selling. So if you were selling a hundred dollar product that could convert to maybe what, uh, 3000, $3,000 right there, 300 in sales, all from, you know, having that one email list right there that loves you and you can consistently email market to.

So $3,000, um, and then you might've built that list of a thousand, uh, for maybe 250 a lead. So I hope you're not losing me. So you built that list for about 250 a lead.

So that's about $2,500 cost you to build it. But the thing is you can consistently remarket to that list. So you might pull $3,000 out of it once you might pull a thousand out of it next time, but then you email again, and then you pull 5,000 out.

So you consistently market to it over and over, you know, maybe send out offers a week. So the very, very first email, you might pull out a low amount, you know, definitely not enough to cover what you spend on it. But over time you keep building up that trust and relationship with the customer and more and more people buy more and more people open.

And, um, you know, you make your money back over time. So how are people doing this nowadays? Uh, so they're definitely using, you know, paid traffic and traffic, uh, they don't control like SEO.

Uh, a lot of people are just using paid traffic. So, uh, I'm pretty sure you've, you know, if you watch this channel, you've seen millionaire mentor on Instagram. You know, he's always posting like free webinars or, you know, free like little guides and stuff in his bio, people going out then and then they get, you know, marketed to it.

Not all of it is his marketing, but other people pay him. So traffic you paid for, uh, to send traffic to that landing page to get their email. So the best thing to do really is you to do like Instagram influencers and work with them.

Um, or, you know, Facebook ads, Facebook ads work still amazing regardless of what people say. They still work amazing. Okay.

Um, you can literally come there with Facebook ads and we're going to do is brand yourself. So brand yourself, uh, personal brand. Let's do, let's do something a little better than that.

So let's see you're a personal brand and your niche is, what is your niche? Um, let's say you're are in digital marketing, online marketing. So what you could do is you could literally come there.

So for online marketing, um, you could come there and create something, something, I'm not saying you don't have to create a full thousand dollar course and give it to for free, but you could do maybe like a, uh, swipe file of Facebook ads, top converting Facebook ads, say in like the chiropractic niche, uh, do a sales funnel. That's helped many other businesses. You could do just something of value that they have to opt in for.

And you can come there and you do this. Um, you can create a landing page, which click the link below is a free 14 day trial for click funnels, which I recommend. I use it personally and absolutely love it, but you can deliver value in exchange for, uh, their email.

So, um, literally Facebook ads, you know, throw your personal brand, you know, choose a niche. So online marketing, deliver some value and get their, their email exchange, you know, buy like get a landing page set up and get their email. Um, then you could come there.

Once you get their email, you can literally send daily. Emails if you want, uh, what I recommend is one is the, what Russell Brunson teaches. Um, that's the five day soap sequence.

Uh, so what this is, uh, the soap sequence, if I can get it. So, um, you basically send five days of emails and like, if you want to do your research on it, but it's like day one, you send like, an email that creates a problem. Day two further enhances that problem.

Day three, you know, causes like more drama for, uh, you reveal, you know, talk about how like the next day you're going to reveal that secret thing. And day five, you create some type of offer. So some type of, you know, grab my course or grab this product that solves all of your problems.

And then in exchange, you get paid money for it. Um, and then after that first five days of being on their email list, you can come there and push them all to a daily email. Um, which I recommend the sign field.

And again, it's another Russell Brunson. If you don't know, Russell Brunson is founder of click funnels, multimillionaire, et cetera. Amazing online marketer.

And he recommends it on a daily sign filled email, uh, which I love this big looper going through right here. Um, the daily sign fill is basically where you, you basically create a story every day and sell your product within it. So, uh, you know, with Facebook ads, you can talk about how, you know, Hey, this week I'm going on a lovely vacation with my wife and family.

Uh, we're going to go tour by Hawaii. I've always wanted to go to Hawaii and, um, blah, blah, blah. Just kind of talk about it, describe it, get it.

And then, um, be like, what, why am I telling you this? Because I made quarter of a million dollars this week. We're literally just running Facebook ads two to three hours a day.

If you want to run, learn how to run professionally, manage Facebook ads, grab this course below. And then it could be an affiliate link or it could be your course or et cetera. Um, and he recommends sending out emails like that daily called sign field.

Uh, highly recommend getting the.com secrets book. It's amazing. So, um, yeah, but that's pretty much how you build a list.

You run Facebook ads. Uh, personal brand is the easiest. So you don't need to go create a new company.

Just literally create a Facebook profile that your name, throw some photos and stuff up under it, uh, over it to build trust. Choose a niche. So let's say online marketing or, you know, let's say if it's fitness and you have a quick guide on how to trim, you know, how to count macros without, uh, or how to lose weight without, you know, eating super clean.

And just do like, uh, I, uh, FM, you know, if it fits in your macros. So then deliver the value, get their email by setting up a landing page, then go and, you know, do like the Russell Brunson method. You do the five day soap sequence, which is highly recommend doing some research on it.

It's creating a problem, you know, telling a story and then how that one product in the end sells all your problems. Um, and then you come there and push it into like a daily sign field, which is literally selling a product every single day. So I definitely recommend what to do now.

If you don't know how to run Facebook ads, learn how to run Facebook ads. I like Facebook ads just because it's still, they still work really good. Uh, they offer some really good scalability.

Um, and I mean, I can literally just come there and run Facebook ads to fitness people or online market or target people in digital marketing. You know, whatever I want. So guys, thank y'all for watching.

Y'all have.