So we just had two different brands now. One of them is on 100K a month, and we added $47,000 a month in revenue to our business within the first 60 days of us working together. And then we had a second brand that literally, we just cut their cost per acquisition down from $40 all the way down to $20 within the first seven days of us working together.

Now, both of these particular brands had what's called creative burnout. And by simply going ahead and fixing the issues that we'll be talking about today, we've been able to scale them and cut down the cost per acquisition. And this is exactly what you need to do so you can avoid the same thing.

So first off, for the first brand, we actually had to find the winning messaging first. Then once we found the winning messaging, we created what's called iterations and variations to keep the messaging alive. Now, I used to be against just iterations and variations, and now it's switched over to just new messaging.

But what I really like about iterations and variations is that this allows me to keep a messaging alive while also spending about 20% of my time on new messaging. So 80% of my ads every single week or iterations and variations, and 20% of my ads every week are gonna be new messaging, which is like whole new angles, whole new ideas, completely different than what I'm already doing now. If you want a more specific example from this, it'd be like how to scale Facebook ads versus how to find new winning creatives.

Two different types of desires in the marketplace for the Facebook ad community. Whereas iterations would be like different places I film the same video or different backgrounds on my static ads or different designs of my static ads that are very different from each other. And then variations is simply recreating top performing ads from other brands and then also to top performing Instagram reels, but leveraging the specific key messaging that I use in my winning ads right there.

Now for this first client that we added 47K in revenue to our business, all we simply did was just go and find new winning messaging. They were advertising to a very sophisticated marketplace and they were using low sophistication ad creatives. So what we needed to do was basically go recreate the creatives and focus specifically on the introducing of a new mechanism to reignite hope again for customers and grab their attention.

And for this particular client, they were advertising in the acne niche. So instead of saying something like how to get rid of acne or get rid of acne, which is a very low sophistication claim, we approached the stage three marketplace and talked about viral new laser treatment, vanishes acne in 30 minutes. Viral new, that's not really anything, but laser treatment is the new mechanism we're introducing in the marketplace.

And then we call out what people care about, which is vanishing acne, getting rid of acne. And then that's what they care about. Now, lastly, when you're introducing a new mechanism, you still have to have a reason why people should give a fuck about it.

If not, then it's just viral new laser treatment, vanishes acne. But there's nowhere and no place in someone's mind of where they prioritize that information. So the way we prioritize that information is by giving them a speed or giving them like without something they hate or something like that, that allows it to, for them to relate back to themselves.

We're like, oh wait, I need that. So that's why in 30 minutes, because a lot of people who have acne, they want to get rid of it as fast as possible. And that's what we discovered based off research.

So once we had that new winning messaging, then the next thing we focused on was iterations and variations off that messaging, where we created, for this particular client, we actually had static ads work really well. So we created 10 new static ads every week with just that same headline, but various different visuals to keep the messaging alive right there. And that allowed us to avoid creative fatigue and continue to scale the accounts where this month we're gonna do over $200 a month in revenue.

Now, that's one client right there where we were able to avoid creative fatigue so we can keep scaling our Facebook ads. Now, the next client right here, this particular client actually was working with another notable Facebook ads agency on Twitter that's relatively big, so I'm not gonna mention their name here, but they were working with this particular Twitter agency and just, again, really bad at maintaining the ads, weren't really testing a ton of creatives and stuff, and they started experiencing creative burnouts where their cost per acquisition just kept rising and rising and rising, and even though they were contracted to make new ads, they just weren't doing it. So we hopped in the account, we just took the same ad that was already working for this client or was working for this client, and we just created a whole bunch of iterations and variations for this client.

We launched about 20 of them in the first week of working with this client, and we were able to cut down cost per acquisition down from $40 all the way down to $20, where they were literally able to make the same amount of money with 50% less of your ad spend. So just imagine right now, the ad spend you have right now in your ad account, imagine spending 50% less and making the same amount of money right now. So it drastically increased profitability for the client to where now we were able to spend a lot more and keep scaling the account up.

So this is just two examples right here that's literally recently that we've been able to leverage. If you wanna learn more about how to actually do this for yourself, then click link below to my inner circle. This is where I show people how to scale their brands to million dollars months with e-com and Facebook ads.

And then if you're doing at least 100K a month in revenue, this is where I have what's called my agency, where I actually do the work for you. So it just kind of depends on where you're at, what you want, whether you want mentoring or you want someone to do it for you. Just at the agency, you have to be doing at least 100K a month in revenue for me to consider you as an applicant from there.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Take care.

Bye-bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye-bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

And by the rest of the day, bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.