How do you create Facebook video ads that scale after creating dozens of video ads that scaled clients to six and seven figures a month in revenue? Today, we'll be talking about exactly my thought process when it comes down to creating Facebook video ads that scale. So if we take a quick look right here, here's a few different examples of various different video ads we scaled.

We had this one specific one right here that spent $443,000 in ad spend, generated over 15,000 leads with literally a $28 CPL. I want to say this particular account right here has about a 5X return on ad spend on that particular creative itself. This specific video spent over $100,000 in revenue.

And I think this one was around right around 3X return on ad spend with over 5,500 purchases it drove for this particular brand right here. And even a smaller video right here of $64,000 with 3,000 purchases is driven for this brand. Now, when we're thinking about Facebook video ads that scale, a lot of the work to create a video ad that scale comes down to before you even literally go into any type of editing program or anything like that.

The very first thing that we have to understand is research. Now, for me with research, my objective with research is to learn. And I specifically want to know about one person.

And that is my customer. This allows me to basically go ahead and understand what I need to say to get someone to convert and give me cash. That's the power of research right there.

And there's a couple specific things that we're specifically looking for, which is called desire, awareness, and then sophistication. Cool. Now, these are the three key things I want to understand from research because this is going to be what I call like my marketing fundamentals that I leverage to be able to position my product, the hook I create, and all of those good things to be able to put in that video itself to get someone to convert into a paying customer.

And the first thing we'll start off with is desire. Now, desire essentially is what's on people's mind. Now, another thing I like to say, or another easy way to talk about desire is what do people give fuck about?

That's just like literally the easiest way to talk about desire. What do people care about right now? When I understand what people care about, that right there is what's going to drive my hook being the text part of the hook and the visual hook.

So like if we have a video like this, what you see on the screen, that's going to be what's called the VC. And then usually you'll see some type of like text on the screen right here. That is going to be your text hook, right?

So you have your, I don't know why I call it VC. VC does not make sense right there. So you have your visual hook, which is going to be what's on the screen.

Boom, boom, boom. And then the text hook is going to be the big text. That's kind of central on the screen right there.

So the first thing we understand is from research, what do people care about right now? Once we understand what people care about, then we can understand awareness stage. Now, awareness stage essentially just how close someone is versus how far someone is to your product.

Let's just say right now, like how many of y'all need a 5,000 megahertz ultrasonic cleaner? So I have no clue. Whereas if I said, how many of y'all want to have wider teeth?

It's like, oh, ton of people raise their hand. So you're aware of like, hey, I want wider teeth, but you're very far away from the fact of like in the buying cycle of needing that specific product right there. So in that case, awareness stage allows me to understand where people are, how far, how close they are to your product.

So they're very close. We can literally just say like, hey, 5,000 megahertz ultrasonic cleaner now by today. Whereas if they're very far away, we may have to do something like, do people make fun of your smile?

Well, you may have yellow teeth. Here's how you can fix your yellow teeth and get a brighter, wider smile. And then that'll basically go ahead and get people and move people closer to your product itself.

So from there, what we want to do is just understand which, what do people want? And if they're saying things like, I want a Lambo, then your product can help them get there by helping them make more money because they're broke right now. Well, guess what?

Like they're pretty like unaware in that sense. But if they want, and they're literally saying like, you know, comfortable running shoes, then they're pretty solution aware. And all we have to do is say, hey, here's my product.

So once we understand awareness stage, this is going to be a big, because the awareness stage right here, this is going to determine our video, you know, script basically. So let's say, for example, if they're unaware, then we have to take them to problem aware. Then we have to take them to solution.

Then we have to take them to product. And then we have to take them to aware. Whereas if they're already solution aware, then we all have to do is take them to product and then aware.

And if they're aware, we just have to literally call it aware thing right there. So like unaware could be like, hey, do you want, you know, millionaire buys Lamborghini? Boom.

Problem. I used to be broke all the time and trading my time for money solution. You need something that's going to allow you to make money 24 seven product.

Here's my crypto trading program. That's going to show you how to trade the markets 24 seven from wherever you're at. Boom, boom, boom.

If you buy now aware, if you buy now, you'll get a one-on-one coaching call with me for the next 10 people that buy. So you see right there, we just went from unaware, problem, where solution, where product, where aware, whereas like solution aware people might literally be like, huh, I just want more comfortable running shoes. Then it's like, all right, introducing the Nike five thousands with a dual carbon plate bottom, yada, yada, yada.

That's super, super comfortable. Next hundred people that buy get 20% off aware. And the cool thing to understand this is that each stage has different sizes and it gets smaller as you go down these stages right here.

So unaware is the biggest, that's where you're going to have the most money that you can spend, but it's the hardest to sell to. So the further you go up, yes, it's bigger people, but it's also significantly more expensive to sell to these people. And it becomes more challenging right there.

So we understand what people will give a fuck about right now in desire. And then awareness stage, we're actually going ahead. And this allows us to understand how far, how close they are to your product.

Now we understand the flow of our video script. The last thing we understand is sophistication. Sophistication is what makes you different.

Okay. This is going to be your USP basically right here. If you're driving down the road, boom, boom, boom, boom.

You're driving down the road. You look over to the right, you see a bunch of black and white cows, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. But then you see one cow that's purple.

All right. Which cow, as you're driving down that road, which cow are you going to remember? Likelihood it's going to be the purple cow.

Why? And I know that's pink. I'm not colorblind.

Why? Because it's the one that stands out. So sophistication is all about standing out.

Right. And there's a couple of different layers to stand out. There's your creatives.

There's going to be your offer. And then there's going to be the product itself. Obviously the biggest thing right here is going to be creatives.

Creatives is where it's going to first grab people's attention. So creative needs to be different. You need to have better creatives than other people.

Product needs to be better than other people. And then offer. Offer doesn't always have to be better, but for the most part, yeah, it has to be better than other people as well.

So your goal here is to understand and use sophistication as a way to stand out. And the cool thing about sophistication is that sophistication allows you to have a set of rules to be able to go out there. And I look at the market itself and then go ahead and understand, okay, what do I need to do in this particular situation to be able to stand out?

So like a stage one is going to be just base claim, right? So how to scale Facebook ads. All right.

So if everyone's saying a base claim, which is how to scale Facebook ads, then the next thing we need to start looking at is, okay, well, how do we exaggerate? And here's just like how to scale Facebook ads to 30K days. Boom.

Now in this particular situation, you actually have to have like the by-product of that. Like you have to be able to actually be able to have success to scale Facebook ads, 30K days. So that's why when I use that in my video titles and stuff, I actually have a proven background of helping brands scale to 30K plus days in revenue.

I'm not just saying it to say it. Now in sophistication level three, this is where we want to go and introduce a new mechanism. All right.

A mechanism is just simply a process to result. That's all it is. Okay.

So if we have a new mechanism, a new way, a new way, a new hope is really what you're inspiring here. You're giving people a new hope to achieve what they want because they failed with the other thing in the past. So this will be like how to scale Facebook ads with viral AI UGC ads.

Boom. I'm introducing a whole new mechanism. I'm introducing this idea of these viral AI UGC ads right here.

Now for sophistication level four, this right here is where we're just introducing a better mechanism. Now for a better mechanism, it has to be the same as this mechanism, just better though. That's the difference with it is that this new, this better mechanism has to be just simply better, but it has to be the same.

Now in this particular case for a sophistication level four, this is where I like to look at. You're no longer focusing on the desire. You're focusing on product versus product.

You know, this C4 energy drink versus a Celsius energy drink. They're both the same mechanism of energy drinks, but which one is better for me here? I, the desire changes a little bit because I'm no longer looking at, Oh, I want to scale Facebook ads.

It's I'm sold. I love the idea of scaling Facebook ads with these viral AI UGC ads, but now it changes to, okay, I want to introduce a better service for AI UGC ads. I want to showcase how our AI UGC ads that are the most realistic.

Now for a better mechanism here, you can talk about things that people hate about the old mechanism. You can talk about how this mechanism is better, faster, cheaper, more benefits right there. Now let's say for example, you do not have a better mechanism.

Boom. You don't have a new mechanism. Boom.

You just kind of have the same as everyone else. Then the next one, stage five is a new identity. Okay.

So we're no longer saying how to scale Facebook ads. We're saying how to scale Facebook ads for high ticket e-com. So here we're going after a sub, what's called a sub niche for his new identity.

So we have the big niche right here of scaling Facebook ads. We're going after a small identity of high ticket e-com. Now I know a lot of people are saying, well, why would you go after a smaller market?

The big reason is, is that would you rather have zero of a big market because you're just falling in between the cracks of everyone else or have a hundred percent of a small market. And I'm much rather that like, you can still do big dollars like this, right? Like it happens all the time.

What happens here though, is that when you have zero of a large market, you do nothing. You literally do nothing and it sucks. So these are your sophistication levels.

You have awareness levels. And what we want to look at here is okay. Well, look, people give a fuck about buying a Lamborghini, but they're completely unaware to the problem, or they just not really like sitting on the problem right now that they're broke.

They do care about buying a Lamborghini, but they're unaware to the fact that like the way of what they think they're going to go about, which is trading time for money and working nine to five. Like they'll just never be able to afford one that way. So they're unaware to the problem right there of trading time for money.

And the solution is a business that pays you 24 seven. So then the product right there, maybe crypto trading, for example, maybe it's running a Facebook ads agency. And what we then have to look at from there is okay, cool.

Well, how many people have done videos of buying a Lambo, right? So before it used to just be buying a Lambo. Now it turned into like, you know, 20 year old buys Lambo, right?

Then it turned into like 18 year old buys Lamborghini, or let's just say Lambo SVJ, which if you don't know what an SVJ is, it's one of my personal dream cars. I already bought the Urus, got the car Vette C8. Next car that I severely want is the SVJ.

SVJ is like just one of the top Lamborghinis you could possibly buy. Not necessarily top in terms of like financials, because like they only run about $700,000, or there's other Lamborghinis that go for a couple of million dollars. SVJ is just a really iconic Lamborghini.

Has a V12 and you know, a lot of people put the Gentani straight pipe exhaust on it and stuff. And it's sounds amazing. It sounds like a fucking F1 car going down the road.

Anyway, this right here is what we're seeing is that this video became the other cows, which is just buying a Lambo. So over the years, we've seen more videos like this come up and start to be what's called the purple cows. Why?

Because we're exaggerating the fuck out of the claim. Then we also have new mechanism, which would be something like buying a Lambo with Facebook ads. Okay.

How's this a new mechanism? We're positioning a whole fresh new opportunity for the people that watched a bunch of buying a Lambo videos. Now we're just positioning a new mechanism, a new mechanism, basically a new way to buy a Lambo.

Right? So they probably saw like crypto. They probably saw like stocks in the others.

They probably saw maybe drop shipping. Boom. Where like for me, I positioned Facebook ads, you know, becoming marketer.

Right? So all we simply do from there is we then go ahead, take our desire that we found our awareness. We want to take people through and the sophistication we want to play in.

And here we write our hook. Now from here, the hook, there's three key things on the hook. One implied benefit to it needs to drive curiosity.

And then lastly, it needs to hit on a ideal audience. That's what I call my golden hook formula right there. So let's just say, for example, some dude, he goes down the, down the cliff of looking at Lamborghini videos.

And, um, you know, he sees a couple of people buying Lamborghinis and stuff. I'll literally use like for me, I did buying a Lamborghini with Facebook ads. Boom.

So now here we have our benefit. We have our curiosity right here, because this is like, what's Facebook ads again, we're marketing to people that never saw Facebook ads before they don't watch this channel. And then the other thing is for ideal audience.

We also hit on this as well for buying Lambo, because what happens is for this ideal audience, we're calling out a benefit that they specifically want. So ideal audiences, maybe not always moms who are postpartum or moms who are breastfeeding or dads who have the beer gut. It's also can be just the main benefit that we're calling out is specifically only to a subset of people right there.

I'm not just saying buying a car with Facebook ads, like that's boring. I'm saying buying a Lamborghini because I specifically want to go after like money hungry individuals right there. Now that I got my hook and now I want to start writing my script, I need to understand what I want to flow through.

This is where I go back to awareness. So for me, I want to hit unaware. So I'm opening it with a big win, which equals buying a Lambo.

Now the problem is going to equal the fact that you're trading time for money. Okay. Now the solution is going to be a business and then the product will just be Facebook ads agency program and then aware just buy now and get one-on-one with Nick.

Now I like to understand first here, this helps me out a lot to understand like, all right, what all do I need to flow through for this particular script? Once I understand what I need to flow through, then I know what I actually need to like say as I'm writing this particular script first. Now I'm actually going to write this.

All right. Yeah, we'll give this a shot. I'll just kind of talk it through real quick.

I'll be very direct on this. Like let's say, here's how you can buy a Lamborghini with Facebook ads, or I'd probably start the video with something around buying a Lamborghini with Facebook ads. We start off with buying the Lamborghini and stuff.

Then we'll go into like, you know, Hey, how do I for this? Well, first things first is that the big mistake a lot of people have is that they're trading time for money. And you know, every time you go in and you clock out, you know, so many hours a week, like just based off of that trajectory, your raises, your bonuses and stuff like that, there's no jobs that could potentially pay you that much.

So the solution is that you need a business or a side hustle that pays you literally 24 seven to where you're not trading your time for money right there. If you want something like that, this is where my favorite is a Facebook ads agency. My favorite reason for the Facebook ads agency is because it's low cost to start up.

Unlike crypto stock, investing other big business models and stuff. And you can literally learn most of these skill sets very easy. And there's a large pool of people, yada, yada, yada below.

I have my coaching program where if you buy now, you get a one-on-one call from me for the first 10 people that buy. Boom. Now, other key things I like to implement in scripts that help out a lot is that repetition is super key.

Repetition is just where you basically take the desired state, which is buying a Lamborghini. And you repeat that a couple different times. So like after I show off the Lamborghini buying it and stuff like that, then I go into the sense of like trading time for money.

You'll never buy a Lamborghini. Then the solution, you need a business that pays you 24 seven. That's the only way I've been able to afford this car right here is because I found a business model that pays me 24 seven.

Now I've tried a lot of other business models and none of them allowed me to be able to achieve the success of chief now. But since I started a Facebook ads agency, it made my time to buy a Lamborghini significantly shorter. See, I just mentioned Lamborghini a couple of times and showed case how I'm tying into that desired state right there.

So repetition of that desired state is super important. You want to hit on this multiple times. I like to hit on it at least three to four times on a very small level.

And in some ads, it might be like, you know, three or four minute long ad where I'm hitting on it like 20 to 30 times, but repetitions equal confidence. And what is that confidence? It's confidence in the belief they need to have.

I always tell people, it's like, if I go flip on this light switch, it's like, or anytime you go into a room and you flip on a light switch, you never really question whether there's white light switch will work. You just know for a fact that like, if I flip this light switch, the lights come on, you've gained confidence in that because you've had so many reps of doing it throughout your whole life. So in marketing, marketing, a lot of it is just repetition of a desired state being achieved, which is going to create confidence in the belief that they need to have to be able to buy or to be ready to buy your product.

Now, the other thing I like to hit on is questions and objections. So after, as we're going through this, we want to always ask ourselves is, would someone agree with this statement? So as I'm writing line by line, would someone agree with that statement?

Yes or no? Yes. Okay, cool.

Move on to the next one. Let's say business that pay you 24 seven. You need a business that pays you 24 seven.

So you can afford a Lamborghini. Oh, maybe, well, someone could go be a doctor. They could afford a Lamborghini.

Okay, cool. That's an objection. People wouldn't agree with that statement.

So you need a business that pays you 24 seven to be able to afford a Lamborghini. Now I know what you're thinking. Oh, I could just go and become a lawyer or a doctor.

But yes, that's taking the next 10 years of your life and hundreds of thousands of dollars of student loan debt, and then only to afford or have a job after that makes you very marginally small amount of money to where a large percentage of that note for that car would just simply be literally taken and consumed by that note. So for me, it's like you need a business that pays you 24 seven, that's going to pay you substantially more than even something like a doctor or a lawyer salary, to be fair. So you notice how right there, as I'm writing that and going through this whole script, I'm actively asking myself, do people have questioned this?

Do people agree with this? And then if I feel like they will not agree with that statement right there, I'll simply go ahead and just address it on the next line. So I say something, will people agree with this?

If they have a question or objection around it, I answer that. Now, a lot of this is just more kind of intuition as I'm writing because I'm not actively getting feedback as I'm writing on this from my customers. But occasionally we will see common objections and questions on the ad comments.

And as we create new ads, we answer those questions and objections in those ad comments right there. So cool. Once we finish basically all of this, this is going to give us the rough draft of this script.

Now, after the rough draft, the very first thing I like to do through the rough draft right here is just looking at, you know, looking at it from the lens of a marketer and just understanding what can I tweak? What can I specifically add to this? That's going to increase desire.

What things I could add to this that maybe answer questions, answer objections. What's things I can add to this? That's like more descriptive words and stuff like that.

Then the next thing is I want to cut the fat. So here's just where like, if there's anything that's just like, eh, that's just kind of long winded. It's boring.

That's cut the fat. There's really no right or wrong answer. It's just, as you're reading it through, you're like, damn, this is getting boring.

All right, cool. Just cut the fat, remove that part out of it. And then the lastly, you'll rewrite for flow.

So here is just where you take all of those things we just did here. And then we just rewrite it one more time for flow to where I can talk. And it sounds like a normal conversation.

I want to make sure I'm reading it out loud. Everything flows very nicely right there. Now, once you apply all of this, this is exactly what we do for literally creating scripts that spend hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue for clients.

If you have questions and you want to understand how to better apply this specifically for yourself, then I have my inner circle where we'll hop on one-on-one calls. We'll go over your ad scripts. We'll give you our, I'll give you specific feedback.

So one-on-one calls with me, no other coaches or anything like that. You can also one-on-one DM me. I have group calls.

And also, of course, that goes further into all of these things right here. Then on top of that, also my agency where I do all this for you, just for the agency, you have to be doing at least a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue. So if you enjoy these types of things like this, and you want someone to come in, that's an expert.

It's been there and done that. And once you want them to apply this for your specific business, then I'm an agency below where I come in and do all this for you. Hope you guys enjoyed this video.

If y'all did hit the like button, new videos, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Therrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.