Hey guys, what's going on? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I'll be taking you through how to plan angles for products and also to kind of how to like plan out scenes. This is going to be a very kind of different type of video really and I'm not really sure the best way to kind of portray this but I'm basically going to show you how to plan out creative content, dig into your customer avatar and really figure out how are they thinking so that way we can portray that in ads to boost performance with your creative account stuff or creative in your ad account. So with that being said before we get started hit that like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday just like this one.

That being said let's dive into it guys. So this will be kind of like I guess a part two. We use this particular video creative for this ad right here in the video we did I think the other day Wednesday but today we're actually going to go take this a step further and I want to introduce you guys to the emotion wheel.

This particular emotion wheel right here we use when we're planning out an ad creative. So basically when a lot of people get like a product position in front of them they're like okay how can we market this product? You know what are the different core emotions that are involved around it that we can use to kind of maybe grab attention or really hit on for desire and stuff?

You know I think the first things first is like people buy with emotion and justify with logic. So like that's a big thing right there. So we want to be able to instill emotion to really grab people's attention and really hit on certain things before we start shifting more into more of the logistical side the logic side of why they should purchase particular product.

So what we like to do is we like to take this emotion wheel and we like to ask ourselves certain questions about our product about what they fear, what they love, what they joy, you know what brings them joy, what surprises them, what brings what like a sadness for them and everything. And then that way we can actually portray that in the creative to essentially grab their attention and further kind of like we're talking to them essentially. So with that being said the way we like to do it take a google sheet and we take these core emotions.

So I think this is six right here. Yeah one two three four five six. So these are six core emotions and you can just look at these and be like okay hey you know we operate off of these particular emotions.

Love, fear, anger, sadness, surprise, joy. So let's be like really happy. This will be you know just feeling loved and everything.

Doing something you love, love, yada yada yada. Fear, something I fear, scared of, anger, something that you know either disappoint me, makes me mad that you know those things. And then sadness and I think sadness is actually disappointment.

Yeah disappointment. So sadness might be disappointed, sad, surprised, might be you know something unexpected or you know wow happy kind of in that way happy, moved, stunned, confused. So I definitely do like to look at the second level even third level emotions that we can also put under these specific categories because it further helps us go ahead and you know kind of like portray that.

So in this emotion wheel you can literally just type in like emotion wheel on google and you can find quite a few of them. A few of them are different though. They all pretty much base around these six to eight emotions but some of them might have slightly different words used for the emotions and stuff but that's okay.

So what is this important? Why is this important? Because it allows us to dig deeper into our customer avatar while thinking about our product.

So it's very big right there. So the product we're going to use for this particular video right here is this SoundCloud, not SoundCloud, SandCloud Blanket. So this SoundCloud SandCloud towel, not blanket, is a blanket that was designed to remove you know dry fast, not be musky.

It's longer and wider than your typical towel and then it's lightweight, easy to store. So like those are all big things right there. So when we're thinking about that, we bring you think about those benefits of the product and some of the features and stuff.

Now we can go to our emotion wheel right here and start thinking about hey how does this particular like product invoke love and you know love like let's just think about this product and love. Okay so what are some of the angles around that right there? So for us you know again not every single one is going to have a ton of answers.

Some might have one, some might have 50. So love because it's holiday season right now so it can be gifted to someone they love. How does this product make someone feel love?

What does this product do for love? Okay and again some people it may not it may not be one of those straightforward things and again you may not have 50 different answers for it. So love, towel, towel and love and let's see let's see I'm trying to think off the top of my head.

What else can you give to someone they love? So like you can give this product to someone you love which is really great for a holiday angle right now and then let's see love you got to think about the consumer someone's just getting out of the shower you know they love that warm comfort the towel gives them after a shower and a lot of this can also be done through customer avatar research by reading reviews and stuff but I definitely like to also start off by just jotting down things I believe and just really trying to put myself in the consumer perspective. Now what's something they fear?

So they fear that after they turn off the hot water of their shower they fear coldness I think that's a big one. There's not much fear emotion around a towel as far as like really like you know depending on the products enough more or less. Coldness after the shower yeah that's about it for that you know you wrap your towel around you turn off that warm water you get out of a one that warm bath and you're cold and you just you you know you fear that that moment of cold anger what angers you and this is where we can dive further into this particular product and this can be towels smelling musky after a few days towels taking forever to dry.

So some people like like to reuse their towels they'll you know like a drying towel so like they'll use one Monday night then reuse it Tuesday night and then it'll take forever to dry and then a Tuesday night they go and they get up with this nice warm shower it's only put around a moist towel that's just like not warm and stuff like that because it's still a little moist. Anger how does it and again this this could be like what angers them what angers them that our product can solve and that's also another thing big key thing you gotta understand when you're looking at like fear and anger and stuff like that is what can our product also solve because obviously if it's something it doesn't solve then it's no point of really you could write it down I think further into it but also to the same time you don't necessarily need you know if you have something on there that's completely unrelated to your product your product can't solve it or help it or benefit it or anything like that then it pretty much is just pointless to have so the next one can be towels so you get off a hot bath and stuff you get a hot shower and everything and then hey like what you know put a wrap a towel around you and then it doesn't cover up your full body maybe you're a taller person and or bigger person and just it feels small around you okay I'm trying to look at disappointed because I have one for disappointed so our which is in sadness and in this specific one right here they talk about takes up less space now takes up less space can be anger and sadness and we'll cover that in a second but let's see if there's any more on anger what else angers as far towels and that's it now another one could be musky towels and that could either be anger it also could be to um let's go look into our emotional wheel I was trying to think there's one that's like disgusted or yeah so disgust is an anger as well oh wait we already have that in there never mind okay so that's some good ones right there now sadness how can you be sad after a towel and I don't really think there's anything core around sadness for this particular product um don't really like pretty much uh you know don't really have anything around sadness you could go ahead and put disappointed as well for something that angers you in terms of like you know some of these right here some of these could also like make you disappointed and stuff but I definitely think it's more of a stronger version of anger for this so honestly I'm just not going to put anything because I don't really can think of anything right now at least for sadness around a towel why would you be sad around a towel kind of think oh I do know another one for towels and it's also answered in here is girls using it for their hair and the towel being big and bulky oh and then the last one that they use is takes up lots of space so our put our this particular product our product quote unquote and again I do not work for this brand don't have any affiliation with this brand we're not an agency for them yada yada yada it's just someone I found online they also promote that hey it doesn't take up a lot of space so that could be either even an anger or even just a level of sadness maybe frustration or disappointment um running out space in their apartment for new towels let's just say that right there so it's just kind of something that just gets on them not really an anger or like you know aggravation stuff but just like damn you know really wish I could but I can't now surprise surprise this one is a little bit hard harder I like to kind of look at it as more as like kind of either like a joy as well and I like to kind of keep flipping back to this just so I can kind of see these different things right here um because joy and surprise I find is pretty borderline when it comes down to advertising it's just showing like kind of peak pleasure peak stuff so what I really like to look at is okay joy what how could this product bring joy to the consumer okay what would bring massive joy to consumer and that'd be getting out of the shower and staying I think that's a big one right there have we discussed it a few times now this is also to having a towel that completely wraps the body and let's see so what I can start doing right here is and a lot of these might be polar opposites of anger depending on your product probably polar opposites of anger but what you can start to do now is you can start to see now looking at this particular product you could start to see and start getting creative ideas as well as angle ideas um as well for your product so you know one core thing right here we're seeing is we're seeing a lot of the pain points and problem points and stuff and then we're also starting to see a lot of what makes people happy and stuff and then we can start to think about okay what are the mental pictures that are in people's mind so anger might be towel smelling musky after a few days what are the mental pictures of that and that's just walking by and it's smelling nasty towel's taking forever to dry and being moist for next shower you could kind of like show a damp towel um and then like putting it on and it's just being wet and nasty and just like like really discomforting towel's not covering up my whole body wrapping around a towel and just like kind of like pulling it up but then it goes down then you have to pull it down and up and it's just like this frustrational battle right there girls using it for their hair and towels being big and bulky maybe girl putting it on you know imagine like having it on it's just like weighing down her head and it's just like irritating right there but then there's the joy side where it's like someone's happy and showing expression and happiness after they get out of the bathtub and using this product you know we're just walking around fully you know using the product wrapping around their body and happy with it and content with it and then having a towel that's easy to store so it's another one right here easily be able to store it around the um you know your house and everything having a towel that's fast drying so just a nice warm dry towel putting it first wrapping around your body and just enjoying it so there's a lot of these cool things right here that once you kind of go through the core emotions around your product you know how does this product invoke joy bring joy how does this product solve joy how does this product stop so i like to say that stop anger stop fear what's a fear they have what's what are why are they're angry now what's making them angry you just have to kind of actually self these questions around the product effectively kind of come up with this and then also to do a lot of competitor research looking at ad reviews look at like reviews on their amazon listings if they're amazon maybe amazon similar products to your competitors or your product to be able to see how people talk about these current problems and desires they have and basically what this is right here is this starts to create desires that they they have and as a marketer we connect these desires to the product so these are current problems they have and this is their desires they have and as a marketer we're going to portray video that's going to take them from here to here and that's how it makes that mental connection in their mind that they need this product now if we go back over here we can start digging into this and again you know it's a little different for this perspective right here because you know we actually saw the video first before taking into this so it kind of cheated a little bit in that perspective so that's why it's a little easier for me to do it but with long spending spending a lot of time on this doing some thinking time in depth around this it's going to allow you to come up with new angles and new ideas for around your product so this particular creative just going back through you know again just showing people using it showing that they're stylish and everything showing off the different collection variety and stuff like that showing how easy it is for a girl so just kind of fold it up real quick make it easy fast drying so again just showing us how drying off saying it's fast drying so we didn't even need to do that this girl you know she has it on says lightweight so that you're gentle in your hair she's you know kind of happy right there easy just you know she's small too so like it's it's all just setting up that scene right there take up less space how effortlessly you can put them together put them away no big deal at all just showing off kind of like the different um you know parts they have showing a girl that's using it plus like talking about a good review about it less space again showing it in you showing it at use um and this is more of that just getting out of the shower happy really smiling like this right here is where it's really showing off that joy perspective of this product right there and further digging into that joy motion and stuff and you can even say love too as well so yeah so this is pretty much how we kind of dig into a product and we start coming up with either a different angles and stuff and just kind of getting ideas flowing around the creative to where we can start coming up with creative ideas what needs to be in the scene what kind of actors do we need what kind of emotions they need to convey into the consumer for this scene this scene this scene like all of this goes into planning when you're planning out creative content and it's very important you have a solid system to do this because if you're just going around like oh what kind of content can we put together this is a more better way essentially to kind of go through that and then really think about the different emotions and stuff and think about the mental pictures people have in their mind around these certain emotions as well and then portraying those in creative content so i really hope you guys enjoyed this video uh definitely more of a longer video kind of more of a freestyle video um none of this was planned before literally just took an ad and dug into it and showed you guys kind of our process so really hope you all enjoyed it if you're an econ brand doing at least 25 000 per month in revenue make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team we've helped multiple businesses scale to six and seven figures by implementing a proper creative strategy in their ads and then scaling the hell all their ads essentially you know once we've kind of got their creative and their copy down all that good stuff anyway it's a scale and spin a lot more because that's the cheapest way to increase your performance with advertising so again just click the link below book call with me my team we'll do a call with you learn a little bit more about your business dive into your ad account do a brand account audit then we'll present you our findings and you'll have the option to either take those and run with it or you'll have the option to work with those if you choose now that being said if you like this video hit that like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every monday wednesday and friday and guys it's about that time my name is nick terrio thank you so much for watching this video hope you have a great day talk to you guys later peace