How to build an ad concept. I know a lot of people have been asking this, and I know it's probably long overdue, but today I'll be actually going through the process of literally starting with nothing and actually building an ad concept, which you guys, everything we put together, I'm gonna show you guys some ads that we recently created as well for our clients. So it should be pretty fun.

This'll be a cool little video to do with you guys. So before we get started, if you're questioning who I am, why am I credible to be teaching this? My name is Nick Terrio.

I own an advertising agency. I've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads, and I spend a million dollars to month on Facebook ads at any given time. So if you're questioning about my advertising agency and our services and stuff like that, click link below that says, have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads.

Also too, I do coach a few students. So click link below that also says, have Nick Terrio mentor you if you're looking for more mentoring perspective, okay? So before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, let's see Friday and let's dive into this video.

I'm really, it'll be loose. No really like plans for it. I'm still trying to take you through a raw, me building an ad with you guys.

So, all right, and let's get this started because I want to do this before this 30 minutes of camera footage dies. So let's get started. First thing you have to understand, and I'm just going to literally just type this up really quick, is that each ad concept, so one times ad concept, there's a few things, okay?

There's three creatives, one body copy, and one headline, okay? Now, for the three creatives, they're going to be all photos or all videos, okay? Boom.

So I just want to make sure you guys are aware of that, okay? Now, the next thing is that one ad concept can be, and then it can be an iteration, ideation, or imitation, okay? What does that mean?

All right, imitation is basically just, da-da-da. Imitation basically just means, I saw an ad, an ad, and I want to recreate it. An ideation is, I have an idea from scratch, and then an iteration is, I like this about our, you know, I like our ad, or I like our ad, but can we try replacing this scene, okay?

So basically, it's just, you know, making an edit to one of your ads that's already currently active, okay? So just a few things you guys have to understand, okay? So when I actually sit down, and I create a new ad concept, I first kind of go through, okay, which do I want to do?

Do I want to do iteration, and ideation, or imitation, okay? I'll show you guys those in a second as well. In fact, I'll just actually just show that to you now.

So here is a iteration, okay? So basically, this iteration is, I took a already successful ad for, you know, this particular client. It doesn't even have to be successful, okay?

This ad actually was not successful. I literally, you know, put it all together myself, okay? So I took an ad that wasn't successful at all.

I saw a bunch of opportunities we could do to improve it, and then I basically submitted these new creative headlines. I put these new, like basically, like new headlines for this specific video, send it over to my video editor, and he recreated the whole thing. And just to show you guys what that looks like, you can see right here, you know, that exact script just directly in here, okay?

Boom, boom. You can see how each headline is like for each scene, basically, okay? So, you know, if we go look right here, how to cut five shots of your handicap without changing your swing, introducing, imagining golf, blah, blah, all the way, okay?

So that's an iteration. All I basically did was take a video, and I just wrote some new headlines for it. You might not even have to write new headlines, okay?

So let me say, for example, let's say I don't like this scene at all, and then I want to try a new scene, okay? Maybe we want the ball going in the hole, all right? And then my video editor goes make a new video with the ball going in the hole.

Now, I already did it because we do three videos, okay? That's also another key thing right here. One ad concept is three creatives.

All photos are all videos. So you can see right here, this one particular ad concept is the same exact three videos, all with a different hook. Visual hook, okay?

So that's also another key thing right there. For my very first time when I launch something, I want to make sure they all have the exact same hook, just a different visual hook for each, okay? They all have the exact same messaging.

They're all edited the same way. They all have the same visuals throughout the video, okay? So that's another key thing right there.

I want you guys to understand, okay? So that's an iteration, all right? Now, what's an imitation, okay?

So for an imitation, for example, I recently came across this ad. They laughed when I sat down at the piano, but when I started to play a really successful ad, I just wanted to recreate it in that aspect right there of, hey, I think it's gonna be really cool to essentially just recreate, okay? So what we did was is we went ahead and recreated it.

This is a photo ad in this particular case, okay? So it's a photo ad, and what we did was is we created three particular photos in that case right there. So yeah, and then we went through and we created three photos for this, okay?

Boom, boom, boom. All right, now these actually didn't get approved, so these are not the final photos just because of the copy just did not work. Like, not the copy didn't work.

The copy just didn't really go well for our audience. So we had to, we recreated all that, and that's not the finals actually we launched, okay? So this particular one, you can see the copy's much longer than this one where the copy's literally just one round.

Now, I don't really have a guide on long copy or short copy. In this particular case, it had to be long because of the way we're approaching that specific market. We're approaching an unaware market, and we're also approaching, you know, we're doing this with a photo.

So the photo is just to grab attention, and then the copy opens up an unaware market, which if you don't know what an unaware market is, it's the hardest and longest one to open up, okay? So next thing, obviously you can see our headline, and then you can see the creative headlines in that case. Okay, cool.

So that's an imitation, okay? We basically, we had the idea, you know, this is for piano, and then I'm leveraging it for golf, okay? Very simple.

All right, so that's an imitation. Now, what about an ideation, okay? So ideation is more completely from scratch, and that's what I'm hoping to showcase more in this video.

So I'm just gonna start this off with V1 right here. First thing is you need your product. Just for the sake of the video, I'm just gonna do, you know, done for you Facebook ads, because that's like my main product for like my agency.

So done for you Facebook ads, boom. Okay, cool. Now, next thing we're gonna do is we're actually going to slide my screen over a little bit.

I'm actually gonna use this document, how to build Facebook ads to convert. That's literally the document we follow for every single Facebook ads, okay? And you guys already have access to this if you just go to how to build Facebook ads to convert 2023.

Yeah, like literally, you get access to this whole document. It's a four-part series that explain everything, okay? Cool.

That's it. That's all you need to know. All right, so let's just go through this, okay?

So let's first look at the first thing, desire. So let's just go start making a note on this, desire. What is the desire of the market, okay?

Now, here's where you wanna go do research. You wanna watch YouTube videos. You wanna look at Amazon listings, all that good stuff to determine this.

But I already know this because I've done all this research already. And just because I wanna keep this video somewhat short, I'm not gonna go into all that, okay? But the main desire for Facebook ads really is, I would say, just scale business to make more money.

And honestly, I would say even just make more money. That's the main desire for this. Make more money.

Da-da-da. Okay, cool. As you know, in the video, I do some other stuff with desire.

Like, why? Why do you wanna make more money, okay? So we're gonna do that right here.

You know, why? Why do you wanna make more money? I find that a lot of our clients wanna make more money with Facebook ads so they can hire more team.

So they can hire more team. Hire more team. And then it's like, okay, why?

Why do you wanna hire more team? So I can remove myself more out of the business. And then why?

And go three levels deep. Why? Why?

You know, so I can travel more, travel more, enjoy more time with my family. Time with my family. Truly work a four-hour work week, okay?

Boom. Or you need to just say work less. All right, so that's our desire portion of this.

Complete it. Let's go over to the next thing, okay? Now we go to market awareness, okay?

This is where we wanna pick up the conversation, all right? So what level is our market awareness, okay? Now, for us, we know it is problem aware, all right?

And why? Like, how do you know it's problem aware, okay? Well, and actually you could even say more a solution aware.

And why do I say solution aware? Because it kind of depends on your positioning, okay? I position our agency for people that's already doing 50 to 100K a month and already actively doing Facebook ads, okay?

Whereas for most people, if they're going after people who are, you know, I don't know, people who've never even done Facebook ads, they're more like problem aware, okay? So I would say for this particular scenario here, I'm just gonna do problem aware for the sake of this video. Problem aware, it's just, hey, I'm not hitting my business goals.

I have a problem. I need to grow my business. So problem aware, boom.

Solution aware is they're actively aware of Facebook ad agencies as one of the solutions to solve their problems, okay? Problem aware, again, they're aware of the problem. That's not hitting business goals, okay?

Boom, all right, cool. Now we're gonna go to market sophistication. All right, so market sophistication is how many products have they seen before yours, okay?

Now, this is actually something very, very interesting, okay? Because if they never worked with a Facebook ads agency, okay? Then they're more problem aware, not in their business goals, stuff like that.

If they have worked with Facebook ads agencies already, they're more product aware, and then they're also in a third level of market sophistication. Why? Because they've worked with Facebook ads agencies already.

I'm another Facebook ads agency. So now they're just, they're already aware, product aware in that aspect right there. But they've also seen other products and used other products, okay?

So now for a pitch for a Facebook ads agency, we have to dig deeper into a new mechanism, okay? But because we're going after people who are problem aware and are basically just struggling to grow their business, we're not necessarily targeting people who've used Facebook ads before, okay? We're targeting people who are more completely, you know, again, unaware to the solution, which is Facebook ads.

They're probably anywhere from zero to $10,000 a month or zero to 25K a month, or they're already going 1500K a month, but they just, they never use Facebook ads yet, okay? So in this particular case, then it's like a stage, you know, number one, where we simply just have to state the claim. Now, if I wanted to go after a more prestigious business that's already used Facebook ads a bunch of times, I'm going to go after a stage three or four, and I'm going to make the market awareness product aware because that product aware is where you introduce new mechanisms and where, at what level of market sophistication do you enter new mechanisms?

It's stage three and four, okay? But because we're going after a, I would even say lower quality markets here, then at this particular stage, we just simply have to state the claim. And I would even say stage two because there's already other people advertising Facebook ads to those specific people, and they've probably already seen like Facebook ads.

So I'll say like a stage two. So we're going to actually talk to them a little bit differently with just like a little bit more exaggeration. Okay, cool.

Now, we're going to have to hurry up here because we have about 15 more minutes before my camera dies. I want to get this video done in one take. So next part is we're going to start writing our headline.

All right. So state the claim in its purest form. That's what I like to do first.

So we're going to do, let me, boom, state the claim. All right. Make more money with Facebook ads.

All right. That's my claim. Boom.

Now, in my video, I say, write the, basically write, you know, I give you guys like 38 different ways in that video, and you basically want to write this five times. So headline number one, headline number two, and honestly, I'm not going to go through all five just because of video timing right here. Okay.

So I'm going to choose one. Metaphorize the claim. Measure the speed of the claim.

Measure the size of the claim. Let's do size of the claim. And in this particular case, what is the size of make more money with Facebook ads?

We'll say add an additional 50K a month. Now, a few key things here. I'm not problem aware.

So I'm not saying Facebook ads, because if I said Facebook ads, then I'm introducing the solution. All right. I'm simply talking to a problem aware market who's falling behind in terms of, you know, not hitting business goals.

That's their problem, but they're not aware of the solution yet. So now I'm just basically saying how to add an additional 50K per month of revenue to your business. Honestly, this might even be too much.

We might even be able to, maybe say something else, like 10 to, 10 to 25K per month of revenue to your business. Why? Why did I go smaller?

Because 50K is unrealistic to them if I'm targeting a smaller business already. Like imagine if you're doing 10K a month and you got an ad that said how to add 50K a month to your business. That's a lot.

That's like a huge jump. But what if I just said 10 to 25K per month? It's a smaller jump and it's more realistic to them.

Okay. All right. So obviously I would write four more headlines, but I'm not doing it just for the sake of this video because of, you know, the timing right here on my camera.

So now I have a headline. All right. Here's my headline.

All right. Now, this speaks to a problem aware market of people who are not hitting business goals. I'm teaching them how they could overcome that business goals and then I'm introducing the solution.

Okay, cool. So here's the key thing next. This is, up until this point, I haven't even decided if I wanted to do a photo ad or a video ad.

I have zero clue yet. Okay. But now is where I decide.

Okay. And I'm gonna give you guys some free game here. Free game.

What I've been seeing work really well. If I do a video, I'll do short copy to entice people to watch the video. And if I do a photo, I'll do medium to long copy to where the photo grabs their attention and entices them to watch the video or read the copy.

Okay, cool. Just free game right there for y'all. But up until this point, I still don't know if I want to do a photo or video.

All right. And for this particular video, I'm going to just do video. Okay.

So now I'm gonna write a video. Okay. So let's just do video.

So let's just do video. And I'm actually going to move that over. There we go.

All right. Video. All right.

So there's key things we're gonna have to write here. All right. We're gonna have to write the, oop.

All right. We're gonna have to write the script. Script.

Body copy. And then headline for Facebook ad. Okay.

A few things we have to do here. Okay. So let's just call this, I like to call this just the body copy.

All right. Actually, I want to do a script first. Okay.

I like to do a script first for a video. All right. So now let's do the script.

Okay. So we already know what the headline is. So this is the very first thing of the video.

So the, all right, we got 10 minutes to open right this script. So very first line, how to add an additional to your business. And, and I also like to do these in numbers right here.

So here we go. How to add additional 10 to 25 K per month of revenue to your business. Okay.

Awesome. So this is good. So we have our hook hook slash headline, whatever you want to call it.

So this would be the very first thing you see in the video. So if we go back to our thing right here, how to cut five shots off your handicap, boom, how to cut five shots off your handicap. Very first thing you see in the video.

Okay. Uh, all right. How to add additional 25 K per month of revenue to your business.

Now, um, we're starting off at problem aware. What happens next after problem aware, we need to go to solution aware and all that good stuff right there. So the structure of this ads at problem aware.

So then I need to introduce the solution product and then aware. Okay. So we're at problem aware solution product aware.

Okay. How to add 10, 25 K per month of revenue to your business. All right.

Now likelihood is they probably tried some other things. Okay. They probably tried cold calling.

Again, it's where your market research is going to happen. They probably tried cold calling. They probably tried, uh, maybe paper advertisements, Google ads, whatever, blah, blah.

Cause again, we're introducing the fact they need Facebook ads. Okay. So let's just assume it's a local business.

Again, this is where market research comes around. It's a local business. They've tried, I don't know, cold calling, yada, yada, yada.

So I'm going to say without, uh, and I forgot that we're actually going after. Yeah. Okay.

There we go. All right. So without cold calling or picking up cold calling without dialing another cold call.

I don't know. I like it. Okay.

Boom. Now we, we went a little bit further into it. We got them hooked.

This is again, the second script. Okay. Now we need to start introducing the solution.

Okay. So I like to start to introduce the solution with things they can accept. Okay.

So millions of people are using Facebook every day. Let me actually do this. Introducing Facebook.

I'm literally doing this on the fly with you guys. And I'm on the time constraint right here. Okay.

Choosing Facebook ads. A million people are using Facebook every day. Facebook ads.

Okay. Positions. Your product, your business in front of, hungry customers.

Ah, there we go. All right. In front of hungry customers.

Easily, easily adding, easily creating new, highly profitable customers for your business. Okay, cool. This is looking solid.

Now here's something we did here. Okay. So we called out the problem.

We kind of entitled, we, we're going to also remove the little bit of limitations. Right. We introduced a solution.

We talked a little bit about the solution that makes sense for them. Most people are using Facebook every day. Facebook positions your business in front of hungry customers, easily creating new, highly profitable customers for your business.

Okay. Great. This looks good.

Now, this is just talking about the solution and a little bit of the benefit of it. Okay. The next key part that I see a lot of people forget to do in the solution is talk about the mechanism.

Okay. Again, the mechanism is process to result. Okay.

What is the process to result for Facebook ads for this specific business here? Okay. In this particular case, um, here's how it works.

Okay. All right. Um, here's how it works.

You. All right. We gather all your info.

Only problem that I'm seeing now with this is that I didn't introduce the fact that we're an agency, but we're just going to keep going with it. Okay. So we gather your brand guidelines, your branding.

You also want to keep it simple too. So here's how it works. Uh, you give us, you give us the details for your business.

Details around your business. Two, we create high converting, converting ads that almost look like. For any ads based off this info.

Two, we upload them to Facebook, to Facebook and set a daily budget. That is comfortable. Hey, daily budget.

That is agreed upon with you. Start with at least $10 today or as, as little as $10 per day. See, I'm overcoming an objection already.

Start with as little as $10 per day. I'm overcoming an objection before they even speak about it. I'm telling them that you can start with as little as $10 per day, because a lot of people would ask essentially how much you need to start with and things like that.

Okay. Based off this info around about your business. Okay, cool.

Now, next one, uh, Facebook targets your ideal customers and sends them to your business. Great. There we go.

Here's how it works. Now I've explained how it works. Now, the next thing I like to do is now we're going more into product aware.

Okay. Product aware is now they understand the product product aware. One of the ways we open a product aware or like talk about product aware specifically is talking more specifically around the social proof.

So now from here, I can say majority of our clients have seen a 200% increase in revenue over the first six months of us working together. Cool. Great.

Great. All right. And then lastly is aware.

Aware is simply just our call to action. Okay. So call to action.

Again, now we're in aware market. Just very straightforward. Hey, you know, click below to get a free strategy session.

See how Facebook ads work for you. Now we have our script together. How to add 10 to $25,000 per month for revenue to your business without dialing another cold call.

Introducing Facebook ads. Millions of people are using Facebook every day. Facebook positions your business in front of hungry customers.

Okay. This just seems unneeded. So delete that.

I feel like people already know that. Facebook positions your business in front of hungry customers using AI targeting technology. Sounds big.

Easily creating new, highly profitable customers for your business. Here's how it works. You give us the details about your business.

We create higher converting ads based on this info. We upload some Facebook and set a daily budget. That's great.

A point with you starting with as little as $10 per day. Facebook then targets, then target straight to customers and sends them to your business. The majority of our clients have seen a 200% increase in revenue over the first six months of our working together of us working together.

Okay. Plus working together. Click below to get a free strategy session to see how Facebook ads can work for you.

Great. So this is actually really good. Now, something I did here that I just, you probably didn't notice is I just read this whole script to you guys on this, on this specific video.

And what's important about this is that if you can't read it out loud and it doesn't flow 99% of the time, it's not going to work. Okay. So you need to read your whole script out loud and make sure it can flow.

Now this could be body copy. This could be, you know, whatever. Okay.

Just read out loud, make sure it works. Okay. Now there's some other things we could do in here.

I want to scroll through this because I know you guys went through that specific video as well. And there's something I talk about eight ways to shrink and desire. Okay.

So we present the benefits. We already kind of did that. Um, demo the products.

Yes. Here's how it works. Uh, show the prospect, how to test your claims.

There's really no way to do that. Show experts and customers are proven. All right.

We're kind of showing that right here. Show off the problem. The product fixes.

Yes. We do that. Uh, metaphor, analogy, imagination.

Okay. Put your guarantee to work. Okay, cool.

We did a pretty good job right here. Um, something we could also do that I think would work really well is no, that's good. I like that.

Okay. Awesome. So this looks good.

Okay. So what I would do now is I would go ahead and basically just take this whole script and see how I can shorten it because this is some really long sentences right here. And again, if I go ahead and do an ad like this, where it's just like showcasing, you know, different stuff like this, there's some really long sentences.

So I can either do two things. One, I could take this and I could turn this into a UGC script. Um, so that's also another thing where it's like, after you create the script, you can start to decide where you want to take this.

Do you want to do UGC with it? Do I want to do this type of video right here? Do I need a narrator?

Like what do I want to do with this next? Okay. Now I, like, if you can master this, you can do a lot of good stuff.

Okay. So obviously the next part I would do is cut this down because you can see right here, I'll cut all these short. These are super short.

Boom, boom, boom. So the next goal is here is how can I shorten these or how can I remove things or how can I break them apart? Okay.

You don't necessarily need to see all this. Okay. So like number seven right here.

Okay. This one right here, I could probably split this up in a few different ways, but yeah, shorten it down and all that. Okay.

So that's the next thing you want to do. Now I'm just going to assume we did that just because it's like this video timing. The next thing I like to do is start to create scenes.

Okay. So you can see right here in this script is I did the text. That's where I want to put on the screen.

And then the next thing I put was a few different ideas. Okay. So let's just go through here.

You can also come there and just like literally go ahead and file a view to the format text size, not size. Capitalization. There we go.

Okay. Uppercase. All right.

So that's like our script. And this is what I like to do. So how to add 10 to 25 K per month of revenues to your business.

Now, a few things here. Now we're talking about the visual side. What do I want to visually do at each one of these?

Okay. So now how to add 10 to 25 K per month of revenue to business. One key thing we never talked about in this video yet is whose ideal customer is.

Okay. We just said Facebook ads. Okay.

Me just saying Facebook ads for small businesses or just any business is very broad. Now, obviously broad targeting on Facebook works well, but in this particular case, this is where you need to be specific. Okay.

So, and you can even see that in the identification side, we need to be able to call out our identity of our consumer across the market. Okay. So in this particular case, we need to have a target customer.

Okay. Am I going after a local business? If so, what type of local business?

If I'm going after an e-com store, what type of e-com store? If I'm going after personal brands or coaches, what type of coach? Okay.

Okay. So in this particular case, let's say we're going after, I don't know, chiropractors. That's a super, very common thing in this specific niche.

Okay. So chiropractors. Okay.

So first thing is I can do just, just what are things that a chiropractor would resonate with? Okay. So again, the chiropractor is watching this specific ad.

Okay. So that first three seconds, what are we visually articulate to them? And whatever we textually base articulate to them needs to resonate with our customer.

Okay. So let's, let's first just edit the headline since we're going off the chiropractors. Now, we're just going to do something real quick.

How that's into 10, 25 K month revenue to your chiro business. There we go. All right.

Now we're going to a little bit more specific now. Okay. Now, what are things we can showcase?

All right. So we can showcase happy, or, Ooh, I got to go one. A chiropractor.

Chiropractor office full of patients. Okay. That's something we can show.

We get some good footage. We could go to a specific chiropractor office and film this again. You know, this is where you have to really start to like, start investing into videography and all that good stuff.

But if we showed a chiropractor office full of patients, we can visually articulate to him what it would look like to have a lot of customers into the business. And that's what he wants. Okay.

He or she wants. Okay. Boom.

All right. Without dialing another cold call. Okay.

So, you know, maybe in this particular case right here, we could showcase either a, we could showcase, you know, like a chiropractor. Chiropractor. Chiropractor drained trying to call leads.

Okay. Ooh. Trying to cold call, not call leads.

There we go. So that's, I got to go in right there. And then next thing, introducing Facebook ads.

Okay. So here, what can we do to showcase Facebook ads? All right.

Ah, and also something else we could do. I'll show you all something else. This is why millions chiropractors.

Chiropractors. Chiropractors are switching to Facebook ads. Now we need some type of visual of Facebook.

Okay. So how can we visually articulate chiropractors and Facebook ads? In that case right there.

That's the next big question. So you see right here, like I literally do the same shit. Like when I'm going to create anything else, I'm just asking myself, how can I visually articulate this?

Okay. The script part is the hard, the copywriting parts, the hard. That's why we do it first.

The visual side is the easy part because all you're asking yourself is how can I visually articulate that? That's the question. Okay.

You know, I could literally just showcase, uh, I could showcase just a group, a group of chiropractors happy and stress-free. There we go. All right.

Next one is Facebook positions. Your business in front of hungry customers using AI targeting technology. Okay, cool.

This one right here. I could literally just maybe example of an ad we use for chiropractors. All right.

Customers walking in the door. All right. Now here's how it works.

So how can I visually articulate how it works? You give us the details about your business. Uh, showing, um, sheet we use to grab clients info.

Again, this is us, the agency, the sheet we use to grab the clients info for running out for their ads and showcasing that showcasing the ads. We build. Okay.

Uh, showing a campaign that is running and profitable. Okay. Uh, showcasing more ads that we built.

Okay. Ooh. Another way we're going to do right here is customer calling to set up appointment.

All right. The majority of our clients have seen a 200% increase in revenue over the last six months working together. Ooh, easy one right here.

Testimonials from watch. I'll show you an example too. So you can see right here, just drop your score.

Over 500,000 golfers lower their handicap insert testimonial videos here. Talk about playing better, lowered scores, more enjoyment. And then we go right here into this.

There we go. I have literally testimonials from a few different golfers. Talk about how amazing this app is.

Okay. Very simple. All right.

Testimonials from chiropractors talking about how amazing this service has been. Okay. And then boom, just solid 2D background with text.

Okay. Cool. So we basically just put together a script slash storyboard that we can leverage to target chiropractors and sell them Facebook ad services.

Okay. Now, this is the script for video. And then again, free game I gave you guys.

If I do a video, I'll do short copies to entice people to watch the video. Okay. Cool.

So now we got the script for the video. Now we need to do body copy and then headline. Okay.

All right. So body copy. All right.

Uh, again, I'm gonna keep it very short because it's a video. I want people to watch the video because the video visually articulates the whole thing. But what type of body copy I would do?

I would do something short because I want to entice people to watch the video. Okay. So in this particular case, what could we do?

Okay. Again, so chiropractors are prom aware. They don't know what the solution is yet.

Okay. So for 10,000 plus chiropractors are thankful to discover this new method to flood their business with new customers without picking up the phone again. Okay.

Cool. Again, I'm just simply talking about their problem, which is, you know, not like basically like struggling to get customers and then boom. Okay.

Now, uh, headline again, I'm keeping the headline short. Um, chiropractors wish they would have done this sooner. All right.

Sweet. So now we have body copy. We have headline and we have script for video.

This is good. Now, essentially what I would do now from here is I would then send this off to my visual creator, which in my visual creator would basically just take this script, this whole thing, go create everything. And again, you would end up with three particular videos like this, all with just a different intro.

So again, different intro for each one of these, like I've preached before. Okay. So I have three particular videos.

I would then launch that, which if you're curious about how I would launch this, look up my video called broad targeting times dynamic Facebook ads, 2023 tutorial, where I basically take one concept, three creatives, one body copy, one headline and launch that in the ad account. So yeah, guys, um, that's pretty much it. That's how we create an ad concept.

Uh, in this particular video, I've gone over the three key types of ad concepts, whether it's an iteration and imitation ideation. I also go over what is an ad concept and then just through the process of which I go through everything. Um, I know we use some of the how to build Facebook ads that convert.

I know I didn't talk all about everything, but, um, again, just videos already long and I didn't want to make it too crazy of a long video. Um, but I really hope you guys have seen some value in this. If you guys are curious, maybe watching this and would love for me to run your ads for you click link below, have Nick Theriot run your ads.

Or if you want some coaching slash mentoring, then click the link below, have Nick Theriot mentor you. Again, guys, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Theriot and I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.