Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today I'll be giving you a high converting video formula for your ads. You'll literally take this formula and use it for pretty much all of your ads in terms of copy graphics, videos, landing pages, all that fun stuff.

But today we're going to specifically focus on video for Facebook. This also can work for TikTok ads. This also can work for Snapchat, any type of video advertising.

This can work. Literally even the same structure I follow for like my YouTube videos and stuff like that. So once you nail down this formula, it's extremely powerful for a lot of things.

And it's really cool to actually show you this and finally get to show you this in a YouTube video. So that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos like this every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's jump into the video guys.

Okay. So ADA or AIDA is a basically stands for attention, interest, desire, action. And it's the basic structure of how we structure body copy, video ads, graphic ads, landing pages, my YouTube videos, even like other different like content pieces, because it's very powerful.

And how you do this, it's kind of like a logical thinking thing. You know, it's like how people are kind of like, you know, attention and everything like that. So it's very hard to explain, but just in short, you follow this formula, it's going to get you sales.

So with that being said, we're going to do this in a kind of cool way. Cause I'm actually going to show you an ad and we're actually going to break that ad down and show you how they are using this in their ad. So that way for all the people that are like, Oh, you should post an ad in the comments and like, you know, show us that we're going to show you that exactly in this video.

So attention, number one thing is attention, grabbing attention. This is key right here. So attention is, there's a lot of different things that grab people's attention.

So for a Facebook video ad, it's the thumbnail. Then after the thumbnail, it's the first three to five seconds of the video. It's the first line of the body copy.

Uh, for YouTube, you probably saw this thumbnail, then the title. So that's what grabbed your attention. Okay.

So it's really like, if you know how to master grabbing people's attention, that's a huge, huge accomplishment. And basically we just want to grab people's attention, get them a notice to add often a headline shop first three to five seconds of video, et cetera. Just because like, like, let's say for example, if you just try to grab people like attention with the headline or, or the thumbnail, that doesn't mean you can use other parts also grab their attention.

It's like, we focus on a good, strong first line of the body copy. We focus on a good thumbnail and we focus on a good first three to five seconds of the video. Those all three things we focus on are something really good to grab people's attention.

Okay. So I'm going to show you this video. Um, thank you, Rose Skin Co.

Uh, if any of you of the marketers for Rose Skin Co are currently watching this right now, I, I think I'm my second time I've dived into your ads. Um, I'm kind of doing a little audit right now of a framework, stuff like that for another, another business. So I was like, Hey, let's, let's use a Rose Skin Co and check out one of their ads.

So, and they, they executed this very nicely. So first off, just the first thing is that we have to understand the pre-frame of what's going on here. And that is, um, it's a products being sold to women to basically, you know, do laser at home, laser hair removal cheaply.

So, uh, or at home period is one thing and also save time and money. So first things first, just look at that body copy, that first line zap away unwanted hair. So a good way to grab attention is to leverage peak pain or peak pleasure.

So zap away unwanted hair. So they're in pain because they have this unwanted hair. And that's like the big thing right there.

They have unwanted hair. They want to get rid of. So zap away unwanted hair.

So that grabs their attention because there's a pain point right now for them is to unwanted hair with the IPL laser hair removal ad set. So like, ah, okay, I'm interested which, which you got going on here. And then look, look, I just said that I'm interested because we're going to get to the next one, which is interest.

So let's go to the next one. So they really didn't do anything for, um, the thumbnail, but besides this device has saved me so much money. Um, or see, or let's see, or just absolutely love my handset, but let's just look at the first three to five seconds.

Okay. This device has saved me so much money on waxing, shaving, laser sessions. So they're grabbing attention by leveraging that angle of this device saves them money.

Okay. So this is really going to grab attention to the people that are currently spending money on laser hair removal. So you have to understand that you really have to dig into your customer persona and understand all the different pain points and pleasure and like desires, all that good stuff.

Because once you understand that you can fabricate the ad to pull all this together. So grab attention. All right.

They really hit a strong pain point to grab attention of their ideal consumer. Now let's go back. You're going to, I got two screens, right?

Screen shots right here as well of what's really grabbing people's attention. Okay. So easiest way go after a strong pain point.

Okay. Go out there. Strong pain point that someone has, um, for clothing.

This could really be portraying that lifestyle. People will get by wearing your clothing. Okay.

Cause people want that lifestyle. You're grabbing that attention by portraying it. That makes sense.

Now, interests. How do you keep that customer interested now? Once you grab their attention.

So for my YouTube video right here, basically, you know, you, you kind of grabbed attention by the thumbnail title. Then you had that little intro. I'm like, I'm going to show you how to create a high converting Facebook ad video formula that'll get you more sales and all that good stuff.

So now I'm like, I'm, I'm, I'm focusing more on what's in it for you. You know, what will this video do for you? What will this product do for you?

What will my product do for my customer? Like that's how you need to do it from that perspective. How does my product benefit my customer?

Okay. What's in it for them? That's the big question you have to ask.

What is in it for them? Okay. So let's go back to this video, grab their attention, grab their attention.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Now again, we got their attention. It takes a little bit longer. You know, it starts to build the interest because there's attention kind of goes into that as well.

And also talking about the one-off calls for amazing results. It's also kind of keeping them interested as well. And then right here is where it really starts going in.

And it's like, it gives permanent hair reduction. Um, you know, it's cheaper, it gives permanent hair reduction. It's keeping them interested in that perspective right there from your own home.

Okay. What's it for the consumer? Permanent hair reduction from your own home.

Okay. So that's something right there that we understand. Now we got their interest now.

Now they're interested. Okay. So for you guys, what's in it for my consumer, take your notebook out, start writing, writing out 50 different ones.

Okay. What is in it for my consumer? How does my product benefit my consumer?

What will they achieve with this product? What will they get from this product? Okay.

Not, you know, again, going back down to the, um, Apple iPod versus the MP3 player, iPod thousand songs in your pocket. Um, whereas MP3 players, 128 gigabytes, what will it be in for my consumer? Thousand songs in my pocket.

What's it for my consumer? 128 gigabytes. Huh?

Like that doesn't really, really, they're both the same thing. Cause they're both a measure of how much storage it has, but one is more focused on it of what the consumer will understand for you guys. How will it benefit you guys?

Well, I'm going to show you in today's video of how to create high converting video formula that will get you more sales, kept you interested. And I kept showing it to you and everything like that. So grab the attention, grab your interest.

Now it's desire. Now desire right here is where we have to understand that we grab their attention with a peak pain point that they have. We got them interested now, how it works, showed them how it works and stuff.

Cause you understand like it's, it's, you know, they do like a demo and everything like that. And that also creates some desire as well. But this, I are also is portraying that dream outcome.

So like, for example, you're watching this video, cause you have a desire to create high converting Facebook ads, you have a desire to get more sales with your store. You have a desire to improve your ROAS. You have a desire to scale your store.

So if I say, I'm going to show you how to create high converting video ads that will get you a 4X return on ad spin, that high converting video ads grabs your attention, but that will get that you that 4X return on ad spin that you want. That's the desire I'm connecting a thing like a desire with your desire. Cause that's the biggest false reality is that you think you can create desire.

No, you cannot create desire, but you can simply connect desires to your consumer. So you gotta identify what those desires are and connect those desires they have into your product. So at the end of the day, what this product does is it connects with the desire of smooth, silky, hair-free skin.

And then obviously it talks a little bit too about how it's one of the best products. So go back to this video. Got me interested.

Now I'm learning a little bit about it. I'm also building up a little bit desire about it, but I'm interested right now. I'm watching this video.

I'm learning about the product, learning how it's used and everything like that. Um, this is not necessarily needed every time, but I definitely recommend if you have a complex product, show it off and stuff like this. Okay.

It's also showing off how easy to use is, but then look, I have smooth, silky and hair-free skin. Now I'm like, Oh wow. I really want this product.

It's so easy to use. You can use it from home, you know, grab my attention and grab my attention, got my interests. And then now it's, it goes through and really hands in on the desire and everything as well.

So that is how you grab desire or, uh, really focus on desire as well. So these are literally digging into the dream realities or that the perfect reality that you want. So these jeans will make you look more beautiful.

This is the best tasting pizza ever. This car uses less gas, et cetera. So like it's just going over those kinds of desires as well, uh, and different perspectives right there.

Now action. Now this particular creative didn't have any action. It just ended said, I would recommend it to anyone and blah, blah, blah.

That's it. But they didn't have a call to action. They did have one on another as I've screenshot it for you guys.

Action. Action is very, very, very simple. Have a call to action that directs people to purchase.

So you can purchase today by clicking the link below at the end of every video. I always say, Hey, if you are an agency owner, don't at least 25 K a month, and you want to work with me and my team who has helped multiple businesses scale a six and seven figures, then click the link below. I'm giving you a call to action.

Grab your interest. I grabbed your attention with the thumb on the title. I got you interested in it.

And then I really kind of hit on some desires as well, really showing you exactly what you need to do to get X results. And then lastly, I give you a call to action at the end of the video. So you have to understand how this can be portrayed, not just in paid advertising, but it can really be paid or applied in just organic content.

And it can be applied to your graphic ads, your body copy, all that good stuff right there. Okay. Now I really like to do video for this because there's a lot more involved into video, whereas, you know, maybe a body copy might be a little shorter, a little quicker, and you might only have like a word or two on each one of those.

So this is pretty much 80 AIDA formula and how you can create some high converting video content with this. But again, do not limit the video. Once you understand attention, interest, desire, action, you can apply it to video content, graphic ads, social media posts, et cetera.

Just really focus on that, improving it and repetitively practicing it. As when you do that, you're going to start seeing your results improve. Look, I'm gonna tell you honestly right now, your first 10 to 15 ads you create follow this formula won't do good.

But as you do each one, you'll learn a little bit more. You'll learn a little bit more how to portray it for your brand and everything. And then you'll start to see those results really improve.

I know I just posted something about like three new creative, three new copies a week. This is definitely a good framework. We apply to create those three new creatives and three new copies every single week.

So highly recommend it. Now, with all that being said, guys, I really hope you all enjoyed this video. Again, if you're an e-com business owner and looking to scale your business in Q4 2021, then click the link below to apply to work with my agency.

Again, at least you're making 25K a month in revenue. And we'll hop on a call together with me and my team, and we'll take a look at your ad account, give you an ad account audit. And what we'll do is you can either take that out, audit, run with it.

Here's what you need to do. Go ahead, have fun. Or you have the option to work with me and my team and help your business scale to six or seven figures, just like we've done for multiple other businesses.

Now, I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Well, guys, it's about that time.

Again, my name is Nick Terrio. I really hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for all your support.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.