I can't believe I'm about to talk about this, but I still get this question all the time. And you know what? We're going to go down this rabbit hole.

How to get out of Learning Limited in 2023. Yes, you're running Facebook ads. Yes, you're getting Learning Limited and you want to know how to get out of it.

Well, today's video, we're going to dive right into it. And if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, my name is Nick Terrio and I run a Facebook ads agency. Also run a coach and mentor program, coaching students how to run Facebook ads.

And yeah, so you can find both those links below if you're interested in either one. Before we get started, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into the video, guys.

So how to get out of Learning Limited. Simple as this, you need 50 conversions a week on whatever you're optimizing for. So if you're optimizing for purchases, you need 50 purchases a week.

If you're optimizing for leads, you need 50 leads a week. Do I recommend optimizing anything else? No, not really.

So that's the main two things I'm optimizing for. Legion for my lead clients and purchases for my e-com clients. Now, the key here is that you need 50 conversions a week per ad set.

So you want to reduce the number of ad sets you are running. Now, for us, we do one campaign per business objective, which 90% of the time, 90% of our ad accounts is one campaign. It's CBO.

So that means Facebook can choose to spend on whatever ad set it wants. And it's going to spend on the one most likely to impact performance for the business. And what we want to do here is we want to let Facebook spend in the ad set.

That's most likely to impact the business positively. And if it doesn't, then we just simply turn the ad set off. I have a lot of videos documenting this strategy for you to search broad targeting and dynamic Facebook ads or, you know, how to Facebook ad testing 2023, broad targeting times dynamic ads.

I have a lot of videos on the strategy. If you just do a simple search on my YouTube channel going down this rabbit hole. So you want to push, you want to have one ad set or fewer ad sets.

That's why we only have three ad sets max. One ad sets, our main ad set. Then we have one or two DCT ad sets, which is just a regular ad set with dynamic creative turned on to where we can test the dynamic creatives.

And again, we have to get 50 conversions per week on that ad set. So you get out of learning limited and we can be active and that's it. So if you're in learning limited, then likely you are, you need to spend more or B, you need to cut down your CPA.

So let's say for example, you have a $50, you know, cost per acquisition. If we do 50 times 50, you need to spend at least $2,500 a week on that particular ad set. If you have a $50 CPA and you need to cut it down to $25, then, you know, maybe you're only spending $1,250 a week.

You just need to cut down your CPA by 50%. Now, how do you cut your CPA down? Your cost per acquisition, your cost per purchase is simply by building better ads.

So ultimately, at the end of the day, you have two options, build better ads or spend more. That's your only two options to get out of learning limited. Now, again, that's assuming you're practicing accounts best practices and you're running one campaign, maybe two campaigns max CBO.

And you're letting Facebook spend on the ad sets that's working. And for the ad sets that are not working, that are in learning limited, then fucking turn them off. They're not impacting the business positively and overall, like your overall business cost per purchase, overall business ROAS you're looking for, then just turn them off.

They're not serving you any good. That's why when we test new ads, we want to see what ad set gets majority of the spend because that's showing a Facebook's like, hey, shit, this is really good ad. We're gonna spend more on it.

And it's positively impacting the business. And when I mean positively impacting the business, you can spend more. It lowers your CPA.

And, you know, whatever you're looking at. I look at CPA. Some people look at ROAS.

I like to look at CPA. You know, they kind of correlated, not completely, but kind of. And, you know, two different metrics we use to measure performance of our ad spend.

So that's it. That's how you get all learning limited. Now, ultimately, there's a third option.

And that is don't give a fuck about learning limited. Us personally, we don't pay attention to learning limited. I don't care about review.

I don't care about active. I don't care about learning. I don't care about learning limited.

Because guess what? At the end of the day, you have two options, spend more or create better ads. Or both.

Sometimes it's in both cases. Sometimes you need to scale an account super, super aggressively. And I almost put my drink.

I'm in bad. We need to scale super aggressively. And you got to find a lot of new winning ads to support that spend.

The ads you have at $100 a day is not going to support the same. Well, I'm not going to say not. But likely is the ads that you're spending at $100 a day are not going to be the same ads you spend at $10,000 a day.

So you need better ads to spend $10,000 a day. So if our objective is to scale really hard and aggressively, then likelihood is we're testing one to two, maybe even three DCTs a week, which is each of the unique ad set. And again, I have videos on the channel if you just look up broad targeting times Facebook ads, one campaign account structure, one campaign dynamic ads.

I have videos on the channel step by step on how to do that. So go look at those videos. But that's how you're going to get off Learning Limited.

Spend more or find better ads that cut your CPA down or both. And that's going to give you to 50 conversions a week to hit your goal by either not changing spend and just finding better ads that hit your CPA you need to hit that 50 conversions a week with the current budget or spending more to where you're hitting 50 conversions a week with those ads you're using. Again, assuming you're doing best practices or consolidating the ad accounts and you're not running a shitload of ad sets.

So that's what I recommend. That's how you get off Learning Limited. And that's what we personally do at our agency.

So again, guys, if you're looking for an agency to crush in Q4 of 2023, click the link below to book a call for me and my team. Happy to hop on a free strategy call with you, review your account, review your structure, anything like that, and see what's the best opportunities for you. And if you want to stay hands-on and you want to keep doing it yourself, but you want a better guidance team and network and system of SOPs and have me review your ads and everything like that, then click the link below for the Inner Circle.

And take a look at the Inner Circle would be a really great place for you like other advertisers. So hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.