Today, I'll be answering a question that I've received thousands of times. How many ads do you need active to be able to scale on Facebook? So let's take a look.

Here's an account right here. I think yesterday we spent about $3,800 to about $9,800 in sales for about $2,200 in profit. So I may be somewhat credible to be able to teach or talk about these types of things.

So what I like to look at when answering this question is number one, looking at your market. This whole thing right here is your market. This is everyone that would potentially be able to come a customer of yours.

And right now you may have one ad, maybe two ads that are currently working. And you can see right here, this is ad number one. And everyone inside of this circle is the number of people that resonate with that particular ad.

What do I mean resonate with that particular ad? Out of everyone in this market that'll buy from you, they'll buy specifically from this. This is the amount of people I'll buy from that ad right there.

So we need to target these people. We need completely different ads to appeal to those people. Now, this is a pretty small circle.

Maybe you're spending maybe $100 a day with this particular circle. Then you find like two more winners. And they're still kind of peeling to like a small amount of people, right?

So like here's ad number three. Here's ad number two. You're spending maybe $300 a day.

They're all about the same size. But now you have three active ads and you're spending $300 a day. That's pretty solid right there.

But again, I don't want to be at $300 a day. I want to be at $3,000 a day. Like this example right here where we spent $3,800.

So how do we get to that? How do we spend more? This is where you need not just new ads, but you need new ads that resonate with large amounts of people in your marketplace.

Here we have our ad one. It's $100 a day, $200 a day, $300 a day. But then look at ad four.

This is not $400 a day because quite frankly, it looks like about maybe, I wouldn't say 10, but maybe about six or seven of these little circles could fit inside of here. Now all of a sudden you go from about $300 a day plus $600 to about $900 a day. So instead of going from about $300 a day to $400 a day, you're going from $300 a day to about $900 a day.

All you did was find one new winning ad, just like you did already. But this ad resonates with more people in the marketplace. This is the importance of creating ads that resonate with your market versus just throwing up a picture of it and saying 10% off or something like that.

Here's another example. Maybe you find, maybe turn off all these little ads and you find like two more of these. And now you're spending close to about, I don't know, let's just say $1,800 to $2,000 a day.

And you almost have your whole market covered with these particular ads right here. And again, this is where we're looking at things like desire. Are we going after a desire large enough, right?

If the desire is too small, we can still target that particular desire, but we need to find other desires that are much larger. Next thing, market sophistication. How are we approaching the sophistication of our marketplace?

Again, this is the number of products someone has tried to solve a desire before seeing your product. If we're the very first person in the marketplace to solve a particular desire, then guess what? All we have to say is, hey, this product helps you lose weight.

But if we're looking at weight loss, there's been hundreds, thousands of products in the marketplace that helps people lose weight. So we need to call out what makes our product differently. Hey, first, no diet, wonder drug for losing weight.

That's introducing a new mechanism and removing limitations off that mechanism and calling out the desire again, but introducing that new thing. Now, last thing is market awareness. You know, for example, if you're going after an aware market, these are people that are just ready for a discount code.

This is very small and where 90% of advertisers live that inside of their ad accounts. We want to go after more of that solution aware, problem aware, unaware market, depending on what your research tells you. Problem aware, the people that have seen multiple solutions for that particular desire.

So, for example, the weight loss niche. A lot of times people have seen hundreds of different solutions for losing weight. Problem aware is more people who are diagnosed with a particular problem.

Think about the people who are diagnosed with obesity, for example. I think that is a diagnosed thing, but let's just go back to that right there. That's a diagnosed thing.

Those people right there are looking for different things to solve obesity. Then you have unaware. Unaware people would be people who are like, every time I walk up the stairs, it's hard to breathe.

And it's like, oh, you know, there's just a symptom they're experiencing. That's going to be a significantly large part of your marketplace. Then maybe it translates over to being obese.

Then obese translates over to the solution, which is lose weight. That's your unaware, problem aware, solution aware, the different stages of awareness. What we look at here is we look at creating hooks that appeal to that combo based off our research and how we want to position the product in the marketplace.

And then we simply just go create the best visuals possible for that, right? What does best visuals mean? The best visuals are the visuals that when people see have 100% believability that your product will satisfy their desire.

I made this example a bunch of times, so I'll make it again. If I have the world's strongest iPhone case and I just take a picture of it and say world's strongest iPhone case, it's going to do dog shit compared to if I would say world's strongest iPhone case and drop this from a hundred foot building and then pick it up and showcase how the iPhone still works. That's creating visuals that create believability in the consumer for, you know, your product and satisfy not particular desire.

So hopefully this helps you guys out and ladies. And if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you are doing at least six figures a month, which is Shopify store and want to scale to seven figures a month, we've helped multiple brands now scale to seven figures plus a month in revenue.

You can click the link below, have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And if you want a community of other Shopify store owners get privately mentored by me, improve your Facebook ads to be able to scale. Click the link below for Nick's mentored by Nick.

And then if you want my Facebook ads course, click the link below for Nick's Facebook ads course. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.