How to make your ads resonate more with your ideal audience. What's going on, guys? Welcome back to the channel.

And today, we're going to be talking about how to make your ads resonate better with your ideal audience. It's going to dig deeper into more of the psychology, consumer psychology, identity, and a little bit more about creative planning in this particular video. But what the ultimate goal of this in the video is that we're going to dive deeper into the components of your creative and what specific imagery you're using in it that is going to resonate better with your ideal consumer and also increase the perceived value of how people position your brand in their mind.

And if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio. I make all of these videos completely for free with you guys. I have no course or anything like that.

Try to give you guys as full 100% transparency of what's working for us and everything like that. What the only catch is, is our goal is to help you scale your business. And once you get to the point where you can't do this yourself, click the link below to book call with me and my team, and we'll come into your business and we'll help you scale from 50 to 100K a month, all the way up to $1 million per month in revenue.

That being said, let's dive into the video. Okay. So today we'll be talking about identity.

And again, identity comes down to the identification you are selling to people. Okay. If your consumer doesn't identify with your brand through the creatives, this will play a massive part in the performance for your business.

So if they don't, it's going to decrease performance. If they do, they resonate better with it. It will increase the perceived value of business, also help them resonate better and also increase your performance inside of your ad account.

Okay. Now this is definitely more of a higher tier. I will warn you guys, this is a higher tier level of advertising and something more I'm kind of experimenting with, of what I can bring to this channel.

So first thing I want to do before we go into identity is I want to show you guys this commercial. Okay. Um, this was by Lamborghini and it's basically the whole thing that says, take all your souls to drive.

Okay. And what this particular commercial does is that it goes through in basically calls out their ideal customer of how their ideal customer wants to be perceived to the public. Okay.

Now this is where identity starts to play a catch. Okay. Cause when you buy something, okay.

When you buy something, you are reinforcing a specific character trait or achievement trait in your life. Okay. So think about it like this.

Um, you know, you go get a new job, way higher pay. Now, all of a sudden you're eating at fancier restaurants. Okay.

And it's not necessarily the food is why you're buying it. You're buying it because you can. And because it shows your higher level status and you want to communicate that to the outside world is that, Hey, I'm going to have achieved amazing success.

And here's all the cool stuff I can buy and show it off to people. Okay. Character traits though, on the other hand is a little bit more about specific things.

So that's more represents the personality of the consumer. Okay. So for example, let's say if I want to be thought of as smarter, okay.

Then I will go ahead and read a bunch of books to become smarter. Now, all of a sudden conversations, people can be like, wow, Nick, you're, you're getting smart. And that's going to reinforce an identity that I am seeking to master.

Okay. So what's cool about this video is that it called out specific character traits. Okay.

And you know, it's, it talks about like basically being good with woman, being mysterious, being adventurous, being, you know, a bunch of rich people shit because it's selling Lamborghini. And it honestly speaks well to me because a lot of these character traits, I personally am look at mastering as well. And this really calls and capitalizes that, Hey, if I drive a Lambo, this reinforces that identity.

Okay. So I want to dig deeper into this and we're going to go down into what identification is. So everyone is longing for identification.

Okay. Everyone wants to be, you know, identify with something. Okay.

Okay. So when there is zero price, if I take two brands, okay. So let's say for example, you know, this brand right here is selling Facebook ads.

This brand right here selling Facebook ads. Both identical agencies selling the same product, same service, same price point. And the one that ultimately the person will choose is the one that they have a better identification with.

This one pushes a lot of luxury and, you know, blowing money and like get rich. This one's more, you know, environment friendly pushing for greener things like that. Okay.

And if I'm more earth conscious, I'm gonna go with this particular agency. If I'm more flashy and show off, I'm gonna go with this particular agency. Okay.

So that's where identification comes in play. Okay. And your goal is to identify the ones that your prospect values the most and put a spotlight on it.

Okay. So for example, in this Lamborghini ad right here, if obviously they did the research to figure out what specific traits of the consumer that they put a lot of value on. And due to that, they putting a lot of value one, they laid them all out and they basically communicated a message that this type of person drives a Lamborghini.

So ultimately, if I want to reinforce those character traits, I need to go buy a Lamborghini. And this is the type of person I kind of look at myself as now. Okay.

And again, there's two identity roles. There's character and achievement. So I want to go further into these specific roles.

So again, character is part of your personality. Okay. It's part of the personality of the prospect.

Let's go look at some of these right here. Okay. Let's go through, you know, um, it starts off with, how would I describe them in three words?

Okay, cool. So we're kind of communicating how we would describe our consumer. Courageous.

Indominal. You know, wild. Let's see.

What's the next one? A prince. So these are specific character traits that I want to be recognized with.

If, you know, again, that's, that's Lamborghini did a research and figured out, Hey, a lot of our consumers recognize with these specific traits. Let's call them out as part of their personality. And let's push the fact that they sell Lamborghini or they buy a Lamborghini.

And there's three different ways to also call this out. So I can buy a personal development book to be thought of as someone that works on themselves and is smart. Okay.

So the action of buying the book and reading the book makes me smarter and things like that, that reinforces a specific character trait about me. I can simplify, condense, or speed up that process to result. So say for example, if I want to be smarter, then I can sell someone a speed reading course.

They wish to identify with as someone who is smarter and I can sell them a speed reading course to read all their books that they just bought to speed up that process to result of being smarter. Next one is symbol of role. So for example, even in like my house, my apartment right here is that I have a bookshelf in here when people walk in and they can see all these personal development books I've read.

Okay. At first I didn't really recognize why I wanted to show them all off, but now I look at it as, Hey, I want to show people off a particular personality trait of me that I'm that I'm a smart, I'm working on myself that, you know, it's, it's all personal development books and getting in better and improving myself. Whereas, you know, I'm not reading like nonfiction books or things like that, or fiction books and stuff like that.

So again, symbol of role, this is kind of where the Lamborghini is coming in play. That it's basically articulating to consumers that this particular ad right here, it's a stat Lamborghini is a symbol of someone who possesses these character traits. So that's what they basically did right here, which is really cool.

Um, think about it like this. Also another way, um, if you can make a product, a symbol of something. So for example, um, with like cigars, for some reason, cigars are a symbol of success now because we've adapted an image that someone who smokes cigars is usually someone wealthier because they're, you know, typically a little bit more expensive, like $10 a cigar.

Um, they're wealthier. They're more wise, more sophisticated in that perspective right there. And a lot of people now look about cigar as a symbol of success because we've positioned it with so many successful people in smoking those cigars.

Now, the next type of role is achievement roles. Okay. So these are roles that basically which someone wants to identify as.

Okay. Um, in terms of achievement, the things they've achieved. So for me personally, uh, I know like my Twitter bio, YouTube and stuff like that.

We've done over $35 million in Facebook revenue for our clients. Okay. That's an achievement that I basically, a role I've achieved.

Okay. And guess what? The next one that I want to hit is a hundred million dollars.

So if someone wants to sell me something, then they could really focus on here's how Nick, you can do a hundred million with Facebook and stuff like that. Cause now I'm longing for that achievement in that particular area right there. And there's different types of achievement.

There's coming a wife or husband, become an executive, um, serial entrepreneur, like entrepreneur really isn't that much of an achievement, but people who are serial entrepreneurs, I know that has a lot of like, you know, good success around it. So these are achievement roles. Okay.

Okay. Status class and position right there. So these are two different types of roles that you'll see in your ads.

And again, look at how Lamborghini did. They were very cautious about this. And look, let's say for example, you're selling a minivan.

Well, you're not going to put a high class flashy, you know, videos and stuff like that, because you know, you would really long for the identity of something like a mom, you know, and now she needs like the best thing to support her kids and stuff like that. Okay. Now going into accepted images.

So this is where the roles kind of tie into is that people already have a level of kind of identification with your product in terms of images they already have in their mind. Okay. For example, an image you likely already have in your mind is that a Lamborghini is a sign of success.

Okay. Now, if I said, Hey, no, a minivan is a symbol of success. It would contradict the way you think.

And you'd be like, no, no, no, there's no way impossible. No. So that's an accepted image right there.

Okay. It's an image that we already know about the markets. And our goal is to take that initial accepted image and continue to construct new images off of it by intensifying it or de-intensifying it and already existing accepted image.

And this is how you expand your market share. Also how you expand your, you know, reach with new people. And it's also how you just expand in terms of appealing to more people.

Okay. So for example, I always thought cigars were, you know, for older rich business people. Okay.

That was my perspective about a year ago. And then I started seeing a lot of people online who were smoking cigars, young age, who were also successful. And that put a new image in my head.

And guess what? I wanted to be show off that I'm successful because that's a particular personality trait of me. And again, going down to the identity of who Nick is, and this made me want to start smoking cigars and posting it online.

Think about it. I, every time I smoked a cigar, I had to post it online. Why?

Why? Because a specific role or personality trait means nothing to someone if it's not recognized. Okay.

So me not posting that cigar online made me feel like, oh, it's not as cool. When reality was, is that now I can't communicate to people that I'm successful. Why?

Sophisticated. Okay. Okay.

So this is digging really deep into your consumer psychology. Okay. And again, you cannot contradict accepted images or beliefs in advertising.

So if I try to sell people, like if I try to recreate this whole ad, but put a fucking minivan in this, I would just, no, there's no way I would accept that because I know a minivan is not a sign of success. Okay. And there is some ways to do that, but it's extremely difficult and it's going to be, you know, like trying to catch a folding knife.

Now, how do you build new images into a product? Okay. So again, you have your accepted images, you can struck some new images off of it, but you can also, again, how I said you can't contradict someone's way of thinking.

So how do we build new images off of it that are pretty far off the original? Okay. So I got this example from Eugene Swartz in breakthrough advertising.

And I honestly just want to reshare it with you guys, because I think it's such a good example. So obviously in 1960s, the majority of advertising was focused around cigarettes and stuff like that. And in this particular ad, they wanted to start branching out to a female audience.

Now, 1960s cigarettes was dominantly men. And the way it was advertised at the time was it was a very sign of masculinity and yeah. And, you know, success, things like that.

Okay. But now they want to reach females. And at the time, females did not smoke.

Okay. There was some, but just those are very low population. So they wanted to figure out how to make cigarettes more mass across females.

So what they did was they built a creative where it starts off with a man, very masculine, typical like that, sitting next to a very beautiful girl, very feminine and very, you know, the way girls, you know, the ideal girl that girls looked up to. Okay. And it was the guy sitting down next to the female.

And the girl said, below some my way. That's it. Okay.

And the ad crushed it. Okay. Because what it's showing there, what it's showing to a female consumer is there's the masculine man.

Okay. I understand that already know that masculine men smoke cigarettes, but now they're showing a very feminine girl. Someone that I, you know, want to be, wants to be seen as.

That's the key right there. Want to be seen as. And she wants a cigarette.

Now in my mind is, oh, if I'm, you know, if I'm that girl, oh, well, if that very feminine, beautiful girl that I recognize with and want to be like is smoking cigarettes, I need to go smoke cigarettes too. Think about how we just looped in the, you know, from an accepted image to building a new image by bridging off of it and by leveraging deeper psychology right there. Okay.

And again, for all creatives, you make all elements of an image or a video. We emotionalize, glamorize and dramatize. Okay.

So every little aspect. Okay. You know, I see so many of you guys creating creatives with the wrong characters in it.

Okay. Your target audience is like moms, 45 years old, and you're putting 18 year old girls in there. You're like, why no one's buying?

Yeah. Okay. So all of this becomes super key.

The environments they're filming in the language they're using, the way they're dressed, the way they talk, the way they look, the literally all of that plays a huge impact in how your ad resonates with your consumer. And again, just like I said, you can't show someone next up to an image. You cannot ask your market to identify with an unbelievable image.

So this is another little case study I got from breakthrough advertising. And that is that a deodorant brand had a massive failure because what they did was is that they launched a whole round of deodorant and they used very, very elite society, you know, positioning. Okay.

You know, basically showing like, like basically think of this Lambo ad except with deodorant and they were trying to reach a very high level or they showed off a very high level group of people, but it wasn't their target audience. Okay. And because of that, they reached a very, very, very small portion of their market share, which resulted in very small sales compared to their total market share.

So then what they did was they expanded back into less high level and more, Hey, I can make that jump that I appeal. I appeal with that in that perspective right there. So that's identity.

Um, this is definitely something that's a very, you know, he said, it's a higher level, a little deeper level of creative and advertising. But this is the type of stuff that like I nerd out on heavily and something that we're tripling down inside of our agency right now, really making sure that we're leveraging this properly for our brands. Because again, this could be huge in terms of performance.

And like I said, I see a lot of people using the wrong characters in our ads, using the language in the ads, using the wrong environments and things like that. And they're like, Nick, why is my dynamic CBOs to work? Like, cause your fucking ads suck.

So that's, that's why I'm creating this video and let me know, drop a comment below in the comments. If you like this kind of higher level thing of advertising, cause that's as I'm pushing through and building this channel, that is what I want to get more into. Cause this is the type of stuff that when you do the work properly, get you 10 times better performance in your ad accounts.

Thank you guys again for watching the video today, guys in get your free strategy session below where, you know, we come in and kind of show you a few things with your business that you can do to take your brand to the next level. Again, we, we've scaled multiple brands from 50, a hundred K a month, up to seven figures a month. And we managed to roughly around 750 to a million dollars a month in Facebook ad spend.

Um, with that being said, make sure you hit that subscribe button, drop a comment below, which you enjoyed about this video and hit that like button guys. That is pretty much it for today. Again, my name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace.