Here's how we took a Facebook ad account from $1,000 a day in ad spend to $10,000 a day in ad spend. And this is at like a 5X return on ad spend as well. So I'm gonna be showing you step-by-step what we did and no, it wasn't building custom audiences or lookalikes or cost caps.

And to be honest, it was creative testing, but creative testing, leveraging a unique strategy that not many people actually have been leveraging. So I'm gonna be showing you this very unique strategy. I'm gonna be showing you the exact ads we ran for this ad account.

Yes, pulling back the curtain. So in the exact creative that we used to hit this particular result. So let's take a look at everything from 1K a day to 10K a day in ad spend.

Here's the account. This was last month, October. You can see right here, our main campaign, we spent $371,000.

So actually that's like way more than, I think that's like 12K a day in ad spend, just to put it in perspective right there. And this was back in November, 2021. We first came on board and they were just doing like, you know, 40K a month, nothing crazy.

But yeah, so let's dive into this. What did we do? And the obvious, we did do account consolidation.

We did do broad targeting and we did focus on creative testing, but we also did something different. We leveraged a specific strategy within the creative testing realm. And this was changing the level of market awareness our ad spoke to.

And we'll be diving into market awareness today and all the fun stuff that market awareness has to do with. So if we look at this particular ad right here, you know, denied, this little known change in Medicare has put thousands of Americans at risk of financial hardship, little known secret about Medicare, seniors surprised they never knew this. Like comment right now below in this video of exactly what you think this is selling.

Like drop a comment below. Don't look at the next slide, but drop a comment below what you think the problem is, the product and the solution here is. And I'll let you take a second.

Okay, cool. You did that. All right, sweet.

Let's go over to the next one. So this is the actual product and problem, which is focusing on the potential of, you know, getting a high cost of ambulance bills. You know, some places have high ambulance bills and that's what this problem, this product solves is eliminating that bill and covering it for other people.

So this is another ad right here that we're also running. And it's more of like, I would say a problem aware ad to where we're showing the problem and introducing the solution. This right here is an unaware ad, which, you know, you don't know what the problem is.

You don't know what the solution is. You don't even know what the desire is, but it gets your attention and gets you watching and we can educate you on that. So market awareness simply deals with how far or close your customers are to your product.

So from a middle, like someone that's unaware has a completely different mindset than someone's problem aware. And someone who's solution aware is completely different, has a completely different mindset than someone's aware. So these are completely different mindsets.

And no, you do not. You do not need to retarget each stage from each other. That's such a big myth.

You do not. We want everyone who's unaware to convert on that unaware ad. We want everyone who's problem aware to convert on the problem aware ad.

We do not need separate audiences and like targeting and all that. Like all of these ads were going to be ran in the same campaign. So here's the five stages, unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, and aware.

Unaware is the largest market and aware is the smallest market. And depending on what your product is and what your mass market is, your mass market might be unaware. Your mass market might be solution aware.

It doesn't have to, you don't have to be an unaware market to essentially make more money with the business. You just simply need to choose the one that works the best for you. And again, there's always will be people on every stage for your product.

At every stage right now, there's someone in that stage for you. And its objective is to figure out which is the dominant stage for your business that converts to the best. And we find that through market research and just simply testing new ads.

So here's our unaware ad. And the reason why it's unaware is because you don't know what the desire is, you don't know what the problem is, and you don't know what the solution is. So we have to call out a mass market of people that are separated by one or two characteristics.

For us, Medicare, we're calling out people that are on Medicare. And we're also calling out the fact that this can put thousands of people at financial hardships. We're also giving them reason to pay attention.

Now, the main hook for this is little known secret about Medicare. This is what drives people. This is the thing that's gonna capture people right here is what you put right here in the ad.

So for Medicare, little known secret about Medicare, we're pulling people who are on Medicare. Now, little known secret, this is not good or bad. It's just little known secret, and you can perceive it however you want.

Now, this is a problem aware ad, and we're simply just showcasing the problem. That's all we're doing. Problem of getting a large ambulance bill and then how it was paid for.

That's all we're doing. Balance due, member paid for, introducing the solution. So problem aware ad right here of people that are aware of these large ambulance bills.

Now, solution aware ad right here, all we're simply doing is introducing the solution, which is MASA members enjoy full coverage and peace of mind when it comes to emergency ambulance bills. That's it. We're just simply introducing the solution.

That's all we're doing. Now, product aware right here, this is people who are aware of our products, but they have objections to it. So what are potential objections they have to this?

And through all the comments on our ad, we realize is that people have objections to the fact that they have like local ambulance insurance or they might have like Medicare already and that these things should handle it already, which is actually false. So we're just calling out different objections they have after seeing our product and we're handling them in our product to wear marketplace. These are people that know what our product is.

They, you know, know, they've seen our stuff and stuff like that. And we're just simply helping them move forward down the line. Now, this is an aware ad right here.

Aware ad, we don't focus on desire. We don't focus on the problem. We don't focus on the solution.

We're just simply calling out a discount. That's it. All we're doing, very straightforward.

A lot of people like to spend time at this stage right here. And the problem with that is that when they spend too much time at the stage, it's like the smallest market of people and it doesn't really allow you to scale. So that becomes a super big issue.

Now, I'm also gonna show you another example. So on top of the ads you saw today, I tweeted another example on Twitter and people love it. So I'm also gonna show you this right here.

So let's imagine you have a product like an orthopedic pillow. Just imagine that right there. All right, you have a pillow.

You're selling this pillow. And here's kind of like different ways you can position it in these different markets. So like a problem aware market, you have to start off with migraines in the morning, question mark, because we simply just wanna call it the fact that they haven't a problem in the morning.

Now, solution aware market, these are people that are actively looking for a way to keep their spine aligned while they sleep. And that's our product, Simply Pillow. So we can have an ad for the solution aware market.

We can have an ad for the problem aware market, but all, like if you start off at a problem aware ad, that problem aware ad starts you at problem aware and ends you at aware in that one ad. The solution aware ad starts off at solution aware and ends at aware in that one ad. Product aware ad starts at product aware in that ad and ends at aware in that ad.

So we do not retarget these stages from each other. And we run all of these stages in the exact same campaign, exact same ad set, all on broad targeting. You don't need new campaigns.

You don't need new ad sets. You know, you also don't need to like retarget these ads from each other. All of it is very straightforward, like together.

That's just a big key thing I want you to point out. But yeah, so product aware, world's first pillow with three system support. So instead of objections for this one, we just proved our product was better than the other products on the marketplace.

So while they're pillows and then aware, we just simply called out an offer. Now aware, you don't always need an offer. Just simply showcasing one right here.

Just think about a couple of other questions you guys might have. Number one, I don't test all stages on every account. I only focus on the main one or two that my market research tells me.

Now in the beginning phases, when you're trying to figure all this out, it might be a little hard for you to figure out, you know, what market awareness people are by research. So yeah, sure. It's all the stages for your account.

And then I only focus on the main one or two. So for example, if we know problem aware works super well, for your business, then I'm just going to keep creating a lot of ads around problem aware. Maybe it's problem aware and aware.

Then I kind of bounce back and forth between the two and it's really focused on one out of those two that make me the most money. And that's pretty much what I did in this particular case study right here. So yeah, guys, hope you all enjoyed this video and on like market awareness, just kind of explaining it from a different perspective right here.

Also showing you guys some examples. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And make sure you click links below if you're curious in, you know, how I can run your ads for you or on, you know, pretty much joining my inner circle program, which I coach and mentor you on a monthly basis.

And we have, you know, close to a hundred students now on a monthly in this program. And some of these students on four or 500 K a month, like absolutely crushing it in there. So make sure you click link below if you want to level up your skillset as a marketer as well.

So thank you all so much for watching. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.