Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I'll be covering what is CPA? I've talked a lot about this in my YouTube videos. I get these comments all the time.

What is CPA? Nick, why do you keep saying CPA? What exactly is CPA?

So I'm going to answer that specific question in today's video and share with you guys a little bit of marketer terminology as well on top of understanding your CPA, understanding why it's important to understand your CPA and while most people do not and it's critically hurting their Shopify business. So with that being said, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Let's dive into it guys.

So what is CPA? CPA equals cost per acquisition. And this is going to be different for everyone's goals.

So my current CPA, my current cost per acquisition is purchases. That's what I'm going for. Purchases.

Other people might be optimizing for leads. Their business model might be around generating leads. Another client of ours is a app company.

We drive traffic to their app and get installs. So their CPA is actually like a install. So cost per install.

So CPA is just cost per acquisition and it's a blanket term that can be filled in with other terms like CPP, cost per purchase, CPL, cost per lead. And it'll be different per account, per preference, per, you know, what you're optimizing for. That's what CPA is, cost per acquisition.

Now, obviously, I'm not just going to create a video, guys, of simply giving you a definition. You know, I'm going to go out the park and deliver some massive content with this. So what does it mean to me?

Understanding this, how much you can spend to acquire one customer for your business. So in order to understand how much you can spend and what's your break even and your profitability points, you need to understand your CPA as well. So that way you understand, hey, I got a $75 profit margin.

Then I understand I can spend up to $75 to acquire one customer. So here's some simple math for you guys. Literally take your product price.

So like, let's just say it's $100. You know, this could be the easy boost $9,000 right here. $100.

That's how much we're selling them for in our Shopify store. Now, our product cost of goods, let's subtract that. It's $20.

Our product shipping cost is $5. And you can even go a step further and figure out your typical cost in terms of like, you know, credit card processing fees and stuff as well. Got a lot of comments about that on the last video I made when I did like a little ROAS calculator for you guys.

So you can also go in and subtract any other costs that's tied to every product you sell or every purchase on your store. And what that's going to do is that's going to leave you with your profit margin. So if I'm selling a product for $100, we subtract the cost of goods, $20.

The shipping cost, $5. We're left with a $75 profit margin. So when we sell a $100 product, we're making $75 in profit, which gives us a max CPA of $75.

We can spend up to $75 on this particular product before we start losing money. So if we spend $100 to sell a $100 product, then we're going to lose money. We're going to lose about $25.

But if we only spend $75 to make $100 sale, then in this particular scenario right here, what's going to happen is we're going to be break even. Which break even is better than losing money. So that's very important to understand.

Now, CPA can mean no more than your profit margin. If CPA is lower than your profit margin equals profit. Very simple formula.

So if I were to spend $60 to make acquire one customer or one purchase for this particular product of $100, that means I have a $15 profit margin. Because we spent $60 to acquire $100 product to be sold in our store. We subtract the $25, left with $75, and only spent $60 of that $75 to acquire a customer.

I'm left with a $15 profit margin. So let's go into this a little bit further. So this is where we're going to develop our target CPA.

Talk a lot about this on videos and stuff. Our target CPA. And CPA can mean no more than your profit margin.

If CPA is lower than your profit margin, it equals profit. So we have a $75 profit. Just could be whatever product.

$75 profit. You did your cost of goods, your shipping costs, all your costs and stuff. You left a $75 profit when you sell this particular product.

So target CPA, $75 to break even. Cool. So we know if we hit a $75 average price of our CPA.

So if you look at the ads manager, cost per purchase, $75, you're breaking even. Now target CPA of $37.50 equals a 50% profit on $75. So you sell that $100 product with a $37.50 cost per acquisition.

You're left with $37.50 is literally a 50% profit margin as well for profit. Now, if you go ahead and sell that $100 product for $25, with a target CPA of $25, you make 66% profit on that $75. And it's going to be what?

Like a $50 profit margin for you. And target CPA of $18.75, you're going to make a 75% profit on that $75 profit of that $100 product. And your profit's going to be somewhere around $50 or no, more like $60, $55 to $58 right there.

So it's critical to understand what your CPA is, what your target CPA is. And when you're developing your CPA, you're actually using your product costs, shipping costs and stuff when you're calculating your CPA. A lot of people come reach up to me and stuff.

And, you know, I'll have clients come up to me and stuff and like, hey, man, you know, we really need to get a CPA of 50 bucks. Like, what? And you're like, yeah, we're selling a product for $100.

I'm like, okay, how'd you get that CPA? Like, I don't know. We just thought of a random number.

And then we find out their profit margin is 40%. And, you know, a lot of stuff just isn't working right with their business. And it's going to be extremely unprofitable to run a $50 CPA.

So it's very key to understand what your CPA needs to be. And also have realistic expectations. So have target CPAs.

So start off with, you know, a target CPA break-even. Hit your break-even target CPA. Okay, now let's go to, you know, a little bit higher of a target CPA.

So our target CPA right now is $75. We're hitting it. Now let's do a target CPA of $50.

Get down to a $50 cost per acquisition. Okay, cool. We're making a profit now.

How can we squeeze it further and go to a $25 cost per acquisition? And keep working on increasing that. And the way to decrease your cost per acquisition is by leveraging better marketing fundamentals, better branding, having a really great product.

But 80% of the time, it's creative copy and the offer you're presenting in front of people. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. I know it's kind of more quick, straight to the point and stuff.

But again, it's something that needs to be addressed. And I get a lot of questions about this. So CPA, cost per acquisition, could be CPP for cost per purchase or CPF, cost per lead, depending on your brand and what your goal target conversion is.

Now, if you are a Shopify business owner and you're looking to hit your first six-figure month, but some need some help getting there, then make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team. We'll develop a plan with you on a Zoom call. And this plan, you can either take it and run with it, or you can work with us.

We've helped multiple brands scale to six and seven figures per month. So make sure you click the link below, book a call with us, and we'll hop on a call and discuss those routes for you. Now, if you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

It's about that time, guys. My name is Nick Terrio. Hope you all have a great day.

Talk to you all soon. Peace.