Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today, I want to talk about how we cut acquisition costs in half, nearly half for a brand by simply changing up the messaging that we're showcasing in the ads. So before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button, and well, yeah, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And yeah, let's dive into video guys. So I'm just going to apologize right now. I'm a little bit under the weather filming this week's videos.

So I don't know if you're watching this on Friday, Wednesday, or Monday. I'm hoping you watch this on Monday just so that way we can set this home for the week. But I am a little under weather.

So I'm doing my best to get content out for you guys. But recently at the agency, we had a client spending $9,000, $10,000 a day. We've been hitting KPIs really well.

And over the last seven days, they shot up, you know, like from a $34 acquisition cost to like a $55 acquisition cost, or no, it was actually $45 acquisition cost. So $10 above where we need to be. So, you know, we tested some new iterations of our top performing stuff, didn't work.

And then like, okay, cool. Let's, what else can we try? So we tested a whole new angle, whole new angle, whole new creatives around that specific angle.

So people are seeing new messaging, new creatives, like all that good stuff right there. And acquisition costs fell down to $20. So think about it like this, a client's doing six extra at $35 acquisition costs, and it fell down to $22.

Like flipping, cutting back flips, party, Nick, you get a raise type of level of action right there. So I really want to kind of talk about a little bit more further though, because like, obviously, okay, cool. Hey, you tested a new angle.

Boom. Granted, there's a lot more that goes into that. So first off, you have to understand that I've been in this account now since November.

So two, five, almost five months in this account, but a lot of audience research, I know the audience back my hand. So this is not something that's going to happen every single week, but you know, you're going to test an angle here and there, and it's going to explode relative to other angles. So due to consistent testing and law of average numbers, you're going to find a winner over time.

And obviously as you get better, you'll find winners quicker. And also to the more winners you'll find, you'll, you'll find those ads that just blow up through the roof in that sense right there as well. So going back, um, I wanted to discuss a bit more further into it though, why it worked.

So I like to use this analogy where it's like, okay, cool. Uh, your personas you have, and best politically correct way I can say this. So you have your personas first here.

You have your Italian food. You have your American food. You have your Mexican food.

It's usually those three right there. So let's say Italian food persona performs the best in your account. That's the persona.

Okay. Now under Italian food, each angle is the cheese pizza spaghetti. Yeah.

Let's just go with those two. That's two different angles right there. Okay.

Those are both Italian food. And then it's just two different angles. Okay.

Both for the same persona, but just different angles. Now you have cheese pizza. You have meat lovers pizza.

You have pepperoni pizza. That's iterations. Okay.

And then same thing for spaghetti, you know, do it, do all the different flavors of spaghetti. So inside of the account or the last two, three weeks, we've been heavily focused on all the different iterations of cheese pizza. So if you would eat cheese pizza every single day, you would get absolutely distraught about it.

You'd be like, Oh my God, I'm tired of it. Now, if you got cheese pizza one day, meat lovers one day, pepperoni pizza one day, you'd still be upset about it, but it'd be a little slightly better. You'd still get over quickly over time, but it's a little bit longer.

Now, if you got cheese pizza one day and then Italian food, another, I mean, uh, spaghetti another day, that's slightly better. Like it's definitely a better improvement. So you got to think about your audience saturation.

Essentially you've been spending a lot of money on Facebook ads and everything you're saturating your audience. And if you scale up purely off just one specific angle, then that angle is going to burn out. You'll test some iterations of it.

It'll kind of help out with performance a little bit, but you're also going to need to test new angles. So it's important that as we test new iterations of existing best performing angles, we're also testing new angles. Now I know what some of you guys are saying.

Oh, well, Nick, when you said do creative testing, you said to limit the variables, you know, only test the best performing copy against best new creatives. And that's for iterations. Yes.

But when I'm testing a new angle, I do one ad copy against three or four new creatives that try to pull off that angle as best as possible. And I also try to make those three to four creatives very unique. The reason why if I'm testing three to four completely unique variations around that specific angle, and I find that variation B works, then I can look at it and be like, Hey, is there any other iterations I can make of variation B to see if we can squeeze some more juice out of the limit?

Essentially, there's only certain amount of juice you can squeeze. So be careful in that perspective right there. And it is good to create variations because those variations can add another week to two weeks, maybe even a month, two months, depending on how much you're spending to your ad performance and your ad longevity.

So pulling it all back together, the way reason why we're able to crush a really great CPL or cost requisition, a specific gram is that we were able to introduce new angle, new creative that again, every time we put new creative, a new copy of the account, it gets better and better and better because we're consistently learning what works, what doesn't. We're also learning more and more about the audience, what claims work, things like that. So when we introduced this concept account, it works so well because we had all that prior data in the account.

Now what we're going to do? Well, this is my video editor, the exact video, and we get six new variations of it because we've identified those six variations of where we can squeeze more juice out of it. And guess what?

I'm already starting to play the next angle because if I stick on that one angle and I figure out how to squeeze more out of it, nine times out of 10, I'm starting to burn up audience quicker on that particular creative. So I need to just start looking at new angles for the account. So I challenge you guys, guys, people who watch this channel and it's been watching me for a while, look at your account and see where have you been using the same messaging over and over and find new ways to promote the message.

You know, that's what marketing is. It's amplification of a message. So find new way angles of attack to promote your core message that you're looking at.

And through this, you're going to find new angles at work and you might find your unicorn angle or two that allows you to scale your brand past that six figure muff mark or that seven figure muff mark, just kind of depending on where you're at right now. So hope you guys take some value from this and learn from not necessarily our mistakes, but just take this from our learning as well. Like as important as to test new iterations of your best performing stuff, it's also important to test new fresh concepts.

And I would challenge everyone to do one new concept per week with each new concept, having three unique ads around that specific concept. So if the angle is how to run Facebook ads with a one campaign structure, then let's do three unique ways to show off that particular concept right there. And then the next week is a new shirt drop, then three unique creatives to showcase that new collection drop.

And I'm going to put money on it. It's going to help you guys improve your app performance and it's definitely going to keep things fresh and entertaining and engaging for your prospects, which is ultimately going to make you more money at the end of the day. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

If you're making at least $50,000 per month in revenue, which your Shopify business, Shopify store, click link below, book a call with me and my team. I'll put a call together. We'll review everything, your Shopify, your ad account, all that good stuff.

And we'll put together a strategy for you completely for free. And you can take the strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us. If you choose, you're making less than 50 K a month in revenue, then I will be putting together a course.

And also to these videos are designed on the YouTube channel to make you more money at the end of the day. So keep watching the channel, stay tuned for that course. Look, it was kind of just an idea I was tossing around, got a lot of good feedback on people wanting it.

And now it's just like, I'm trying to put the time together now to actually be able to execute on it for you guys. Last time I tried doing a course, I went too, too wide. I went for AOV, LTV, and CPA.

But at the end of the day, if you can't bring customers into your business, AOV and LTV does not matter. So I really want to focus, of course, purely on acquisition and teach you guys more on the marketing fundamental side. Because the Facebook ad tactics, look, one video I can show you how we're running an ad account.

I already did it. Facebook ad account tactics does not matter. It's the core marketing fundamentals is where I really want to focus on, as that's what's going to create the biggest impact in your business versus ad account tactics.

Because look, personally, I've already revealed everything of my ad account tactics in videos already. Like just go watch my last week's videos. I literally showed you creative testing and beginning of the month.

I showed you exactly how I run my ad account last week. So like, there's no reason why you need that. So thank you guys so much for watching.

Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.