Hi, my name is Kim Gibson. I am part owner of Kinetic Concepts, which is owned by myself and my husband, Derek Gibson. And we have been in business for 30 years.

One of our brands that we market and promote is a women's clothing line that's all through e-commerce. And I just want to talk to you a little bit about what it was like when we launched our brand and then working with Nick Theriot and Theriot Solutions and how working with Nick and his team has really, you know, helped propel our brand and our business to what we envision it to be. So we started, we launched our brand in July of 2019.

And day one, we were running Facebook ads. It was important to us to run ads through social media, obviously Facebook and Instagram ads. And we started with very little money, about $50 a day, $25, $50 a day.

We started increasing that as time went on, ultimately getting up to about $1,000 a day, spending $30,000 a month. We knew that we wanted to spend money. We knew that we needed to spend money on Facebook to basically position our brand in front of the right people.

But it takes a totally different side of the brain than what it is that we do day to day in terms of marketing and branding and all of the creative concepts and everything that we come up with our business. Facebook advertising takes a totally different side of the brain. So $30,000 a month we were spending and then we were not seeing the returns that we needed.

So our return on ad spend was, you know, would range from, you know, 0.8 to like 1.3. We just weren't, we weren't maintaining profitability in terms of running ads through social media that, but we knew that wasn't the issue. Wasn't, you know, just giving up on it.

It didn't work. We knew that we needed some expertise. We did our research.

My husband actually kind of did a lot of research, finding the right person that we thought we could work with, who has some expertise and who we could really kind of just let this, let them run the Facebook ads and understand our messaging, what we wanted to accomplish, who our audience was and that type of thing. So we actually came across a YouTube video with Nick and we put a call into him and we talked and just immediately, you know, the fact that he's from Louisiana is a plus, but we just had an instant chemistry. It was very easy to talk to him.

No frills, which is actually a good thing. It was just, what is it that we were looking to do and how he could help us? So, so we talked a little bit and we both Derek and I loved, you know, just to vibe the energy, just his passion for, um, for not just Facebook ads, but just trying to position the business and what we wanted to do with our brand and understanding that.

So we, you know, we kind of, you know, instantly kind of had that chemistry. And, um, so we started working together. So July of 2019, we launched our business.

Um, day one, we were running ads, but we saw we were having an issue. So we bought Nick on in September of 2019. So we went from, uh, $30,000 a month to ultimately over a couple of months working with Nick.

We got to about $90,000 a month in a time that we worked with Nick from, uh, September, 2019 to early 2021, about January 2021, we spent $750,000 in Facebook ads. So needless to say, we were being profitable, you know, just, you know, once Nick got in there, he started kind of fine tuning different things all along the way, understanding what was important to our brand. What was the messaging, who our core audience was understanding that and never losing sight of that along the way.

And we started being profitable just within the first 30 days, we started being profitable and, you know, we didn't hold back anything. When we saw that the profits were coming in from, um, running really great, clean ads, we ticked up the increase in ad spend and Nick was able to help us to really scale. So we were going into the fourth quarter.

So, um, it was important for us to, to be careful with ad spend, but at the same time, we needed to put our message out there and we were trying to build a customer base. Cause again, we were a new brand, new to e-commerce and, um, it was important for us to build a customer base. And we were able to accomplish that with Nick going through all of the, the top of the funnel, the middle of the funnel, rubato, bottom of the funnel, you know, understanding all of the cost per results, the cost per actions, all of these things, you know, he was able to pretty much take it, take the realm.

And we felt confident with Nick for the time that we worked with him. So he has definitely been an important addition to our team in terms of building our brand and, um, ultimately scaling from, you know, $25, $30 a day, $1,000 a day that we were spending to, you know, ultimately spending $90,000 a month. And the time that we worked with him, we spent about $750,000 with a really solid ROAS, um, return on ad spend.

So the time that we worked with Nick, we never fell under a three return on ad spend. So just awesome results, great guy to work with. And in terms of his passion, in terms of working, when most folks are asleep, rest assured, Nick is working, he's getting the work done.

He's, um, he's looking at your ad account every day. And if you want to seriously take your business to another level in terms of, you know, positioning it either through just branding your business through social media ads, through Facebook and Instagram, you know, ultimately converting, um, you know, selling products and making money through, uh, advertising, you know, there's a lot of moving parts in that, but if you need someone who can, you know, run that part of your business and feel confident that he's doing the things that he's, that he needs to do to get it done, Nick Theriot and Theriot Solutions is definitely the, the answer. I'm so glad that we work with him and we, you know, like I said, we work with him from September of 2019, all the way through January.

And, uh, we changed a lot of things that we were doing on our end in terms of inventory and, um, ultimately scaling, um, to a much larger level. So it wasn't that we, you know, stopped working with Nick for any other reason other than it was, we trying to change the scope of the business a little bit, but you know, now we have some other projects that we're working on and Nick is back in the cut. So this is somebody that I hope to work with for many, many years to come.

He's a really good guy, uh, very passionate, just good chemistry. You know, sometimes it's very difficult to find people that can understand your message, understand what you're looking to do with your brand, how to position it, but he understood it. And, um, he listened to what we wanted to do.

And, you know, sometimes 12 at midnight, Nick, uh, you know, I'm seeing something with the frequency on these ads are ridiculous. What's going on? You know?

So he will answer the call. He's always working. He's always communicative about whatever it is that we, you need to know.

And, um, he's just a great guy has a great team around him has done wonders for our brand in terms of advertising. So I would definitely recommend Nick Theriot and Theriot Solutions, very hands-on and very competent about, uh, what he's doing. I mean, the, the Facebook ads and the whole landscape with advertising is a very fast paced, ever changing kind of industry.

So, you know, there's an iOS 14 update. There's so many things that have happened, um, just in our time we're working with Nick, but, you know, nonetheless, rest assured, he's going to be there. He's going to make sure he's getting all the information.

Okay. We need to approach this. We need to do this.

This thing is changing. So he's going to be, um, someone who's definitely vital, um, to your team, who's going to be in your corner and who's going to be working when, um, most people are probably sleeping. So definitely, you know, how many thumbs up can I give to Nick?

Um, definitely is a good guy. We'll work with him as long as we possibly can. And, um, I definitely recommend Nick Theriot and Theriot Solutions for your advertising, for scaling.

If you're just getting in the cut, definitely going to see an increase in your, your ad profitability. So I definitely recommend Nick. He's done wonders for us and I appreciate him and we'll definitely give him the 100% stamp of approval.

So thank you, Nick. And thank you to Nick and his team for doing so well with our brand. We appreciate it.

And, um, we will continue to work with you for many years to come. If you're looking to scale your business and you're looking for better performing ads, I would definitely recommend Nick Theriot and Theriot Solutions. It is a no brainer.

Again, we were spending $30,000 a month when we first met Nick. We were, we weren't being profitable when we were running the ads ourselves. Again, we did $750,000 in ad spend for the time that we work with Nick, which is a little bit over a year and, uh, we've been profitable the entire way.

So we went from, you know, barely cracking that $30,000 a month, barely getting that back to, you know, six figures in a month, ultimately making $2.3 million in a year's time. So needless to say, we truly recommend Nick Theriot, Theriot Solutions. He is definitely going to be someone in your corner who has his eyes on your business from an advertising standpoint when you're asleep or when you, you aren't available.

So Nick is definitely someone who's vital to the team with 100% give him a 100% stamp of approval. And, um, and yes, definitely Nick Theriot, if you're looking to scale your business and, um, to see your profits grow from running, uh, advertisements.