How do you actually deploy the market awareness Facebook ad strategy? I made this video about a week ago where I talked about how we've scaled up multiple brands to seven figures by leveraging the five stages of market awareness. And I've gotten a ton of questions since I posted that video.

I want to actually go and make another video with actual more of the tactical side of how do we actually run it inside of accounts. So before we get started, if you're kind of questioning, you know, why am I credible to be teaching these types of things? Well, first off, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency and also coach and mentor students. Both of those links can be found below if you want, you know, one-on-one mentoring with me, or if you want us to run your Facebook ads, both links can be found below. Now, I've also done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads and been running Facebook ads now for a couple of years.

So everything I basically learned in document of what works for us is documented on the YouTube channel and, you know, I have nothing else to sell you besides that. Hope they'll be out the best. And yeah.

So before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So going into how to deploy the market awareness Facebook ad strategy. First things first, again, just if you're not sure of what particular video I'm talking about, make sure you go watch this video.

Scale your econ brand to seven figures with this new Facebook ad strategy. I go through five stages of market awareness, and I even give you example ads for each specific stage. Now, a couple of the questions I've been getting since I posted this video is how do I set up, basically, how do I set it up inside the ad account?

How do I test ads? How do I ensure each stage is being shown to each prospect at the right time? And do I create one ad for unaware, then problem aware, et cetera?

So basically, you know, what stage to kind of start with and those key things right there. So first things first is just looking at our ad account setup. You know, we follow the same ad account setup for all of our ad accounts, regardless if it's Legion, regardless of its e-commerce, regardless if it's app installs, whatever.

Okay. We keep the ad account setup the same for all of them. Okay.

So we do one campaign. Now, there will be times where we'll do more campaigns. Okay.

In those two specific times, it's, for example, multiple different countries. So for example, if you're running like USA, Canada, Australia, I like this because I have a little bit more control. Instead of putting all the countries in one campaign, I like to have USA, Canada, Australia, like, you know, and again, these are just example countries.

Okay. But I like to do one campaign per country. Then there'd be times where I'll also do it per product.

Okay. So for example, let's say if you're selling an iPad, iPhone, and a MacBook, like for Apple, for example, different product lines, I'll do one dedicated campaign for iPads, one dedicated campaign for iPhone, and one dedicated game for MacBook. Now your objective is to not run more products.

Okay. We only like to focus on one to three products max inside of the ad account. Now, why this is important is because you want to focus on one of three products that you can scale the shit out of and keep evergreen all year.

And then what you want to do from there is you want to use your list, email, SMS, your organic social following to sell your other products. Okay. So that's what we want to focus on.

Now, again, product lines. So for example, if you're selling men's t-shirts and you have three to four different types of men's t-shirts, you'd put them all in one campaign. Okay.

Now, if you're selling men's t-shirts, men's, you know, the men's pants, I would even still put those in the same campaign right there. Unless you want to force sales to men's pants, then you can do it in a separate campaign right there. Okay.

So that is our ad account setup. Now, ad set level. So you can see right here, just an example for our ad set level.

Okay. So we have one main ad set. Okay.

And that's just a normal ad set. Okay. Nothing special about it.

But then the other ad sets in this campaign, they have the little dynamic button at the ad set level turned on. Okay. And you can see right here, UGC 213 and 214 right here.

UGC 213, 214. These are all dynamic ad set, testing ad sets. And then NTR02 is our main ad set.

Okay. Now in one dynamic ad set, okay, we have one overall concept we're following for that particular ad set. We have three creatives that will all have one variable different.

Okay. So what do I mean by that? All three of the creatives, like let's say for example, if it's three photos, all three photos will have one different variable.

Okay. So let's say we have the same headline, the text headline on the creative itself, the same for all three, but each photo is just a different type of photo. So maybe the first photo, if it's like for this energy drink right here, I'm sipping on maybe one photos in the gym.

Another photo is a girl sipping it. And another photo is like a product photography. Okay.

They're different photos, but there's only one different variable and that's how it shot. Okay. Now we also have two copies and two headlines added in there.

One is a new copy and headline. The other is an existing winner. Okay.

Very simple. Now, the next thing is that when you find winning ads with your dynamic, you know, the ads that are hitting your target CPA. Okay.

You do not copy the dynamic ad as a whole, but you copy the post IDs from the dynamic ad. Okay. Then I'll leave that DCT on until the copied ads take off in the main ad set.

Then I killed DCT. Okay. Very simple.

All right. I'll also have a full video breakdown on how to do this. For those who've never discovered this before, I just need to pinpoint this before I actually go into the next things, which is how it's actually leveraged this with market awareness.

Okay. So first things first is when we test the market awareness stage. Okay.

One concept for us is one DCT. Okay. So if we go back to our ad set level, 213 and 214, these are two different concepts.

Okay. But one concept per DCT. Okay.

Now 213 and 214 also each one is its own market awareness stage. So 213, I might be testing the solution aware market stage, or I'm building the ad with the solution aware market stage in line, or 214 might be building an ad structured or ad concept structured for 214. Okay.

And again, one concept is three creatives, two copies, and two headlines, one existing winner and one new one directly correlates to that specific concept. Okay. All right.

Now I do three creators per concept. Okay. So now you know that one DCT is one concept.

Okay. Now for testing the market awareness stage in that particular video, I told you guys to test five particular concepts per stage. Okay.

It's a total of 25 unique concepts. Okay. That is 25 DCT should be testing us.

25 ad sets should be testing. Okay. Now I only test two to four DCTs per week.

Okay. So that basically means 25 divided by two is about 12 and a half. And then 25 divided by four is about six.

Okay. So it's going to take about six to 12 weeks to test all 25 concepts. Okay.

You're not launching all 25 ad sets at once. Do not fucking do that. Okay.

Because I know some of you guys will try that or ask me that. Now the next question was, but Nick, that takes too long. Okay.

Well, this is where you're going to organize and prioritize your testing by what's going to likely give us the highest results. Okay. So if we're going to launch, if we know we're going to test 25 ad sets.

Okay. But we can only launch two to four at a time. Okay.

In one week. That means we need to organize those 25 in a list. Okay.

From highest confidence to lowest confidence. It makes the most sense for our first five tests to be one stage for each test. Okay.

So for the first week, okay, week and a half, you're testing, you know, five concepts because you're doing two to four a week. And that basically means that your first five concepts, you want to kind of start figuring out where to go. Okay.

So what we could do is we could do one, you know, the first five stages market awareness over the first two weeks. And that way the first five concepts, one concept per stage. Okay.

Now I know. All right. Hey, maybe problem aware work the best.

Now I'm going to create four more concepts for problem aware. Okay. Now I'm nine concepts total in.

All right. Only have about, you know, what, like 18, no, four, 14. Yeah.

No, no, 16 left. Okay. So nine, nine minus 25, 16 left.

Okay. I have 16 concepts left to test. Okay.

But at least now I, I come down to that prioritization and that organization of my testing. I find a lot of people lack this. They're like, Nick, I have a hundred creatives to test.

How can I do this the most efficient time? Well, the first question is how can you organize that and prioritize that by confidence to perform then from there, follow your plan while still following this particular strategy. Okay.

Now the next question, how do I ensure each stage is being shown? Okay. Okay.

So we toss again, you know, in our campaign, like two 13 might be an aware stage. Two 14 might be an unaware stage, for example, right here. Okay.

And then in our main ad set, we have all of our winning ads. Okay. You know, this top one right here might be a problem aware.

This one right here might be an aware. This one right here might be. Oh, unaware.

This one right here might be another unaware. This one right here might be another unaware, but then this one, and this one might be solution aware. This one might be a problem aware.

Okay. Like they're all together. All right.

All of them. So all of our ad market awareness stages go into the same particular, you know, DCT or main ad set once they're proven to be winners at the DCT level. Okay.

And again, we're not doing multiple campaigns to test here. All right. It's one campaign for all of this.

Okay. So when you launch an ad, Facebook is consistently optimizing that ad to only show it to people that resonate with that ad. Okay.

Facebook needs to keep people on its platform. So it needs to show ads that resonate with people. Facebook also needs to make money.

So it needs to do a good job at showing your ads, people that resonate with it. So you'll keep spending more. Okay.

So it's objective is to find people that resonate with your fucking ad. Okay. I get this a lot here.

All right. So at this particular level, what you need to do is when you're targeting a specific market awareness, so let's say it's problem aware, someone who's actively thinking about the problem that they're aware to now is going to resonate with that ad. Someone who's actively looking solutions to that problem.

We're going to resonate with a solution aware ad. Someone who's actively aware and just ready to buy, but waiting for the right price. You're going to resonate with an aware ad.

Someone who's completely unaware and you're articulating the current emotions they're feeling right now and then channeling it into your product and or channeling it to the problem. Then the solution are going to resonate with that ad. Okay.

So that's the key thing with market awareness. It's you, you're, when you engage the ad and build the ad, right. For that specific level, only people who are probably are going to resonate with a problem aware ad.

Only people who are solution aware are going to resonate with a solution aware ad. Only people who are product aware are going to resonate with a product aware ad. Okay.

That's why you can put them all in the same ad set because they're going to create their own unique audiences inside. Okay. The ad creates the audience.

It's something big you need to know. All right. So I'm not worried.

I'm not worried about, Oh, well, you know, where it can only go to retargeting. I don't care about that because Facebook's going to show it to people who resonate and the only people who resonate are people that are, you know, price aware in that case, which is an aware stage of advertising. Now, the next thing I had a question was, was Nick, do you need to create an ad that's unaware?

Then target people who watch that ad with a problem aware ad. Then target people who watch the problem aware ad solution aware ad. No.

No. Okay. So let's say for example, I build an unaware ad.

Okay. That ad is going to start off targeting unaware. Then go into problem aware solution aware, product aware, aware all in one ad.

Okay. Same thing with problem aware, right? Problem aware ad concept.

Okay. Problem aware solution, where a product were aware, same thing with a solution, where a concept solution, where a product were aware products, where a concept products, where aware, aware concept, aware. Okay.

So these are five different ads right here, but all of them in at aware stage. Okay. So that's big right there.

And yes, this does not only work with videos. And I see a lot of people like, Oh, well, Nick, this only works with videos. That's false.

Okay. So for example, for a photo, I would showcase a photo that resonates with the problem aware stage and the body copy will do the rest of the solution, where a product were aware. Okay.

You don't have to necessarily do a video for each one of these stages. All right. Now, if you want more examples on this, again, if you haven't watched this video, make sure you watch this video.

It's actually show you guys ad examples for each stage. So you actually can see how it's deployed in, you know, specifically e-commerce and all that good stuff right there. So hopefully this guy's helps you out.

Hopefully it answers everyone's questions. I know there was a lot that I kind of gave you out once, but this is what we've been using. It's helped us a lot.

I'm taking one brand from literally a thousand dollars a day. It spends at 15 K a day and spend by simply leveraging this stage right here. Dozens of other brands we've sold from six figures to seven figures.

Using this strategy right here. This is not necessarily a technical strategy. This is more of a strategy that's psychological and you're dealing with marketing fundamentals and you're dealing with, you know, paid advertising psychology.

This will apply for any platform you are advertising on because you're focusing on the consumer psychology here. Okay. Also have people ask me, will this work on TikTok?

No shit. It works on TikTok because you're dealing with human psychology here. Okay.

So you need to separate Facebook specifically. And now you're focusing on marketing psychology that's been around since 1960s. Okay.

This exact strategy right here. This is, was taught in the 1960s by Eugene Swartz for newspaper advertising. And guess what?

It's still working to this day because it's focusing on human psychology. Also out of question, does it work for dropshipping? No shit.

It works for dropshipping. Okay. Your fulfillment, the way you fulfill your product does not dictate human psychology in the buying process.

Okay. So it's also another thing else I've seen people comment on that case right there. So, but yeah, guys, really hope you all enjoyed this video.

Again, if you're looking for either A to get mentored by me, one-on-one, click link below. Or if you're looking for us to, you know, take a look at your ad account and, you know, book a strategy session with us to see if you'd be a good fit for the agency, click link below. We can look at, you know, running, you know, grads and all that case right there.

But yeah, guys, thank you all for watching. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll see you guys later. Peace out.