Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting video for you guys.

Today we're actually going to do like a little mini copywriting masterclass. I mean, uh, something I've never really got into, but, uh, I really want to showcase because something interesting that I know we always think about when we're doing copy, creative, things like that. So guys, this is pretty much how your headline and like, you know, slash hook affects the audience you attract and something not many advertisers think about when they go ahead and they create a piece of content is what is the demographic of people?

And what's the stage of awareness of people that we're attracting with that piece of copy and with that piece of creative and why this is important is because when you're shooting for a specific, you know, copy or creative and things like that, you're not being cognizant of this. And when you are, you can create some highly more powerful, compelling ads that convert, uh, utilizing this. So I know there's a lot, but long story short, um, depending on your headline slash hook, uh, it affects people from different buyer stages of awareness.

And, um, these people will be more likely to convert than others. So that being said, let's dive into the video or before we get started, make sure that like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and comment below something you've been enjoying about the videos and stuff like that. Uh, something that you would like to see for a future video, uh, this will be interesting one.

So let's dive into it guys. All right. How your headline slash hook affects the audience you attract and why is important is because it's, it's really important to understand with that creative slash that piece of copy, the audience you're tracking.

Cause that's, that's the hook, you know, think about like this, think about you're going and you're going fish and you want to catch a big shark. Don't know why, but you want to catch a big shark and you go out there and you pull a little bass hook, little bass hook. And you put a little worm on there and toss in the water.

And you sit there and like, huh, why am I catching any sharks? And then you got your buddy over there putting big chunks of meat on his big, like huge hook, tossing the water and just pulling in sharks all day. Why?

Cause his hook slash headline is engineered to bring the right audience in AKA the right fish. So it's important to understand this. So that way, when you're writing and creating ads, you have that, you know, that perspective.

So when you're, when you're going out there and fishing, running ads, you know what you're pulling in or what you can pull in essentially. So, so first off, what grabs attention? And I'm a focus more on a video perspective of like video ad perspective on this, but it's the same thing.

Like first three seconds of a video or just that image itself. So what grabs people's attention? What lures people into an ad?

You know, they're scrolling on TikTok or Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, whatever. What graphs people's initial? What's that initial?

Oh, wow. What is that? And it's the first three seconds of a video.

That's really important. Then they'll probably likely watch the video and then they'll read the copy of that ad. They have copy.

Cause like TikTok has literally no copy. It's just basically an ad and a headline. That's it.

And then headline essentially. So headline. And that's that little lower piece on that ad itself.

So you need to understand what's the main key three components that grab people's attention. Now let's look at one more specific. Okay.

So if we know that the first three seconds of video grabs people's attention, then we need to put a lot of, lot of emphasis on that first three to five seconds of that video a lot. So like I'm talking about 80% of the time you spend on that ad, we're spending on the first three seconds of video. Yeah.

And we do that in our agency. So like the first three seconds of video is way more important than say the body copy of that ad essentially. So, so we know that first few seconds of video is very important.

So what is that first three seconds of video? Well, there's the hook slash hot headline text on screen. And then you have like the person talking environment.

So again, like let's say for example, let's just use TikTok. For example, you're scrolling through TikTok. You'll see like maybe some words on it.

I wish I knew, I wish I knew this before 30. And then you see like, that's the first thing that pops up is this big text on screen. And then you have like a guy starting to talk in the background.

And then that environment he's in is really catching because it's like maybe a nice office. He's talking to a really nice office. And then the text says like, I wish I knew this before 30.

Like that really pulls you and grabs your attention. So a lot of people undervalue the, where the video is shot at. So, you know, I've seen people shoot it in really crazy places.

I've seen people shooting in really boring places. Like if I shoot an ad against this white wall behind me, very boring with no other objects in there, but I have other objects in here, just at least make it a little bit more compelling, but still like there's people out there and like super penthouses with glass backgrounds of a city and everything like that. That's really cool, really compelling.

And it's also probably going to attract a more wealthier audience as well. So you just got to look at, think about things like that. So let's go hone in more.

So we know that first three seconds of video is the most important and that hook, that headline text is the most important. So we narrowed it down to specifically what we need to look at. So how do we determine what audience we attract by that hook, that headline?

So let me introduce you to the five stages of market awareness. It's five stages from unaware to aware, aware being like the most like profitable one and unaware being the least profitable. And obviously every consumer is going to go through, and I say unaware to like most profitable, but it's more of, it's the stage of which a consumer goes through in terms of the buying cycle essentially, or the buyer journey, whatever you want to call it.

So yeah, unaware people who have no clue if they have a problem and have no clue of the, okay. I, that's terrible grammar. My apologies on that problem where aware they have a problem, but don't know how to solve it.

So like they're aware they have a problem, but they don't know how to solve it. So like, say for example, problem aware or unaware is they're overweight, but they don't know that they just, they're overweight going about their life. They have no, it's, it's not a problem to them at all.

Problem aware people is they're aware they're overweight, but they don't know how to lose the weight. Essentially solution aware people are, Hey, they're aware of the solutions. Um, you know, maybe dieting, um, you know, working out things like that.

Um, they're just not sure which one to go with, you know, um, they're probably more aware of, Hey, they need a diet and they see keto, they see macro counting, they see vegetarian, like all these different diets. And it's not sure which one to go with yet. Now, product where product, where an aware, these are your two retargeting audiences.

I like to call product where your middle funnel and, um, aware your bottom of funnel, essentially right there. So one through three is top of funnel four and five are, um, you know, retargeting essentially. So product aware is aware of the products out there, but not sure which one to choose.

So they're, you know, again, from solution to where they're trying to figure out which diet product where now they're, they know they want to go with a macro diet. And they've also seen some of your stuff now. So actually aware of aware of you finally, plus some of the products out there, you know, plus like some of your products, which you saw, and they also wear five other, you know, competitors that do macro counting as well.

So product where it's our objective is to position our product above all of the other competitors in the market. So we sell, we, we sell a macro counting program. So as the other five people, why is our macro counting program better than those five?

Like that's big right there. And then aware, this is basically people who are sold on you completely. They're just waiting for a good offer.

Like in terms of like a discount sell, things like that. Um, they're just probably sensitive there, but they're sold on you. So that being said, let's go further and how this actually applies to your, um, you know, creative.

And then you're also, you're a copy, things like that. So let's say for example, if we want to go after our unaware market now, again, this is what is the hardest market to open to. This is one of the hardest, most difficult and 90% of advertisers are not even focused on this at first is a later part of the strategy, but it's not the first.

And with this unaware market, um, I definitely recommend you opening to it. Just again, it's not like your main priority. So, but I, for the sake of the video, I need to show you how you open to it.

So unaware of the market, what works best is a shocking statistic, shocking statistic. That's directly related to a specific demographic. So here's our unaware market.

Here's the headline new study reveals you're 61% more likely to have heart failure. If you're over 200 pounds. Now, again, this is not a real study.

This is something I put together, but we could quote a real study. If that was the particular case, if we were really trying to shoot for this program, new study reveals you're 61% more likely to have heart failure for over 200 pounds. Now.

Oh shit. If I'm over 200 pounds, then I have a fear now in my mind that I could have heart failure. So what is my problem?

My problem is I'm over 200 pounds. So how do I lose weight? Now I just became from unaware to problem aware through that right there.

So then obviously you could have a creative, um, and your, your main body copy could all reflect this specific, um, headline. Again, this could be more of your hook slash your, your first three seconds of that video right there to, um, really like hook people in. So now I'm in now that was unaware.

Let's go to problem aware demographic. So again, this is people that are aware now they have a problem. They need to lose weight, but how do they do it?

How do I lose weight? So problem aware demographic right here, how to lose 30 pounds in the next 30 days. So now I am talking to the people out there who are currently actively looking of how to lose weight.

So here's how to lose 30 pounds in the next 30 days. And then I can sell them on the fact that they're going to need a weight loss program. They're going to really need to get their diet in check.

They're going to need to do some little bit of cardio and a little bit of working out, yada, yada, yada. Here's how to do it. And then you can check out a program first to literally do all this for you.

So, so now I'm just, I talked to a problem aware demographic. In fact, this is where 90% of advertisers will lie. So majority of advertisers are in this problem or demographic right here.

Problem. Here's the solution that we offer now solution aware people. These are people out there who are aware of the solutions.

Now they know that they can go do CrossFit. They can go do bodybuilding exercises, things like that. They're also aware of the fact that they can do keto.

They're aware of now they can do of the macro counting and stuff, but they just, there's so much going on. How do they choose the diet for them? So like, that's where we got to talk about now is how do we position our diet?

Um, or like our solution as the go-to solution for them. So solution aware, let's say for example, they're looking at keto. Let's say they're looking at, um, macro counting and all the other ones.

And we're wanting to sell people macro counting, then solution aware, the only diet that allows people to eat what they love. I love macro counting. I personally do that at that level.

I've looked at other diets. I love macro counting because I can eat things I love and still manage to fit into my day-to-day diet. So this is a great headline because it really resonates with me.

And it really resonates with a big problem in the market when it comes down to dieting, fitness and things like that. So the only diet allows people to eat what they love. Now we're positioning our diet differently than all of the other diets.

Okay. See where I'm going now. They're aware of all these solutions and they are now, why is our solution the best solution?

Okay. Now let's, let's just go back for a second. New study reveals you're 61% more likely to have heart failure for over 200 pounds.

Oh shit. I'm over 200 pounds. I need to lose weight.

Okay. How to lose 30 pounds the next 30 days. Oh wow.

Yeah. Yeah. I need to lose 30 pounds.

Like that's perfect right there. Wow. Thank you for this ad popping up in my feed.

Okay. I looked at a few, you know, diets. I understand I need a diet, things like that.

And then boom, I looked at a few diets. I get hit with the only diet allows people to eat what they love. They looked at keto.

They looked at all these other diets and boom, only that allows people to eat what they love. Okay. So now we're positioning our diet differently than all the other ones.

So you see how everything's starting to kind of unfold now, product aware people. Again, these are people that are aware of you. They're aware of who you are.

They're aware. They've seen your product, all that stuff, or like they've seen your product. They've seen, um, you know, like kind of like what you have to offer, but they're still in that stage of awareness to where they're or, you know, they haven't added to cart yet.

They haven't initiated checkout yet. So let's put it in that perspective right there. So they've been to your website.

They've checked out your, some of your posts online, but they haven't added to cart and haven't initiated checkout yet. Okay. So aware of you, this is the one where they're aware of other products out there.

We're not sure which one to choose. So they're aware of five other brands that are showcasing macro counting and you're one of them. They're just not sure which one's the best fit for them.

Okay. So we really need to hone in on social proof. We need to hone in on unique selling points.

We need to look at the other macro competitors and figure out where they're missing. And then we can showcase of how ours does that better. So product aware, this is where we can do a really great testimonial ad, social proof ad, things like that.

Over 100,000 customers achieve their diet goals using macro Nick. So I'm macro Nick. I get people to track their macros.

Okay. Over 100,000 customers achieve their diet goals using macro Nick. So now imagine being in that stage of awareness where there's five other brands and say, for example, we try to position ours differently than those brands.

Well, other brands don't have the customer count we have and the success rate that we have. So now we can really position that. Then we can do a really great video that showcases a bunch of different testimonials and people achieving their goals.

Okay. Product aware. How do you differentiate yourself?

Like why are you better than all the competitors? Why should I purchase from you over the competitors? And just keep answering that in a variety of different ways.

Okay. Variety of different ads with answering that questions. Now aware they've gone to your website.

They may have added to cart and you should check on stuff. They haven't purchased yet. And why?

Cause I don't know. They just can't quite pull the trigger yet. They're price sensitive.

They trust you. They know you can get results. They love everything, but it's just, Hey, I'm just, I'm price sensitive.

Okay. Look, love to, I just can't do it right now. Macro Nick now 60% off.

It's very straightforward, very straightforward. Okay. Like people would love that.

Okay. So you can see now how we took people through a stage. Like every headline was engineered specifically for a segment of audience.

And again, with copywriting, you're always going to write the headline first before the body copy. The headline dictates everything you write the headline. Then if you write the headline, you write your copy, your creative, everything else just goes ahead and basically compliments that headline essentially right there.

So that's, that's the key thing with headlines. So big thing right there. You really got to push.

So yeah, that's basically just to review it again, just to go through a one last time right there. Let's go to here. Okay.

New study reveals you're 61% more likely to have heart failure for over 200 pounds. Oh wow. I need to lose weight.

Okay. How do I lose weight? Oh wow.

Look at this ad that just magically fell in my lap. How do I lose 30 pounds the next 30 days? Let me watch that.

Oh, okay. So I need to work out. I need to get a good diet in place.

Okay. So I need to get a good diet in place. What kind of diets are out there?

Okay. Oh wow. This diet allows me to eat what I love then educates me on that particular diet.

Oh wow. Okay. That's really cool.

Who's this? So macro counting. Okay.

That's what I need to do. Macro counting. Okay.

So I go look at a fuel line, who does macro counting, yada, yada, yada. And then I'm like getting hammered with five, 10 different other people retargeting me about macro counting. Why do you do it?

And then all of a sudden I get this ad from macro Nick over a hundred thousand customers achieve their diet goals using macro Nick. Wow. So of all of them, no one has the same level of customer success as macro Nick.

That's really cool. So I'm really sold on macro Nick now. Plus they fit some of the, the, um, the other, like, um, I don't know, like core values I represent as a person, my maybe political views, things like that.

Like don't recommend using political views in ads, um, at all, but, uh, maybe just the brand image and things like that kind of fit my just views and things like that. So I really like them. I really think I want to go with macro Nick.

I just can't quite pull the trigger yet. They're more expensive than all our competitors. And all of a sudden, boom.

Oh wow. Macro Nick is now 60% off. I got to go.

I got to go. So like, that's how you have to understand this, this sell cycle and sell process and how you're going to have to have different ads to engineer at certain people. And it also shrinks.

It's a funnel. So like way, way, way, way, way, way down here is your aware group of people and way up here is your, like this big box up here is your unaware people. And then you're problem aware, then your solution aware, then your product aware, and then you're aware of people.

So you have to understand it shrinks down. So your objective is to realistically get converting at unaware and then just have an, and have ads converting at all stages of funnel. So that way you can have the most, um, amplification and for like, for a structural purposes, you don't necessarily like need, like, I'm sure some of you guys are per mentalizing it now as, Oh, okay.

So I need to make sure that my unaware is retard. Like my product wears are problem. We're retarded my unaware.

My solution wears retargeting my problem aware. Like, no, like you can have one top of all top funnel campaign with those three different top of funnel targetings right there. Like, like one top funnel campaign with one ad set and three different creatives and three different ads that are targeting those three different, like problem aware, unaware, and, um, solution aware.

And then your middle funnels, your product aware, and then your bottom of funnel is your aware stage right there. So really hope that helped you guys kind of break that down. Cause this is super important.

And it's something that you really need to spend more time on and really understand like when you create that headline, like a lot of your advertising is dictated on that headline and that, that intro, that first three seconds of that video. So what are you displaying to people? And what is your bait?

What's that bait you put on that hook? Are you going to catch a little, like, are you fishing for sharks and you're about to go catch and you're putting a bait for a little, um, bass fish on there? Are you putting some big shark bait on there?

That's going to catch a 200 pound shark, like, or I think it's like 600 pound shark actually, but your long story short, you guys, you guys are smart enough. Y'all understand. So, um, I think it's time to wrap this video up.

So thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And look, if you didn't know it and you're making 50 K a month or more with your e-com business, I run a Facebook ads, advertising agency, also focused on Tik TOK.

And we're more of your growth partners, essentially like that. And we help brand scales six figures to seven figures a month in revenue. And we'd love to work with you.

So click the link below, book call for me and my team. We'll hop on a call. We'll dig through your accounts, put a strategy together for you.

And you have the option to take that strategy and run with it, or you'll have the option to work with us if you choose. So make sure you click below to do that. If you're making less than 50 K a month, it's okay.

Don't freak out. Make sure that subscribe button because all the videos on this channel is engineered to get you more success with Facebook ads to where one day we have the opportunity to work together. Um, if you choose, so thank you guys so much watching.

My name is Nick Terrio. Hope you have a great rest of your day. Peace out.