This book right here has generated me over $50 million in revenue for my clients through building advanced Facebook ads that convert. I'm literally going to take everything from breakthrough advertising and I put it in a slideshow to one, help my inner circle students, two, to help out my team further implement breakthrough advertising. And I cut out a few things, not going to lie, just because there's some things I can't really show on YouTube, but I've kept the major things from breakthrough advertising and a slideshow.

And I'm literally giving it to you in the next 25, 30 minutes where you can literally read this whole book through the slideshow of all the important things that you'll learn in the book and implement it from this one video. We'll give you some examples as well in this video, and it's going to be super, super valuable for you guys. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency, and I also run a mentorship program. Click the links below, have Nick Terrio run your ads for you, or have Nick Terrio mentor you. Then over $50 million in online revenue in Facebook ads.

And I simply make these videos for you guys because I love to see other people succeed. And I want to help you grow your business at the end of the day. So before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Now, before we get started with this video, I just want to keep you in mind, this is an advanced guide. There will be some stuff in here. You're not going to fully understand if you're very new to these concepts.

If you take some of these concepts and search on my YouTube channel, I do have some of these concepts and further explanation like market awareness, market sophistication, market desire. Those are some key things right there that I will showcase on my YouTube channel in a little bit longer and deeper insight and like, you know, discussion. But I'm just going to warn you, this will be an advanced guide.

So for those who are confused, you may have to watch this video a couple of times to fully grasp it. Okay. Now, with that being said, let's dive into the video.

So how to build Facebook ads to convert in 2023 advanced guide. Long story short, this is the, the cliff notes version of breakthrough advertising with all the tactical stuff you need to implement from breakthrough advertising into your ads to make you a bucket load of cash. So let's just go straight into it.

The first thing we talk about within breakthrough advertising is called positioning. All right. This is the first couple of things that we're leveraging when we take on a new product.

And we're trying to expand that into the market. So the first thing you have to look at is your desire. Your desire is simply the force from the market that creates your market.

You cannot create desire. Okay. Let me just fully put that there.

You cannot create desire, but you can take desire already in the market and channel that onto your product. Okay. What do I mean by that?

Okay. Well, let's just say, for example, when you go out, let's say you go to a bar or club or something like that. And let's say you are a single male or a single female, you secretly desire the attention of the opposite sex.

Okay. Or maybe, you know, if you're a little different than maybe you, the same sex. Okay.

But for the most part, you desire the attention from the opposite sex. Okay. So what are a couple of things you might, I could literally leverage that desire to sell you.

Okay. Well, if you desire the attention from the opposite sex, I can channel my product of fashionable men's clothing on you and say how you can get so many girls by, by wearing this outfit. And if I create enough belief around it, you will buy, I could sell you a dating course on how to go cold approach women.

I can sell you a dating mentorship program where I'll fly to your city and I'll personally walk you through the steps of talking to a girl. I can sell you maybe a barber selling you a haircut. How, you know, like why do you get a haircut to go look good before you go out?

Because you, you, you do secretly want to look your best to attract the attention of the opposite sex. So these are current desires in the market that you channel your product on. Okay.

One desire can have many different solutions. Okay. Once you understand this, this is going to significantly put you a step ahead of the competition.

Okay. Because now you work with the market, not against it because certain desires across the market will make a smaller market and certain desires across the market also have less urgency to be filled in that case. So that's, that's desire.

Again, this is hopes, dreams, fears, and desires that already does exist and focus them on your product slash service. All right. Again, people do not buy what your product does.

People, they buy a product who your product helps them become. Um, so that's also something else to do, just to keep in mind when you're researching the market for desires, understand the image in people's minds about the person they want to be. So who's the person they desire to be in that case.

So next thing, um, from desire, and I'm going to give you guys an example right here. So market desire, I want to make more money. Why?

So pretend you're having a conversation with someone. Okay. Pretend, you know, me and you were talking and I'm like, Hey, let's pretend your name is Jack.

Hey, Jack, what do you desire? Well, Nick, I want to make more money. Well, Jack, why?

So I can provide a better life for my family. Why? So I can give my kids opportunities to didn't have.

Why? So I can feel like I'm a good parent. Okay.

You go deeper in the desire to really understand someone's, you know, visuals they have working and things like that. And that way communicate, Hey, we're going to hit on the desire of, I want to make more money in this ad. And we're going to showcase some of the benefits around, you know, providing a better life for their parent family, give your kids opportunities you didn't have and feel like a good parent.

Okay. So that's something I've taken market desire, deeper levels. And another cool thing about this right here is market desire is done through research.

All of this should be done through research. If you're just guessing this shit, you're like horribly wrong. Okay.

Go do research and really figure out these key things. This right here will take you about five to six hours to do of just straight research. So send you guys times to see, you understand how much time you spend on that.

Now, the next thing you do is you want to tie a desire to a specific benefit to your product. Okay. And the way we do that is that the first thing you want to do is take a sheet of paper out and you want to list out all the features of your product.

Okay. Again, features of a product. It's not the benefits of your product.

The features are more of the real tangible things of your product. Okay. So let me give you an example.

Look at a car. Okay. So I drive a Ford Mustang, you know, 2019 GT.

Okay. So what are all the features of it? Well, it has a 10 speed automatic transmission as leather seats as heated and cooled seats.

It has, um, digital dash cluster. It has a V eight, uh, 460 horsepower engine in it. It has 19 inch tires, um, or wheels.

Yeah. And it's red. Okay.

Those are all the features. None of that are benefits. Okay.

So the first thing you want to do is write down all the features of your product. Now then ask yourself, what is the benefit of that feature? So what is the benefit of me having a V eight and a, you know, a Ford or two door sports car?

Okay. What's the benefit of that? Well, it'll be faster, more powerful.

Okay. Then what's the benefit of feeling faster and more powerful? All right.

Then you start asking those questions. Ooh, you know, then that really kind of starts to, you know, really tick more deeper level thinking. Okay.

So figure out the benefits of that feature and then figure out the benefit of the benefits. Okay. That's what you need to ask.

And through that, that's going to allow you to really undercover some cool stuff. Okay. Then what you want to do is then you want to attach your market desire to it.

So you might have a V eight engine in there for the desire of more power, more speed. Okay. Then you might have the desire for leather in the car for more luxurious and more comfort.

Okay. So you can have a few different desires around your product there. And from there, what you're going to do is you're going to start focusing on one desire plus one benefit.

So back in like the 1960s, when they had the horsepower rush, when everyone wanted the most horsepower in a car, what essentially would happen is that they would, they only needed to show ads that showed horsepower and power because that's what the market desire one at the time. So you can test the different features into benefits to fit different desires across your market and figure out what exactly is the benefit of your product that makes the most. Stop focusing on a hundred different benefits in your ad.

Focus on the one key benefit of your product that allows for, you know, the most power or okay. In that case, there's the Apple ad that says 15,000 songs in your pocket. They turn a feature of two gigabytes into a benefit, 15,000 songs.

And then the benefit of the benefit is it's in your pocket. It's easy, accessible, all that good stuff. So that's desires, benefits.

Now you understand your product. Well, now you're going to go to the stages of market awareness. Okay.

Now market awareness essentially is how far or how close someone is to your product. Okay. Now the key thing is, is that there's already people in these buckets right now across the marketplace.

People feel like that this is specific to their brand. No, fuck your brand. It's, it's, it's the market in general.

Okay. This is the market right now as a whole, right now, if I'm selling Facebook ad services, there's already people in the wear stage of actively about to pull the trigger on Facebook ad services. Okay.

If I simply get in front of them before they pull that trigger and offer more features and benefits for a lesser price, they're going to choose me. Boom. That's it.

Simple as that. There's also a ton of people out there who are completely unaware. It's even needing Facebook ad services right now and they're on the wear.

Okay. So at this particular stage right here is that where do we pick up the conversation? Okay.

So I'm going to give you guys an example right here with a weight loss product. Okay. And unaware, I'm unaware to how my weight could be a problem in my life.

They're completely oblivious to the problem they are experiencing in their life. That's what we have to understand here. Okay.

So what we have to do in an unaware stage is educate them that they do have a problem. I am trying to convince someone they have a problem. That's all I'm trying to do here.

All right. But they are actively aware of maybe different things going on in their life. Okay.

I'm unaware to how my weight could be a problem in my life, but it's hard to walk up the stairs without feeling exhausted. So these are people that are actively going upstairs, feeling exhausted, blah, blah, blah. And now I'm trying to convince them they have a problem that they're overweight.

Now, problem aware is I'm overweight. I need to lose weight, but I don't know how. So now at problem aware stage, and again, you can start at any one of these stages because I get so many people in the comments are like, well, Nick, do I have to go unaware before I go problem aware?

No, you can start at whatever stage, then go down. So like I can literally just only create aware ads for my ad account and I'd be perfectly fine. Or I can only create problem aware ads and be perfectly fine.

The key thing here is, is whatever you start at, you must go down. So if I start at solution aware, I must go down to aware. If I started unaware, I must go down to aware.

And I start and I do all of these stages in one ad. Okay. So that's also another key thing here.

So problem aware, I need to lose weight, but I don't know how I'm overweight, blah, blah, blah. Okay. I'm, I'm, you know, someone told me that I'm overweight.

You know, I've gone from unaware now to aware or like problem aware that I need to lose weight. Okay. So now when I create an ad, I want to actively start off with looking to lose weight.

I'm not introducing the solution yet. I'm not talking about the product yet. I'm talking about the problem they're experiencing because that's where they're at right now in the mental loop.

Then I'm going to go to solution where, Hey, you know, for solution aware, they're actively looking at the solution to lose weight. Okay. They're seeing different solutions for it.

We need to do two things at the solutions there where stage, we need a pinpoint the reason why our solutions to best solution. Okay. Let me give you another example for you to further understand this.

Okay. When you wake up in the morning and you want an energy drink, there's three different ways you could do it just off the top of my head. I can go get coffee.

I go get an energy drink, or I can take a pre-workout. Those are three different solutions. Okay.

But why would I pick one solution of the other? Well, I want my pre-workout for mornings that I go to the gym because I personally prefer pre-workout over an energy drink or coffee before working out. Maybe on a Sunday when I'm not working out that day, I just want to do a coffee, nothing crazy.

Or maybe I slept in late, you know, or maybe I slept in late and it's too late for coffee, but I just want to do an energy drink. It's not working out that day. So different solutions.

And we want to pinpoint people right then and there. Here's the solution. Boom.

All right. Another solution. We run Facebook ads, you know, Facebook ads to deliver you 10 X business growth.

Okay. Here's the solution. I'm just telling you, you need Facebook ads.

All right. Whereas problem where people they're stuck with, I need to grow my business revenue, but I don't know how they haven't even compartmentalized the fact they need Facebook ads yet to grow their business. So solution where I can just go straight up state the product, the product category.

So Facebook ads, not my brand name. That's key thing here. Solution where I'm not talking about my brand yet.

I'm talking about the product, the solution, and a benefit of it. Facebook ads to take your business to the next level. That's it.

I'm not saying Nick Theriot runs your Facebook ads, take your business to the next level. I'm not saying that because they don't know who the fuck I am yet, but they do know the solution. That's Facebook ads.

Okay. So that's a solution aware ad. All right.

Again, if I start a problem aware, I'm going to start a problem aware, then I move to solution and product and aware. If I start at solution, I'm going to start at solution. Then I go product and aware.

Okay. Now product aware ad, a product aware ad is people who are actively aware of your product. Okay.

Someone who's actively aware of your product fully understands what your product is. What does your product do? And how does your product benefit them?

But they're not sure yet of your product. Okay. So at this particular stage, let's go back to the energy drink form, uh, energy drink, coffee, and a pre-workout.

Okay. Those are my three different solutions I can do in the morning, but I want to go the pre-workout route. Um, or let's go, let's go the energy drink route.

Okay. Now the energy drink route, what energy drink do I want to choose? There's a fuckload of them.

Okay. I can go to Red Bull. I can go 3d.

I can go monster. I can go to NOS. I can do a Celsius.

There's so many different ones. So which one do I choose? That's a product aware ad product aware ad is further positioning your product above the other products similar.

Okay. So solution aware you're positioning your brand, your product, your solution as the best solution compared to the others. I'm saying energy drinks are better than coffee because it doesn't dehydrate you.

And then I'm saying energy drinks are better than pre-workout because it doesn't give you, um, the itchy and uncontrollable jitters. Okay. So now I'm like, huh, I want to do energy drink, but which energy drink?

There's a fuckload of them. Okay. So then that's why I'm saying our energy drink Celsius is better than monster because it's a smaller can, less liquid, but yet we have 200 milligrams of caffeine.

Our caffeine is, you know, better imported or better created for more pure concentrate or go look at a bang bang with BCAs and all these other nutritional things they claim that's in there. They push this because they're aware that you're aware of other products, other energy drinks, and they're trying to position their energy drink as a better energy drink than the other ones. So at a product aware stage here, you are really actively looking at how can I better position my product than all the other ones?

What makes my product better? And this is going to go back down to the same other content I post about of how you guys are trying to run shit products and beat your competition when you have a shit product. All right.

You actively need a good product to be able to do this. Okay. Now at the product aware stage, other questions people are asking are things like proof.

Has this worked for others? So like if I'm selling an agency account or like, you know, if I'm selling the fact that I run your Facebook ads and that example right there, then ultimately what I would want to do is I want to show proof. I want to show case studies.

I want to show you a more superior strategy than all of the other agencies you're talking to. Okay. Now aware aware is the easiest possible type of ad to run.

Okay. This is literally just saying Facebook ads 10% off today. It's your standard discount ads.

They're already aware of your product. They're aware of your brand. They know they want to buy from you.

They're literally just waiting for a discount. That is it. Okay.

It takes no skillset to open an unaware market. It takes a high level skillset to open an unaware market. Okay.

So all key things to look at here. All right. Here's just a few examples.

I mean, I'm already moving really fast right now, but you can just kind of pause this and kind of look through this really quick. Um, if you need any examples, another key thing about market awareness is that unaware is the largest portion of the market. That's to me, the largest potential market that's going to allow you to spend more and make more money.

Okay. But the difficulty sell to also goes from hard to easy as you move down this ladder. Okay.

So aware super easy to sell to, but you cannot spend nearly as much money. Can't make us nearly as much money as you want to make. We're unaware a lot harder to sell to, but you can make a fuckload more cash.

Okay. Now just be fully transparent here. I have had ads hit my CPA goals at aware stage and I've had ads hit CPA goals at unaware.

You're not going to, you're not lowering your standards for a, for unaware market. You're still have the same KPI goals, the same ROAS goals and target RAS goals at unaware. It's just more difficult because you have to spend a lot more time to actually build the ad.

Okay. It takes a lot higher level of a marketer to really understand and open up an unaware market correctly. Okay.

Aware takes me five minutes to write 60% off site wide, showcase the product in the image, showcase the big thing that says 60% off. That's it done this after really build and go through mental loops and take people through kind of mental masturbation and aspect right there to really sell them. Ultimately that they have a problem then, then introduce the solution, then show how our products, the best out of all the other products on the market, then boom aware.

Okay. So I just want to showcase that with you now market sophistication. Okay.

And market sophistication. This is super, super big here because market sophistication here is that this is where we're really going to dig deeper into competitors and what people need to see. Okay.

So the key thing about market sophistication is that people have already seen other products. Okay. So let me give you an example.

Um, I know I have like this diet example right here, but I just, I want to further look at this from a different perspective because it'd be a lot easier to understand. Okay. So a stage one market sophistication that's, that's right here.

Lose ugly fat. You simply just need to state the claim. Okay.

So I'm going to use the Facebook ads niche because a lot of you guys are in the Facebook ads niche. Okay. That'll watch this channel in 2015 when I was running Facebook ads.

Okay. They are all I had to do was reach out to businesses and say, I run Facebook ads. I would love to do the same for you.

And business owners be like, cool, let's do it. All right. Because Facebook ads are becoming new.

People start seeing results with it. People want it to get on there. All right.

But due to the lack of knowledge on Facebook ads, because there's so many people that never done it before, they didn't really have these high level questions. It was just, do you run Facebook ads? Boom.

All right, let's do it. Now a stage two market sophistication. This is where you have to exaggerate the claim.

All right. So how can I exaggerate the claim of I run Facebook ads for you? All right.

What I could do here is then go further into, all right, well, we run highly profitable Facebook ads at three extra hours or your money back. All right. Now I'm not just saying we run your Facebook ads.

Now I'm stating a very specific claim of we run Facebook ads at three extra hours or your money back. Okay. I'm not saying we just run Facebook ads.

So think about it. If you got two people reach out to you, one just says, Hey, I'm gonna run your Facebook ads. And one person says, I'll run your Facebook ads at a three extra hours or your money back.

Which one would you choose? You've been reached out to a fuckload of other shitheads in your inbox that says, I'm gonna run your Facebook ads. Whereas this one guy said, I'm gonna run your Facebook ads at three extra hours.

Are you, are you running back? You're obviously going to choose the three extra hours one because it sounds a lot better. It's a lot more juicy in that case right there.

There's a lot more, whoa, that looks good. Shiny object. And it's more exaggerated in that case.

Okay. So when you go to a stage two, because everyone's doing stage one, everyone's reaching out to people saying, we're going to run Facebook ads. Well, look, I'm gonna go to a stage two and position myself as the more superior solution.

Okay. By saying, Hey, we do Facebook ads, three extra hours, are your money back? Okay.

Now stage three, stage three is where things get different because the key thing about exaggeration is that you can only exaggerate for so long before the exaggeration starts to lose its effectiveness. So after a whole bunch of people are like, Hey, we do Facebook ads at 10 extra hours. Hey, we do Facebook ads at three extra hours.

One, if I, if the average for the market's three extra hours and everyone's saying 10 X, it's going to be unbelievable. And if you provide an unbelievable exaggeration, actually the opposite will happen. I see this all the time in my YouTube channel because I'll actively do a hundred K in a day in revenue with Facebook ads.

I'll upload a video, how we did a hundred thousand dollars in one day with Facebook ads, get two, 300 views. But if I say how we did $10,000 in a day with Facebook ads, or even how I did a thousand dollars a day with Facebook ads, I'd have a substantially larger amount of views because that's a lot easier of a statement to believe across the market. Okay.

So let's just keep that in mind right there. So again, the whole reason why we're talking about this market sophistication is to help you position yourself above the market. So when you go to a stage three, one and two are done.

It's too many, too, too many people exaggerated. And one, there's just too many people saying the same shit. So you have to go to a stage three.

Now, the key thing here for a stage three is that now we're starting to be more feature first than benefits. Why? Because we're introducing a new mechanism across the market.

Okay. Do you know what a mechanism is? A mechanism is a process for which how you get results.

Okay. Mechanism, long story short, is like a recipe. Okay.

So in this recipe, for example, we're introducing a new way, a new hope to get the same results they want. So starting 2016, 2017, I start to see new Facebook ad strategies implemented. My mentor, Jeremy Haynes, he released this new strategy called the Venus flytrap.

And it took off. A fuckload of people was like, I want to do the Venus flytrap. I see the amazing success.

Jeremy's doing the Venus flytrap and the Facebook ads world. He simply released a new mechanism, a new way to get the result that the old result people want it, but it's a gives people a new hope. Just saying Facebook ads no longer works anymore because people realize, wait, it's how you run the Facebook ads that matters.

So he released a new mechanism, a new strategy, and he was crushing it in terms of acquiring clients because he applied market sophistication. He realized all the other clients just got shit performance with Facebook ads. He needs to use a new unique way to run Facebook ads.

Now all of a sudden it gave people a new hope. Then all of a sudden people wanted to work with them because of this new strategy that was working really well. Okay.

Now let's say for example, you go to a stage four. Okay. So you're at a stage three, you released a new mechanism in that case right there.

Now what you have to do at a stage four, it's the same thing as a stage two. You have to exaggerate. Okay.

A stage four, two things happen. You can either remove limitations from your old mechanism. Okay.

So, uh, you know, one of the biggest limitations by the strategy Jeremy Haynes released called the Venus flytrap is you have to produce a lot of content. Okay. If you can't produce a lot of content, you're just not going to work well with the Venus flytrap.

So in his case, he could have released, again, he didn't, but he could have was Venus flytrap without any content, how to make it work for your business. Okay. Now all of a sudden he's addressing a particular limitation across the market, which is going to actively go ahead and, um, again, just further position them in the right stance.

All right. So you can remove former limitations, or you can add more features and more benefits, solve more of the problem. Okay.

I personally prefer limitations. Just go look at limitations across your market from other products like yours. See how your product can, can either a be improved or be, you know, positioned differently to solve those limitations.

Okay. Now stage five is purely identification and a stage five market sophistication and a stage five market awareness unaware. Both have a very similar approach.

It's by really hitting on a dominant desire across the market in that case right there. Okay. Dominant, not, not desire, dominant emotion.

People want to feel easiest way to talk about this is go look at the Apple commercials, like Apple commercials with like the dancing iPods and stuff like that. They're just showcasing a specific crowd of people who they want to resonate with in the market. Go look at, um, Nike, find your greatness.

That's an amazing commercial. It's like six minutes long with all the different commercials for finding greatness. All they're doing is really speaking to a dominant motion across the market and a specific group of people we want to identify with.

So now key thing here is that when you get to stage four and you need to move to stage five, stage four, you can either go to five or three. So you can either, Hey, let's assert folks need more identification or let's go back to three and create a whole new mechanism. Okay.

So right now in the Facebook ads world, we're constantly back and forth between three, four, back to three, three, four, back to three, three, four, back three. All right. How we had UGC content, we had broad targeting.

Now the new mechanism is psychology based ads. Okay. So that's, what's big across the market right now.

All right. And here's a quick example. You can pause this video, go deeper on install stuff, pull it directly from the book.

And we're going to get into writing the headline next. Now, unfortunately that's all I can produce for today. So you will have to tune back in for the next video, part two of this video.

So make sure you hit the like button. I'm only going to release part two. If we get at least 50 likes on this video.

So drop a like below, drop your comments below, give you some very in-depth things. Um, this is why I have my inner circle created, have Nick mentor you or where I can actually help you implement these things to your business or have Nick tell you run your Facebook ads below or actively do all these things for you. And, you know, actively do all this, like run your ads and everything like that.

So sure to like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. And I'll see you guys in part two.