Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I'm bringing you guys a tutorial on how to do the organic text, like the organic text from Instagram. How to actually add that to like your editing software. So it's in the story, like your editors and stuff like that.

Allow them to leverage this video because honestly, we're too busy to have time to actually do this ourselves. I'm actually going to show you guys a editing tutorial on how to add the organic text and everything like that to your creatives. So let's just jump right into it.

Cause I want to show you guys exactly. We'll be creating today. So here is the demo video.

I have for you guys demo ad in that sense, just to play it. You can see this organic text that's applied to it. Um, you know, it's like the Instagram text.

It's not like some that I kind of like made myself. Uh, this is literally straight from the platform right there. Now there is ways to where you can replicate this yourself.

By just using that font by making those little rectangles. And honestly, from an editing perspective, that's usually the way to go, but it takes way more time than just what I'm gonna show you guys today. So let me show you guys what we're gonna do today.

How are we gonna cut this down? So there's a little screen recording, um, from my phone. Let me just make sure you guys can see this real quick.

Okay. So just to show you guys exactly what we did, went on Safari, just searched up like green screen solid and that's sent right there and found a, this bright green one. That's like a true green screen.

Okay. Now, obviously we're not gonna purchase this $1,450 NFT right here, but we're gonna save that. And we're gonna commit, um, you know, whatever it is when you still are.

Okay. We're gonna commit art fraud. Um, we're gonna find that green screen solid, and then we're gonna zoom it in on our phone, zooming in, fills the full phone up.

And we're gonna do is just, we're gonna screenshot that. Okay. And now here's what we're gonna do next.

We're gonna go to Instagram. We're gonna go to your Instagram story specifically. So, and here just to show you again, what that full green screen solid looks like.

So we're gonna go to Instagram. There we go. Okay.

Instagram, you're gonna create a story. Okay. Click a story and you want to select that solid.

Okay. So find that solid and select it, select that solid. And when you select that solid is you're gonna like, kind of create a story, you know, feel like your regular story.

You're gonna have that full thing kind of popped up like that. Now here is where all you're gonna do is add your texts. Okay.

Add your texts, just like you, whatever texts you want specifically. So spend some time before you do this, spend some time and figure out what your text needs to be. So you also might be real life, like editing throughout this.

And you want to add that text in and like money, you kind of do this like in the middle of like editing video, or before you even shoot this creative, like get all that put together. So let me just zoom out real quick. Let me just go by a little quicker.

So type your creative in, add it in. So here we go. How to scale ads, Facebook ads to the moon.

Boom. Great. Now what you want to do after you get all your texts is you want to go ahead and you want to save it.

You want to save this by just clicking on three little dots and click on save. There we go. And then now you can go to your phone, you have this saved and I'm on a Mac book so I can easily just airdrop it.

If you're not on a Mac book, you could probably like email yourself, Google drive it to yourself, something like that. It's where you can get it to your computer. All right.

Shouldn't be hard to get to your computer. Cool. Now what happens when you, when you get that you should have, let me pull it up.

Here we go. You should have this. Okay.

This is your, like your video. So, so now what we can do here is now that we have this image, add or this image, we can drop it into our composition. Now, look, I'm not going to show you guys how to work after effects as a media buyer.

You do not need to know how to edit again, you can give this video to your, your team, your video editing team, lob them to execute on that. Me, I have five years of experience with Adobe after effects, 3d modeling and all that stuff like that. So what I did before it got into media buying also have a YouTube channel called the DG FX.

That's a golden gym for you guys, where I literally taught people how to video edit for a few years. So that's the T H E D G F X. If you want to go see some old video tutorials of like squeaky voice version of me editing videos.

So anyway, here's our video. Um, what I'm gonna do is simply going to drag and drop that photo in there now. Wow.

That's great. But naked, it doesn't like, you can't do anything with this. Okay.

That's why we did green screen. So we go to effect in after effects and I'm going to go to King and I'm looking for key light 1.2, whatever it might be. Um, you can also do some like Adobe premiere to, you know, like green screen and stuff like that.

Um, there's gonna click on it. Boom. Wallah.

There we go. We're golden. Now here's one thing we're going to do next is sometimes the emojis get messed up.

So what I'll do is, is I'll duplicate this layer and then I'll have, and I'm basically removed the key light on the second layer and I'll create a mask around the emojis like that. There we go. And then that way, the second layer is only showing on top of that emoji emoji.

And then I'm basically group them together. So you precompose them together. Boom.

Um, I'm just gonna call this how to scale Facebook ads. Okay. And then what I'm gonna do is, is I'm gonna create a mass now around the text.

There we go. Boom. Cool.

Now I have my organic text. Sorry. I had to, uh, text the door dash.

Okay. Anyway, so now they have your text right here. Obviously now it's just your standard kind of like position and your standard like elements and stuff.

Again, you should already know out of their effects and I can teach you guys out their effects, but you know, let's just say for example, we want at the beginning, um, a lot of like native texts, like Instagram overlays and stuff like that. They don't really have any effects to it. So I'm just gonna trim it right here.

Boom. Um, in terms of like the transitions, it's just kind of like pop up. So that's also really cool.

So like, here's how to scale Facebook ads to the moon. Boom. And then you can do like, you know, your next layer right there, uh, will be like your sting of text.

So yeah, that's it. I mean, it's a super basic tutorial. I'm just showing you guys how to get this really native looking text.

Now, why would you want this? Why would this matter to you as a media buyer? Or why would this matter to you as a video editors?

Because this is gonna look tremendously more native. It looks like it was created on the platform. It's going to have the better colors.

It's going to have the bright positioning and stuff like that. And it's going to make it look more organic, more organic. It looks more like it blends in with the platform, the better the ad will convert because people won't think it's an ad that sense right there.

So that's the, that's the big why for this. So all this helped out, all this little trick helped you guys out. It's kind of cool.

Kind of diving back into after effects, actually doing a video like this since, uh, you know, got my YouTube channel start like 10 years ago, teach people out there effects anyway, but yeah, hope this helped you guys out. I get, this is made for more like your editing team and stuff. So send it over to them for great examples.

And, uh, yeah, thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And, uh, yeah, stay tuned, comment below what you guys thought of this video.

It's kind of like creative video on how to do creatives in that sense. You guys would love more like this. I'll be happy to make some more, just make sure you drop a comment below.

Oh yeah. And lastly, if you're making at least $50,000 per month with your business, make sure the link below to book call with me and my team will build a strategy together for you to take action on, or in basically take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us. If you choose, you're making less than $50,000 per month, stay on the channel.

Cause this video is designed to make you more money. Um, and I will have a course soon. That's going to kind of break these videos down to more of a step-by-step process to make your life a lot easier to try to figure out which video to follow and like all that fun stuff right there.

So again, thank you guys so much for watching. My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.