Let me ask you a simple question. Are you overpaying to acquire a customer with Facebook ads? If so, you are not alone.

Today, I'll be breaking down a case study we recently had where we took a client from a $115 cost per conversion all the way down to a $55 cost per conversion. They came to us with a target of a $70 cost per conversion and we were able to get it down even $15 cheaper than the target we need to scale. This is all while spending over $2,000 a day on Facebook ads.

So with that being said, let's dive into it. So we first took over this account. They had over 25 different active campaigns in the account.

So we come into account and see all that. The very first thing we have to understand is what is the objectives for this client? This client had one objective and that was to promote one product in one country.

So we only needed one campaign for this particular client. Let's say for example, they had five different countries, then we would need five different campaigns to promote this product in each of those countries. Or let's say they had two completely different products and wanted to promote in those five countries.

We would literally need 10 different campaigns for that. With this particular client, we only needed one campaign for this one product. When I started to break up all of these campaigns, these campaigns were built using lookalike audiences, interest, they had some campaigns with bid cap, some campaigns with cost cap, some campaigns with retargeting.

I don't shame this particular client for doing all that. They were in a position where they were struggling to get cost per conversion down and they were literally throwing everything they could at the ad account. This is a very common thing I see all the time and it actually hurts performance.

So now that we have our clear business objective set up, we went ahead and created a new campaign. We created a sales campaign. We turned off the little advantage catalog and we turned on advantage campaign budget.

We set that at $200 a day. Then we went to the ad set level and we pretty much just left it as broad, which is age, gender, location. This particular product right here could go for any age, any gender, and we only had our one country, which was USA.

Now, one key thing we did do was we did turn off advantage audiences and we did switch to manual audiences. And that's what we did because I personally prefer that. I get better results with that than using advantage plus audiences.

Now, the next thing I did in that particular ad set was create six new ads. And inside those six new ads, I clicked use existing posts for each one. Then what I did was, is I went look at the last 30 days of ads that were being ran on that account.

And I pulled the six highest spending ad creatives that were unique creatives in the account. And I pulled the post ID and I entered it into that use existing post box right there. So I have six unique creatives in of that side, that one campaign, one ad set that we just set up at $200 a day.

Now, the next step is actually shifting budget from this whole account down into this one campaign. So the first thing I like to do in a scenario like this is I like to just go and look at the ad account and just first identify the clear campaigns of extremely high cost per conversion that we can start cutting off and taking that ad spend and just dumping it into that new campaign we set up. And I'll generally start doing this about seven days after launching this first campaign, created to optimize for a few days before we just start dumping a bunch of ad spend in.

And then what we did is we just keep repeating this process, cutting off campaigns, putting ad spend in. I didn't wanna just cut them all off at once and dump the budget in. Now that we have our single campaign set up and basically our foundation for testing new creatives, we started our creative creation process.

After successfully scaling multiple e-commerce brands now to multiple seven figures a month, we've identified a handful of ad angles that we can pretty much just repeat into all of our client accounts and have the highest probability of success with those clients in the first 30 days. So the first thing we do is take those ad angles and then we start going and doing the research we need to gather information to build out those angles for the client. A lot of this research is going through Reddit, going through TikTok, going through YouTube.

I wanna go look at comments on the ads that were being ran. I want to go to website reviews. I wanna go look at competitors.

I wanna go look at indirect competitors. I wanna go look at all of that and start gathering information based off a list of questions I like to ask myself when I work with any client or any new product during that research process. Once I've gathered all of this research, I'll then go ahead and start building out these ad angles.

This is where I'm just doing the scripting part where I'm writing the hook and then I'm writing pretty much the story that goes with that hook if it's a video or if it's a photo ad, I'm writing pretty much that hook for that photo of what goes on top of the photo and then I'm writing maybe a sub hook and then like maybe two or three bullet points on it. And I'm basically just building out all of the ad plans here for each of these concepts we wanna test. Now, an ad concept for me is just an ad idea.

That's all it is. If I have an idea for an ad, that's an ad concept. And I like to do one ad concept per ad set.

And then I'll load in either three videos or three photos. Now, the difference between each of the three photos or each of the three videos in that particular ad set is that they're all split by one variable. A video, I'm gonna change the visual hook, which is the visual you see in the first three seconds.

So each of the three videos will be the exact same script, exact same text hook, but just a different visual hook. The photos will be the exact same hook, exact same text on each one, but just a different background on each one right there. I'll then go and build out anywhere between six to 12 ad concept in the first round of launching new ads in a client account that we take on.

And then what we'll do is we'll go and send some of those ad concepts to content creators. I like to hire content creators on instance.pro. I'll also go clients raw folder content.

So how much content they have already on hand. And then I'll just start building out these creatives, send them all over to my editing team. They'll take some of the content creator footage we get and then file from the client.

And they'll build out all of these creatives. We'll then go and launch our new ad sets. And again, we do one concept per ad sets.

I find that three to four ad concepts a week is the best. Now, after we launched all these creatives, we did find a new winning ad for this account, which further drove our cost per conversion all the way down to the $55 mark inside of this account. Now that we have a new winning ad creative and we're actually getting a cost per conversion, literally $15 cheaper than what the client hired us to get.

Now we're going to start scaling what I would say, quote unquote, aggressively, which for me is simply just increasing by 20% a day. This has just been the most consistent one that I've personally have liked and used the best. Our whole goal is to get this client to $1 million a month.

This is also where we're going to start looking at now, more problem aware and unaware ad angles where we're going further up the stages of market awareness. Great video I have to watch is advanced marketing strategy to scale to $1 million a month, where I go over the five stages of market awareness and how to actually apply those and write those different types of ads for your ad account. And this is exactly how we lowered cost per conversion for this account from $115 to $55 with a target of $70.

If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to hop in your ad account and run your Facebook ads for you, you have to be making at least $100,000 a month. And if you are, then click the link below to book a call with me.

And we'll hop on a call, go over your account and see what's best for you. Now, if you maybe don't make $100,000 a month yet, but you still want my advice and my basically strategies and stuff like that, you can apply in your account. Then click the link below to have Nickterio mentor you, where you can jump into my monthly mentoring program, where I actually coach you directly.

Thank you all so much for watching. My name's Nickterio, and I hope you have a great rest of your day. Peace out.