Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry.

And today I have an exciting new video for you guys today. We'll be going over how we did $137,000 in 30 days for a supplement brand. I'm going to do a full case study and drop all the details and everything for you guys, how exactly we did that.

So with that being said, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video. Okay.

So $137,000 in 30 days for a supplement brand, and I'm going to show you exactly everything. So let's just kind of a quick overview, $137,000, $38,000 from that profit. I do want to do a full disclaimer to as well.

This actually is in New Zealand dollar. So I'll let you guys do that math up, but it's, I think it's roughly like 70% of the U S dollar as well. Um, I just want to make sure I make that clear now because I made the mistake of originally filming this and be like, Oh wait, shit, this is New Zealand dollar.

So I just want to make sure you guys are aware of that. Cause I don't want to fool anyone or anything like that. So that is like roughly 60, 70% of what the U S dollar is.

So just want to make sure we're aware of all that. Now going further into it, um, we did $137,000 in 30 days using three campaigns only. Okay.

If you watch the how to run Facebook ads in 2022, you'll, you'll be, you'll be familiar with some of these things. I'm going to show you guys in the next few slides, but I just want to show you guys this right here. So use three campaigns only, uh, prospecting, creative testing, and ads holding container, which is basically just a dummy campaign, a creative testing campaigns where we do our creative testing or just our testing in general.

And then we have a prospecting campaigns where we spend all our money at. So where we came from, we came from $16,000 back a little under nine months ago or 12 months ago, I think it's like nine months or 10 months when this client first came on board and they had just did $16,000 and we helped them do 135 or $137,000. So with that being said, um, I just want to kind of go into a few different things.

Um, Nick only a 2.5 row ass. Look, I just have to say it every time I talk about row ass. The reason why is because one row ass is different for literally every single person.

Some people need like, like if you just say, I want a three extra rest with no context of your cost of goods, your profit margins, and all that stuff right there, you're shooting yourself in the foot because I've seen brands like, yeah, Nick, we want three extra rest. And I look at all their cogs and everything like that. And they need actually like a three extra break, even not even to be profitable.

And then they realize they're like, Oh shit. Well, I actually need like a four or five X. So it's all very important right there.

And again, profit goals are different for everyone. So there'd be periods of time where you, people will accept lower profits to go harder on customer acquisition, which is usually about Q2 and Q3. And then there's periods of time where people want to ease off on customer acquisition and make the most profits, which is usually Q4.

If you acquire a ton of customers in Q2 and Q3, then in Q4, when you do your black Friday, all of these customers can be purchased up from you a ton, which is going to make you a ton of profit because you really don't have to do anything to acquire them. So that's a big thing right there. You know, again, so you need to understand where your breakeven RAS is at.

You need to understand where your profit margins are at. Every single business is different. I'm telling you that now what affects RAS from the highest impact to lowest impact offer site conversion rate, ad messaging, ad visuals, account structure.

This is from the highest impact to lowest impact. So just by improving your offer, you can create a huge impact in your ROAS. Just by improving your site conversion rate, you can create a huge improvement.

And the list goes on. I'm not going to go into this too deep, too deeply. Because again, this is going to all can be found in my series, how to run Facebook ads in 2022, where I go very specific on all this.

So step one would be dead. It was just simply identify the personas. Who are the people that are buying this particular product?

We did this through market research, looking at competitors, reading Amazon reviews, looking at reviews on competitors. websites, looking at who's being marketed to in our competitors websites, looking at similar products, looking at like just literally everything we can get our information on around this product and products similar to identify who are the people that are purchasing. This is simply just an example persona right here.

So step one is just identify all the people that are buying your product. Okay. Now, the next thing is to do a bridge on each one.

Sometimes the bridge will be the same for all of them. That's okay. But we did one for each persona.

Because like, for example, we have one persona that wants to quit caffeine. Then we have another persona that simply just wants to get over that afternoon hurdle of like the, you know, gloom 12 o'clock crash, whatever you want to call it afternoon crash. So we did a current situation, which is their current situation.

What are they feeling right now? What are the emotions they're feeling? What are the problems they're experiencing?

All that good stuff right there. What if they tried that and fail that to really figure out and articulate exactly what they're feeling, thinking, and all that good stuff right there. We want to identify their current situation the same way they identify it in their head with the little voices.

Now, the next thing we want to do is clearly identify a desired situation. We want to know where they want to go. What is their goals?

What is that vision in their head that looks like a win for them? We want to identify that desired situation. Now, the reason we do this is because our ad needs to articulate this information.

So it's good that we have all this. And again, we're using customer research, Amazon reviews, competitor website reviews, competitor ads, competitor marketing, just looking at all that stuff. YouTube reviews, YouTube reviews of similar products, YouTube videos on that specific persona, Google, like all that good stuff right there to really identify their current situation and identify their desired situation.

Now, the next thing we did was we did develop the messaging. Okay. So there's three key things that we look at when we started developing the messaging for our first round of ads.

What is the main desire? So obviously like you go from current situation, desired situation, you need something to push you to that desired situation, situation. What is the main desire, the main motivator, the main why, why I want to accomplish this.

That's very important right there to understand. Okay. So you need to understand the main desire that people have, because once you achieve that, that's a big part of what makes people purchase.

And if you can carefully articulate that, then that's, you know, be a big thing. So for example, desire might be, you know, I might really want this specific jacket. It looks really good, but why do I specifically want it?

Is because I seen another guy wearing it and he gets a ton of compliments by girls. The main desire I have is the compliments on girls and the product is simply the vehicle that gets me that, that I have in my head. So like, that's just an example right there.

Okay. So the next thing is market awareness. Where do we want to pick up the conversation at?

Do we want to pick up the conversation talking about the problem? Do we want to pick up the conversation in the ad talking about the different solutions? Do we want to pick up the conversation to a completely unaware market who have no clue about that they even have this problem?

And how can we create this a problem in their life? Then the next level is market sophistication. Market sophistication is basically the vocabulary choice we use in ads.

So are we talking very sophisticated because people have done a lot of research already in this, so we can talk and use bigger words, or they're very unaware and very just like, like, you know, this product is freshly new to the market. We can use very simple words. So, um, the, basically the market sophistication is a very tough one, but just think about it, the vocabulary choice in ads.

Now, step four is create the ads. So we've identified the personas. We've gone through the bridge process for each persona, and then we develop the messaging.

Now we're going to create the ads. This is basically where our copywriters can start writing all the copy for body copy, start writing all the headlines for obviously to go with the body copy and in the onscreen text, that's me, the image slash video headlines. So, you know, if you see a big image with a big headline on the image, that's basically where, you know, copywriters are right.

So once the copywriter comes up with all this messaging, copy all that good stuff right there, then the visual creator takes all that and starts creating ads, you know, visuals or image videos, all that stuff like that. So that's basically the process we do to create ads. Then from there, what we do is our media buyer puts the ads testing.

I have a full video on how we test ads in Facebook, you know, 2022, go watch part six of how to run Facebook ads in 2022, where I literally break down our whole process of how we test ads. But yeah, it's very straightforward. ABO campaign, each ad sets a different ad concept.

And yeah, and we basically just run small budgets to it to figure out what works and what doesn't. We use the same audience on all of them. So that way we don't have any variables like bad variables in terms of, oh, we're using a different audience for this one.

So is it audience that I add, we use the same audience for all of it. Okay. So our media buyer puts the ads testing, he receives them from the visual creator and our copywriter media buyer puts those ads testing and then the team review.

So during our team review, we basically look at the ads over the last week. Um, then we put testing, why did this ad work? So we want to understand why the winning ads worked, but we also want to understand why didn't this ad work?

So for the losing ads, why didn't these ads work? Okay. Because that's very important.

Just as important as to understand why an ad worked, it's very important to understand why an ad did not work. Because if we can take both of those, um, like learnings and put them together, we can optimize how we're creating copy. We can optimize how we're creating visuals based off of those things to create more winning ads and have a higher strike rate with each creative test.

So, um, and the last one is what are the lessons from these ads? So maybe if we tried something new, we tried implementing something new, what are the lessons we learned from these ads that we can apply to future ad concepts as well? So once we do that team review, then we basically scale our winning ads and the way we scale our winning ads that we pull from creative testing, we have one campaign and we have one ad set.

And inside of that one ad set, we have all of our ads inside of it that have won and crit and testing, and we move it over to our campaign. And basically we just leave them all in here. And then we just turn off the ones that do not convert.

And yeah, that's simply it. We repeat this process weekly because I think that's the biggest thing right there is that this whole process of finding winning ads, testing new ads, creating new ads needs to be done on a weekly basis. Okay.

So the hardest part about this is the actual research side, the creation of the ad side, the messaging side, all of that stuff right there is what drives performance. You guys are looking at the testing side and you guys are looking at the scaling side as the thing that drives performance. No, it's the first five or six different steps we did before the scaling and the testing.

Those are the most important things right there. That's the things that's going to actually grow an account, not the way you structure it, not the way you scale your ads. That's why we keep things super simple.

We literally have two campaigns. We toss everything in there and that's it. But we have everything simple and easy to understand and easy for us to use in the account.

So guys, that's how we did $137,000 in 30 days. So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video.

Make sure you hit that subscribe button if you're new to the channel and turn on subscribe notifications. So that way when I upload a new video, you'll never miss a single one. All these videos at the end of the day are designed to help you in your business grow and hit your revenue goals, make you more money at the end of the day.

Hit that like button and drop a comment below of your favorite part of this video. Now, if you own a business and you're curious about how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals at profitability, then click link below to book a call with me and my team. We'll hop on a call together, learn a little bit more about your business.

And if we think you'd be a good fit, we'll do a strategy session together. And on that strategy session, we'll give you actionable tips and stuff like that to help you grow your business. And you can take that and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

And if we think you're a good fit to work with us. Now, with that being said, thanks again so much for tuning in. You should have a video somewhere up along the screen right here.

That'll take you to another video. I think you may enjoy. Thank you guys so much for watching.

Have a great rest of your day. I'll talk to you guys later. My name is Nick Theriault.

Peace out.