You can have the most amazing ads in the world and have one of the best products in your market. But if you have a terrible website, you will see the worst performing ads and ROI on your ads that you'll ever see. So today I want to talk to you guys about how to double your sales by improving your Shopify conversion rate in 2022.

I'll be going over 10 exact steps that you can take with examples that you need to apply. And at the least of these 10 apply to your product. It's worked for any industry that's selling online and really happy to showcase you these guys because it's really going to make a massive impact in your revenue with your business.

So with that being said, if you don't know who I am, my name is Nick Theriot. I run an e-com ads agency. I manage roughly around 750k to a million dollars a month on Facebook ad spend.

And yeah, I don't have anything to sell you guys. All I say is if you're you love what we do and everything like that, apply it to your business. And once you hit around 50 to 100k off in revenue, then click link below to what call me and my agency.

And we'll help you actually, you know, take over the ad side and sculpt your business. So everything I put on YouTube completely free, fully no, you know, pull the curtain back in that aspect right there. So that being said, let's dive into the video.

So how to double your Shopify sales with ConvertTrain Optimization 2022. Again, we give you guys 10 exact steps with examples that you guys seem to take. Now, first thing is why is conversion rate is important.

Okay. So for example, say your current scenario right now, you're seeing a one X return on your ad spend and you're like, Nick, I've tried a dozen different ads. Can't figure out how to improve for ROAS.

Okay, cool. Nothing wrong with that. So how do we know though, if you've done a lot with just ad side, have you tried ConvertTrain Optimization, haven't tried conversion optimization, then you could be missing out on a big pool of money.

So for example, we spent a hundred bucks, a hundred dollars, and we have a cost per click of a dollar. So that's going to send roughly, you know, a hundred people to our website. We have a 1% conversion rate.

So out of those a hundred people, one person will convert and we have an AOV of a hundred dollars. So we basically made one person that converted a hundred dollar AOV, that's a hundred dollars in revenue of a hundred dollars in spend. So one extra ROAS.

Okay. Now what if we only change the conversion rate? It's going to happen right there is now you're converting two people out of a hundred while maintaining everything else.

Now all of a sudden you're a two X ROAS. Okay. Cause now you're converting two people out of a hundred dollars.

So you're making $200 in revenue and a hundred dollars in spend. And then CBR 3%, basically the same thing. You're just converting three people now.

Okay. Typically we see on average for a brand with an average AOV of like 75, 80 bucks. You're looking for somewhere around like a three to 4% CBR for lower AOVs, anything like, you know, I don't know, let's say $30 to $50.

You want like a, you know, six, seven X CBR. One of our clients have like an 8X CVR on a $45 AOV. And then if you have anything over like $250, $300, you're going to look at something lower around a 0.75 to 1.5 X CBR.

So as you have a higher AOV, your CBR drops and that's totally okay. So you want to make it relative to what you have now. And then as your AOV drops down and goes lower, then you want to have a higher CBR because it's a less of an ask aspect right there.

So as promised, I have 10 key things that I'm going to show you guys that you need to be implementing. All 10 of these can be applied to your business and you need to apply all 10. This is like a must, the bare minimum you should be doing.

Okay. So now that you understand how important is for conversion rate optimization, let's look at a few different things. So I'm actually going to be using Rose Skin Co.

Um, their Lumi IPL hair removal set, um, for this particular video is they have a perfect demonstration of a really good landing page. Okay. So number one is site speed.

And I like to use GT metrics to measure site speed because it shows me at what key points the website is loaded. And at what of those key points right there, um, is actively in a, like people can actually see. So if people click on your ad and they just see a white screen for three to four seconds, they're going to think that it's not working in the exit out.

Okay. So that's a big thing. So just improving your site speed, it plays a big impact.

Now here's the key thing here, Woodrow skin code right here. They actually have a bad overall grade for their, their website. But when we look low or lower and see the speed visualization, we can see that.

Okay. And within the first two seconds, they're seeing a website. So what's taking it so long to load is these other key factors right here.

Okay. So like maybe other, uh, like for example, fully loaded time is 20 seconds. Cause after 20 seconds is when this pop-up shows up right here.

So you really want to make sure that in this speed visualization, the first two seconds, there's something people have to see. If you can at least do that, that's the biggest key takeaway from that. Okay.

Within the first two seconds, people see the product, people see the page because some of these tools, like for example, the Facebook pixel can make a site speed, have a bad grade, but people have a fully active website within the first two seconds. Okay. It doesn't slow the spike speed down.

It slows down the reporting tool right here to measure. That's all it does. So that's why I like to look at this speed visualization and make all of my adjustments based off of this.

Can people see a website within the first two seconds? Yes. Okay, cool.

That's fine. And then that's complete, you know, it'll also too. What's cool about GT metrics is that below GT metrics right here, below this like little screen, if you scroll down a little more, it gives you a full report of things that you need to do to improve that speed.

If that makes sense right there. So GT metrics, free tool, absolutely amazing. We love it.

And you can forward all that data to your developer to basically go ahead and edit the website and fix that. Next thing is product photos. You know, Rose can go did an absolutely amazing job, their product photos.

And I think a lot of people like this. They'll have like, for example, just this one photo right here and that's it. They actually have a variety of different photos.

A few photos, showing off the results, a few photos showing the product and use and a few photos are just kind of like, you know, like right here where it shows like the product and, you know, two wine glasses. It really just kind of like, I think you can say lifestyle, that aspect right there. So lifestyle photos, how to use photos, results photos, and then just closeups of the product as well.

So people can clearly understand what the product is. Number three, demo the product. So further down their landing page right here.

They actually have like kind of showing off the product and different use cases and stuff also showing off the before and after and everything like that. So just demonstrating the product, how it works and some of the benefits of the product itself in another way outside of just the main product photos. Number four, common questions.

A lot of people go wrong with this. If you see common questions in your inbox, see common questions on your Facebook ads and the comments and things like that, you need to answer it. I look at a lot of people's facts section and it's horrendous.

It's like, how long does shipping take? Is there a warranty? Like just the most basic ass facts that any business can put.

Okay. These are specifically tailored to what people think of first thing in their mind. When I first saw this product, I had these exact things in my mind.

Is it safe? Does it hurt? When I start seeing results, results permanent, where can I use my looming?

Okay. But why have I heard, or why have never heard of this before? That's something new right there.

Well, if it doesn't work for me, can you ship to my country? So it's very specific questions that focus on the questions that people immediately have in their mind. So this is, this is requiring a deeper understanding of consumer, your consumer specifically, and the mindset they have when they first land on your product page.

And again, you'll see this from your Facebook comments, your inbox, and any other maybe common questions and objections across your industry as well. Number five is warranty slash guarantee. There's a 90 day warranty.

I love that they have a 90 day warranty because if you offer a 30 gate warranty, sometimes it's actually against you because for example, this product might take longer than 30 days to see results. So they know that if they only offer a 30 day guarantee, a lot of people have a lot of pressure to immediately, you know, like, Hey, I want my money back on day 29. Whereas if they use it for 45 days, they actually are a lot more satisfied.

So that's why they give them a longer time period. If you're not offering a warranty or guarantee in 2022, like even for our ad services, we offer a 30 day guarantee on our first 30 days. If you know, you don't love it.

Cool. Here's your money back. We're good.

You need to be offering a guarantee, um, to even compete now in the markets. Next thing is shipping costs too high. So if your shipping costs is too high, that's a big thing.

That's an effect your conversion rate. So we recommend 20% or lower for shipping costs. They actually offer free shipping globally.

So like that's not even a, like a thing now for this brand. So they don't have to worry about that. But again, shipping costs, if you, if you have a higher than 20% of your product sale for shipping costs, it's a big problem.

Next thing is social proof and lack of trust. So if you have a lot of lack of trust in your website, a lack of social proof, that's a big thing. Rose can go does an absolute amazing job right here in a few different ways.

First off, they have some PR articles and stuff that was written by the brand. Um, and they'd be able to, you know, put those down. Secondly, they have some before and afters right here that shows off that shows off the social proof aspect of like people and actually working for people and showing them for an after right there.

It's providing proof the product works at the top of the page. You can see 109 customer reviews. And if you scroll down further down that page, you can actually see all the customer reviews and stuff like that.

So they're hitting the social proof side and being able to instill trust in our consumers in four different key ways. Um, it makes a big difference to our business. And then number nine is one pop-up.

I see so many of you guys with like 20 different pop-ups, you know, Oh, well, this person told me if I put this little thing on the side that shows off when people orders and improves conversion rate by 20%, then Nick told me that if I put one pop-up in the middle, that's an improve my email signups. And then this guy told me that if I add in the little, um, you know, the little like spin a wheel thing that improves. So then you end up looking like a scam on your website.

Cause you have so many different pop-ups. It looks very, very scammy. So you need to figure out what pop-up works for you, provides the biggest impact for you and stick to one.

Me personally, I'm a big fan of just one email pop-up and that's it. That's all I use on all my websites. Number 10 is color scheme.

Okay. So you can understand that this whole product page, everything like, you know, just by showing you the screenshots that took from it is that everything is on brand and people love that. And the second thing that people love is that they love that it's tailored to them.

Like clearly we know the ideal audience from here. Okay. It's very feminine.

It's very easy to read this whole thing as well. So I've seen, I've, look, I've ordered some crazy stores. Okay.

In my past. And I've seen some most craziest designs that are so work or extravagant that it's so hard to read. You can clearly read everything on this product page.

It's very easy to read everything. So that's super important. Pick you, um, three colors, three colors is the magic number.

I think it is. You can see they have like a light pink right here. Then they have this darker pink right here for some headlines bar up here, and then they have black for the text and that's it.

So three key colors and yeah. And I want to give you guys a little tip and a little tool as well. Um, I use this tool called cool colors.co and it randomly generates you different color schemes as well.

So if you're someone that's going in like redoing your color scheme and everything like that, highly recommend this tool. Um, not sponsor anything like that. I'm going to just show you guys a free tool that works really well for us.

And yeah, so guys, I really hope this video helped y'all. Um, again, these are 10 things that you have to be doing. Like this is not a, Oh suggestion.

This is like a must. All right. If you're not doing these 10 things, you're definitely seeing, you're definitely leaving money on the table and you're definitely probably overworking yourself because it's a lot easier to improve your conversion rate.

See your bigger lift in performance sometimes than just improving your ads and that aspect right there. So, um, hope this video helped you guys out. And again, if you run a business and you're doing at least 50 K to a hundred K a month in revenue, help multiple brands, five, 10 X, 15 X, their daily ad spend profitably on Facebook.

And we'd love to help you do the same. So again, we run an e-comp growth agency, click link below. It's a book call with me and my team off on a call together.

We'll audit your brand and we'll see if we're a good fit. If you're not a good fit, well, quite frankly, we'll just tell you, Hey, we don't think you're a good fit at all to work with us. Um, if we think you're a good fit, then, you know, we'll have the opportunity to work together if we choose.

So again, click the link below to do that. And if you enjoyed this video, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Again, my name is Nick Theriot.

Hope you guys had a great day. Thank you again for watching and talk soon.