Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today I want to talk about audience research and give you guys some value and things like that of what you can do to improve your audience research and really kind of make it clear of what you need to be doing during audience research. So that being said, before we get started, make sure that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into the video guys. So for one of our clients, it was back when I was first getting started, you know, kind of sitting down, running their ads and everything like that. And you know, it was, I think we were doing roughly like $21,000 a month, like nothing crazy or anything like that.

I think fact 30k and most essentially. And they had a bestselling product and I was really trying to just figure out, okay, Nick, how can we take this to the next level? What am I not seeing here?

And I realized that, you know, all of the ads we were kind of just creating, we'll just throw in some random copy down and boom and create an ad. And it's like, how are we effectively talking to these consumers? How do they want to be talked to?

What's, you know, what's some other angles of way we can promote this product? You know, like we're promoting it with this one way, but is there any other ways we can promote this product? So I kind of sat down and I was like, well, how do I figure this out?

It's like, wait, I need to do audience research. How did I do that? Do any audience research for this particular brands?

Like, no, I was like, damn, I'm falling bad. And again, this is early in my e-com career, probably, you know, two years ago, specifically when I sat down and had this conversation and actually did this. So I went down, started digging deeper into my audience demographic and everything like that.

I, you know, really understanding who my persona was. If you do not know your persona, you're missing out on a ton of money. So I really got deep to know my persona.

I pushed off ads manager to the side. I pushed creating creators off to the side. I just sat down and really try to put myself in the place of my persona.

Okay. Really try to understand how they feel, how they make decisions. You know, what's their day-to-day thoughts?

What's their goals? What's their desires? You know, what's their roadblocks that's preventing them from getting there?

What's holding them back? What's their setbacks? What's their frustrations?

What do they love? What do they do? And things like that really got crystal clear on my persona.

And then I went ahead and just used a simple Google sheet or, you know, you can use something like a notepad right here, Google doc, stuff like that. Just typed up all the notes I find. Okay.

Really got clear of who they were and how they exactly, you know, what I just said and went ahead, found some new angles for the product. Immediately tested a new specific angle right there with that new copy and everything like that. And well, we did, I think roughly $4 million or $3 million in revenue over the next 18 months for that specific brand due to that specific ad right there that I created.

So yeah, that's the power of audience research. Again, everyone 30 K a month, a million dollars in revenue a year is I think 88 K a month. So if we're doing $3 million in 18 months after that, you can do the math right there.

You know, it did a few hundred K a month essentially. So that's the power of audience research. And I think the, the mistaken and shocking thing is that, you know, if you go sit down and try to write some ad copy for a client or a brand or something like that right now, and you're not crystal clear on the audience research, it's going to be significantly harder to create creatives to be significantly harder to create ad copy.

If you're not doing audience research, and it's also something you should be doing on a like a weekly, maybe even daily basis. It's not something like, because I made the mistake after sitting down and doing that, I made the mistake of not doing that for a while. And our ad creative showed it because we weren't really speaking to our customer demographic again, you know, we start kind of going back to the other route.

So it's important to be doing this on a frequent enough basis when you're creating the ads, creating a copy and stuff like that. And then also too, it's very important to be storing all of this data that you're finding in a Google sheet. We recommend a Google sheet.

So we'll basically identify our personas and I'll release this Google sheet in another video, but I really just want to stress the importance in this specific video of, you know, that specific Google sheet right there. So what we did is Google sheets and you, I didn't first just list off your personas. Okay.

Um, women 30 plus who are looking to give a great gift. That's the core persona for this specific brand. And look, to be honest, you're only going to have one to three personas for your brand, your main personas, the people that make up 80% of your, your yearly revenue.

That's that's right there. So for this specific brand, women 30 plus USA Southern, uh, they're more on the conservative side. Um, when it comes to the political side, they, um, they're buying gifts for their husbands, for their friends, I say husbands, a husband, friends, um, family members, kids, they're buying gifts.

So they're, they're a gift giving persona essentially. So then we, that we kind of list all that down. Now, what is their goals, desires, vision?

Now I'm not, I'm not sitting in here and trying to see, Oh yeah, that's Tammy. She wants to make, you know, a hundred K a year. She, she wants to, you know, um, I don't know.

She wants to be an oil film engineer. No, I'm not talking about those goals, desires, and visions. The goals, desires, and visions I'm looking at is, okay, what is she currently looking for right now?

She's a gift giving persona. So what is her current goal right now? Her goal is to give a great gift.

That's it. That's her number one goal right now. It's, you know, her husband, Todd's birthday or husband, or it's father's day coming up and Todd, her husband, uh, she needs to start shopping for gifts.

So she's a woman 30 plus gift giving mindset persona to shop for a gift for her husband, Todd. She wants to give a great gift. She wants to really give a gift that when she gives him that gift, his face lights up with expression, like, Oh my God, where did you find this?

You know, really shocked when he sees that gift and how, how cool it is and how unique and how something that she never, like he's never been given before. Okay. She really wants to show him.

He loves him by giving him something unique and personalized that, you know, it's, it's very, it's not like she just went out there and got him a Lowe's gift card. She got him something that really spoke to his interest and his personality and that only she would know of that because of how much she loves him, how close she is to him. Okay.

That's her goals. That's her desires. That's her vision that she, that's the mental picture she's putting inside of her, her frame of mind right there.

So now that you start to understand that, like, Ooh, okay. Now we're crystal clear picture of, of Tammy. Okay.

Um, I know what she loves to do, you know, Tammy, um, she's more of a, uh, she's state, not necessarily stay at home mom, but she works a standard nine to five job, but she's the caregiver in the family. You know, she cooks every night, things like that. So, you know, very Southern, you know, really digging deep into that.

She probably roughly makes 50 to a hundred K a year and that perspective right there. Um, and then also too, she also probably lives in a house versus maybe an apartment or anything like that. So that's also something too.

Now, again, why does that matter? Is that one, it's our product kind of ties into that perspective right there. And two, it just kind of really goes down to more of like how much you're making and also to the scenes and stuff that we may need to be, um, articulating that particular creative right there.

So that's the first thing is just really digging deep of who that persona is, what's their goals, visions, desires, things like that. Now, what is their setbacks? What is their roadblocks?

Where's their challenges right now? So again, we know what their goal is. We want to give, they give this amazing gift.

We kind of clearly shown that vision of what that gift giving experience is, everything like that, what she's trying to accomplish. Okay. Now what's preventing her from doing that?

So that's her desires, but what's preventing her from doing that again, take your product, remove your product out of it. Okay. We're not focused about your product right now.

We're just crystal clear of what she wants to give. And again, I haven't even showed y'all that I've even told y'all what the product is yet. So we're just clearly articulating the feelings and stuff that she wants to feel the desires, the visions, everything like that.

Now we need a clear, articulate what's going through her mind. That's preventing her from getting there. Okay.

So first thing with gift giving, we all know it. It's just, it's, it's hard to figure out what someone wants. Okay.

So we really want to kind of, we don't really want to kind of diagnose that right there and a gift giving perspective, because that's, that's one of our roadblocks. It's hard to find that unique gift. It's hard to find, you know, none of the stores currently right now have that I work 40 hours a week.

I'm the caregiver. I'm struggling to find the time to go out and find this unique gift and things like that. I want to give to my husband, not since right there.

So how do you know, now you start to write down those roadblocks, those challenges, those frustrations, the frustration of, Oh, a lot of these companies online on Facebook scam you, things like that. Like, look, don't get me wrong in older demographic. That is a very common objection right there.

So that's why we show trust and credibility by showing off the product, showing off behind the scenes, showing off the warehouse, everything like that to really showcase people. That's a real brand. So now that you know, the challenges, the roadblocks and the problems that she's currently facing now, we just simply position our product in there.

Okay. So for us, this was father's day back of 2020. Did roughly a hundred, 200 K within like three, four or five days for this particular brand, it's a metal, a metal signs brand.

And the product was a barbecue sign, custom barbecue sign. And guess what? We spoke to those desires and we spoke to those problems and objections that that particular demographic Tammy was facing and how we can help her.

Here's a really great product. It's perfect for the grill lover, your husband, who's the grill lover. So we're speaking to a specific interest and stuff like that, that, you know, we can position the product for her because she wants to give something unique and custom to only him.

And yeah. And we covered those desires, those visions. We showcased the gifting experience, how amazing, like he, you know, he had someone react to it, like all that fun stuff right there.

So that's what happens when you do true D, you know, really dig deep into that audience research right there. Now I know it kind of went on a tangent here. I missed a few things, but the biggest thing is, is keep a good Google sheet or a Google doc, document all this, identify your personas, go find pictures of people that in your mind, you think fit your persona.

So we went find a 30 year old USA conservative Southern woman to fit this specific persona. And we slapped it on a Google sheets. Now when we write all our ad copy, create all of our creatives, we look at that picture and really keep her in mind when we creating all this, because that's who we need to appeal to in that perspective right there.

So you got to make sure that you put that down as well. So really hope you guys enjoyed this video. I hope it's really dug deep into kind of like some stuff you might be experiencing right now, but yeah, again, do this frequently really dig deep, keep doing audience research and stimulate a lot of new ideas and creative ideas that you can utilize for your clients or yourself or your brand yourself.

So I thank you guys so much for watching. If you're an econ business owner doing at least 50 KM up in revenue, then make sure you click the link below to book call for me and my team. We'll hop on a call at you, put together a strategy for your business, help you scale your business.

We've done multiple, over $10 million in online revenue for our clients. So, you know, our results speak for themselves, not since right there. So we'll book call for me, my team, push strategy together for you, you have the option to run with it, or you have the option to work with us.

If you choose doing less than 50 KM up, stay subscribed to the channel because this channel is designed to make you more money and designed to help your business grow to the point where we can work together at one point down the line. So thank you guys so much for watching. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.