Hey, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and over the next 14 days, I'm going to show you the exact systems and processes we've used to generate over $20 million in online sales with Facebook ads.

We're going to go over how to craft a winning offer, how to build high converting Facebook ads, and how to scale Facebook ads to hit your revenue goals with inside your business. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriault and I've generated over $20 million online utilizing Facebook ads. We are a Facebook ads agency and we only work with clients.

So the 20 million does come from client revenue and we work with clients across e-com, app installs, and lead generation. We're also a Facebook accredited agency through their Facebook partner program. And we have spent over four and a half million dollars just in the last six months.

These systems and strategies I'm going to show you are the exact systems and strategies we use for an account spending $100 a day, all the way to an account spending $15,000 a day. So buckle up and get ready because over the next 14 days, I'll be pulling everything back and showing you step-by-step what we do and how you can implement this into your business. And at any time you're curious of how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals, click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll do a free strategy session together and we'll go ahead and give you that strategy to where you can either take it and run with it or you have the option to work with us if we think you're a good fit. That's the right there. So buckle up and let's get started.

How to run Facebook ads 2022 part five ads holding container. Now I know you're probably like, whoa, what is going on here? What the fuck is that?

Look guys, welcome to officially phase two of this series. We'll be diving into the ad account and actually setting up the ad account for the first time. So let me show you guys everything, exactly how I set up my ad account.

And I'm actually going to be showing you guys a really cool kind of case study too, as well. So you actually kind of see how we were able to drive results by simply using this one specific type of ad account structure. So we did $137,000 in 30 days.

You can see right here, $137,000 in sales, the $38,000 of net profit. And that's after your college shipping, all that good stuff right there. And we did about 2.58 ROAS overall, which we'll touch on in a second as well.

So just wanted to show you guys this really quick. And this brand also is heavily reliant on renewals and like subscriptions and stuff like that. So you'll see right here, our actual ad account itself.

We only use these three campaigns, ads holding container, creative testing, and prospecting. These three campaigns are going to be the campaigns that I'm going to show you in these last three parts of the series, exactly how to set up, how we run it, how we manage it, all that good stuff right there. Obviously, you'll see the ROAS a bit lower on this side.

And that's just because again, it's a subscription product. So the first purchase we're banking just to make a little bit, if much, was actually like Facebook ads reported ROAS is slightly higher than that. And then we're banking on those subscriptions, which overall get to make us the most money in the accounts.

So, and this is also too, just to show you guys where we took this account from. So we actually came on board around September of 2021. And, you know, since then, this is July or June of 2000 and 2022, that we showed off at $135,000.

This is showing off where we came from. We started this account with $16,000 and then we've scaled it all the way up to $135,000 per month. And the time I'm filming, this is actually July and we're projected to do somewhere around $240,000 this month.

So scaling really hard. And I'm really excited to show you guys exactly how we're doing it and literally give you guys step-by-step the exact ad account structure that we use. So first thing I want to touch on is only a 2.5 ROAS, Nick.

Really? What the fuck? Completely understand.

Completely agree with you. So I want to touch on this. ROAS is different for everyone.

And if you go back and watch the last video, I literally show you step-by-step of figuring out exactly the ROAS unique to make money in your business. Everyone will be different. I've talked to people before that needed a 1.3 or 1.5 ROAS to make money.

I've seen, I've talked to people that need a 4X or better to make money in their business. So it's going to be dependent on everyone. It's going to be different from everyone.

So if you sit down and be like, oh, I need a 3X ROAS without doing the math, then you are sabotaging yourself. And that's that perspective. You need to do the math.

You need to figure out specifically what ROAS you need to start making money at. And then from there, you can start to determine different goals and where you feel comfortable at in your business. Okay.

Again, profit goals are also different for everyone. So for example, this store, I think they need a 1.5X breakeven ROAS. They're getting a 2.5.

We could easily scale down, sacrifice a bit of revenue for a higher ROAS. They might make a little bit more profit, but they're sacrificing customer acquisition. And the goal of this brand is that we want to focus heavy on customer acquisition right now to basically have a long, because we know these people are staying with us for a longer term for the LTV side.

So again, brands will go through periods of time where people want to accept these lower profits to go harder on customer acquisition. Usually this is about Q2 and Q3. And the reason why you want to go hard on customer acquisition in Q2 and Q3 is because going into Q4, Q4 is a time where you want to focus heavily on maximizing revenue from existing customers.

So if your business is not set up to have new customers repeat purchase from you, then you just need to focus on profitable on day one. If you have a business that has been proven that you make substantially more money after the first purchase, then you can focus on something like this. Again, it depends on your business.

It depends the nature of the business. And there's a lot of things that goes on. Some of our clients were profitable day one.

Other half of our clients were profitable on day two. It just depends on the business. It just depends on the client goals.

And, you know, we, we assess that situation differently with every client. Now, what affects ROAS? This is something else I want to touch on too.

So all you guys like, Oh, well, Nick, how do I get a better ROAS? Okay. This is from the highest impact to the lowest impact, lowest impacting meaning it really won't fucking change your ROAS highest impact.

You do this, it can substantially change the trajectory of your business from now to ongoing. Okay. So the highest impact thing you can do to maximize your ROAS is just a better offer.

Look at your offer right now. Go back to video number one, right? Talk about offer from that perspective right there.

Hey, you know, this is how you create a really good offer, create a really good offer. And from there, okay, cool. You have a good offer is your site conversion rate there.

You know, we've worked with a client before where I'm getting like a 0.2% conversion rate. So we, we push them to get a better conversion rate. So, you know, got to like, you know, agency and everything like that, that's going in and redesigning your website and all that stuff right there because you can have a really amazing offer, but if people can't fucking purchase your product, guess what?

You're going to have a poor conversion rate. You have a poor conversion rate. You have a poor ROAS on your ads and you're going to be sitting there thinking that your ads when it's just your site conversion rate needs to be fixed.

Okay. The standard in e-com is 2%. Ideally, we want to shoot for about three to 4%.

I've had brands even as high as like six and 7% as well. Again, it's going to go by price point. It's going to go by how good the offer is.

It's going to go, how good the conversion rate is. There's a lot of different things like that. So look into CRO conversion rate optimization to take a look.

You can watch the video I did with Nick Reed from 253 media. I literally have a video talking about different things you can do to improve your site conversion rate net perspective right there. Now, the next thing is your ad messaging.

You can have some amazing creatives, but if your messaging is off, you will have a poor ROAS because the messaging is what drives people and communicates how your brand helps them. It communicates why they need this product. And the visuals is simply just articulating that message in a visual format that's pleasing to the eye and it grabs people's attention.

So the messaging trumps the visuals, then the visuals trumps the ad account structure. A lot of you guys are sitting down like, oh, Nick, I can do a 3X ROAS with an ABO campaign and a 2.5X ROAS with a CBO. I need to do CBO or I need to do ABO.

Does it really matter if I exclude 60 day engagement or, or, you know, 30 day purchases? Reality is that's such a fucking low like impact item you could do. It drives me crazy because it's such a low magnitude of what you can do to really magnify the performance in your business.

So you really need to focus on this. If you're not hitting your ROAS, you need to go through this checklist and you really need to figure out, okay, cool. From highest impact to lowest impact, what could I do to increase performance drastically?

Okay. You can have a dog shit creative with, and then spend a couple thousand dollars on the most amazing landing page, a couple thousand dollars on the best ad messaging, a couple thousand dollars on the best visuals. You can go copy my ad account structure that I've used to personally generate over $20 million in revenue for clients at profits, but yet your offer sucks.

And that is why you're getting dog shit performance. Okay. So you have to make sure these all fall in line to hit those goals in your business.

And the reason why I'm being hard on you guys right now is because a lot of you guys are not listening to this. You're, you skip past video one, you skip past video two, skip past video three, just waiting for this ad account structure thinking that's going to be the magic thing that's going to transform your business. But in fact, it's down this list right here.

So you need to make sure you're taking this seriously because you've been waiting for video. That's number five, which is the ad account structure, which I'm going to cover in these three videos, next videos. But the reality is you haven't taken action on one through four, and that is what's going to change the trajectory of your business from the, from the perspective that you want.

So with that being said, let's move forward. Cause I can, I can go on a really big tangent on this right here. So before getting started, this is some basic shit right here that I'm gonna have another video, how to run Facebook ads in 2022 for beginners where I literally go and set up a campaign completely from scratch.

But you guys, you guys know all this because I know my target audience, my target audience is already spending a hundred dollars today on Facebook ads at least. And I've talked to multiple people already that's spending a couple of thousand dollars today on Facebook ads. You guys already know how to go in and make sure you conversion API is set up with Shopify and ads manager.

You probably already have server side tracking is enabled. You have to dozens of calls and no one hasn't had this set up, but I just want to give a quick reminder for anyone who, you know, maybe is kind of new to the channel or watching this video for the first time in that perspective. Okay.

So you need to make sure this is all taken care of. Um, there's thousands of videos on YouTube, how to get all this done correctly. Um, the Shopify, you go to Shopify, Facebook channel, make sure conversion API is set up, make sure maximum tracking or enhanced tracking.

I don't know what it's called, but is, is enabled to get server side tracking. Make sure your, your domain is verified, the business manager, and then make sure that purchase events is being prioritized inside of the, um, you know, the events manager and all that good stuff right there. Now, campaign number one.

So again, we went through and showed you the three campaigns. We went over the highest impact actions. We went over a few things that you guys need to do before getting started.

So let's dive into first campaign. You need to set up in your ad account. Okay.

This is called the ads holding container. Now the TS record, um, resembles my agency initials, Ontario solutions. Um, you can use your own initials or if you want to copy my initials, just so you can see which campaigns I helped you create versus which campaigns you did.

But yeah, so TS ads on container, this is our ads holding container. Now, what is an ads holding container? It's literally a campaign that will never be turned on.

It will always stay ad sets off. Okay. Always.

Now it's basically just an organizational folder for ads. That is it. It's a simple organizational folder.

So we can keep all of the ads in there and we can keep track of ads, um, of like all the ads that we created. Okay. We use this a lot.

We'll create an ad in there and we'll send it off to a client for approval before we, we put in our main campaigns, actually launch and go live with it. It's a simple conversions campaign. Just literally go create a new campaign conversions objective.

I'm not like, it doesn't matter if you do CBO on or CBO off. I personally prefer ABO on this specific, uh, this specific campaign because again, it's never going to be turned on. So I'm literally gonna have like a budget of a dollar.

And if I set up a dollar budget on a CBO, every time I create a new ad set, it's going to make me raise that budget. So I just create a $2 budget on the, on the ABO side. And every time I duplicate that ad set, I never have to worry about it.

Again, budget does not fucking matter at all because we're never turning this ad, this campaign on specifically. So ad sets. Okay.

Each ad set will be labeled with a month plus year, April, 2022 ads, December, 2021 ads, July, 2022 ads. It's very simple. And you can see, inside of here, these are all the ads.

Like we've been running these ads since September, 2021. And you can see every single month, we have all of the ads we create. If there's account inside of here, okay.

Budget. You literally can put just like $2 a day, dollar a day, $5 a day. Again, it doesn't matter.

I personally put a low budget because if my, you know, one of my team members or me accidentally click turn, like turn it on or something like that. I don't want to blow a bunch of money. Okay.

You know, if we had like a $10 a day budget, Oh, it doesn't matter. Boom. Then put it $10 a day budget.

And so my asking turns it on. Then you could check three hours later. You spent like $3,400.

Not good. So very simple. And I don't think I need to say this, but each ad set, you create a new ad set for each month.

Pretty self-explanatory. Okay. Now the ad set sets up.

How's this set up? Okay, cool. Ad set name, April, 2022 ads, a website purchase.

If you're doing leads, then you're going to do leads. If you're doing, you know, video view campaigns, whatever, like purchase conversions. I start off with from day one, and that's going to go a little bit further into that later.

And then make sure you pixel select it, all that good stuff for target audience. It doesn't matter because again, this campaign will never run ever. So you literally have to do nothing when it comes down to this.

And I just leave all my placements on. So very simple. Now at the ad set level, on the ad set level, every ad we create, you can see right here, these are all the ads.

We create an ad and you'll see each ad we create, we have a three digit or a two, a two digit unique identifier. That's just the client's initial. So this would be like your store's initials, whatever yours, you know, tear tear solution.

So TS001. First time I created an ad, TS002, or you know, this one we're on 21, 22, 23. I make sure I put a zero, an extra zero, like 025, 024, 023.

Because just like if I do one, two, three, four, five, six, 79, 10, it's when I click on like sort the ads by name, Facebook doesn't properly recognize that. And it'll put like one next to 11 and two by 12. It's just, it's weird.

So just put the three zeros and then, you know, 001, 002. Then eventually gives a point where it's like 020, 021. So, and I'm gonna get to that in a second.

Okay. Now naming. Okay.

Naming is a big one right here. So I want to show you guys exactly how we set up our naming. We, we've tried thousands of different naming structures and stuff like that.

Um, I want something fast. I want something easy. I want something that I don't have to spend a lot of time on and I can still use it for the single purpose of, I want to be able to search a specific thing in the columns and Facebook.

And I want to be able to pull all those ads up related to that. So if I search BG 026, I'll see all the campaigns that campaign that ad ran in. And I can see easily quick, like view of data for that particular app.

So dim initials plus ad number. So whatever your initials are plus ad number. So is there zero one, if it's your first ad, zero zero 20, if it's your 20th ad, okay, creative type.

So if it's an image, it's in a video, it's in a carousel. And that's basically it. I just do image video, uh, image video carousel.

Um, there's also some of those other placements like, you know, story. You also have, uh, what'd you call it like collection. So that's some other ones as well.

And then you have first line of ad copy. So I literally just copy and paste the very first line of ad copy from that. That's it.

You know, some people like to include their headlines. Some people like include all this shit. I'm just like, I just want simple, simple scales.

Okay. Now I'm gonna show you guys some other things too. So this is some other, like naming variety.

So again, your unique identifier plus your number image, but I may add in another, um, set of like string of words, which is the product itself. So for those people with multiple different products, um, this becomes important because then it's just for an organizational purpose. So like, say for example, like one of our stores, we sell an infinity sign, custom metal infinity sign.

So I'm gonna put image. I'm gonna put the infinity because that's the product we're selling. And then first line of copy here.

Um, this is an example where like, if you're selling like, you know, let's say for example, you're selling, you know, jeans, t-shirts, things like that for men, then I'll just put like jeans. Cool. Now let's say for example, if I'm selling jeans, t-shirts, jackets, but I also have opposite sex.

So I have a women's side of the business. I have a men's side of the business. Then I might include like women's jeans.

So you can do a specific product name. You can do a product collection, or you can do, um, you know, like kind of a purse, a gender plus collection name as well. So just a few different things to add in a product name and then your first line of copy.

So it's just adding in another string of words, uh, for our one product stores, it doesn't really matter unless you plan on expanding. So it just kind of depends in that perspective now management. So every time we create a new ad, we go to the next number 25, 26, 27, you know, this is pretty self-explanatory right here.

You know, I created ad 20, boom. Then when I want to create the next ad, I call it 21. I'm going to create the next ad, 22, next ad, 23.

I mean, it's only one, it's pretty simple, simple, pretty, you know, self-explanatory. Okay. And then if we end at the end of the month on like, say for example, this month of July, if we end that number 30, then we'll start the first ad in the following month at 31.

So like in August, our very first ad we create in August will be BG zero 31. So in that perspective, so it's not like you start over like BG zero zero one in August, cause then you have BG zero zero one in August and you have BG zero zero one in July, but instead you're gonna have BG zero 30 at the end of July, then August will start off at BG zero 31. Okay.

And then, yeah. And then the unique identifiers allows us to track performance based upon a specific ad across the account. And I'm going to show you what I mean by that in a little bit.

And then also too, I'm sure I'm going to get this question. Nick have multiple products. Do I create multiple ads holding containers?

That is a big, no, you literally have one ads holding container, one ad set per month, and then all the ads that month. Um, another thing is, okay, Nick, what happens if I, cause you have a 50 ad limit per ad set. Um, what happens if I cross over that 50 ad limit?

Do I just start deleting ads? What I do there? Um, and that perspective right there, what I'm going to do is, is I'm going to go ahead and I'm just going to create like dash two.

So like here, right here, you can see May 2022 ads, then May 2022 ads dash two. That's basically means we had over 50 ads. So we had to do put 51 plus in here as well.

And if you have dash three, depending on how many ads you create, that's nothing wrong with that at all. So yeah. And that's pretty much it.

Um, the next video we're gonna be diving into the creative testing campaign. So again, we got the ads holding standard done next campaign, next video, we're going to do creative testing, exactly how we set up the creative testing campaign, everything that goes into it. Um, I'm gonna show you all that cool stuff right there.

Also, you know, how to organize ad sets by concepts, uh, why I don't use LA's or interest groups. I literally just do broad targeting dive into that in a second. And then also to just how to manage the campaign overall.

So, um, be looking forward to putting that video out very soon. It should be in about a day or two days. Um, depending on when you're watching this video, if it's months from now, like it's already up right now, just find the link on the screen or something like that.

But, um, yeah, guys, I can't trust the importance of this ad holding container and just getting a solid foundation of how you organizing everything. Cause if you organizing everything properly, it's going to make it a lot easier to scale. So it's very important.

You take this seriously and just have a really good solid foundation. Again, we're building that solid foundation so we can get that prospecting campaign, which is kind of like our main campaign we spent all of our money into. So thank you guys so much for watching today's video.

Make sure you hit that subscribe button. If you're new to the channel and turn on subscribe notifications. So that way, when I upload a new video, you'll never miss a single one.

All these videos at the end of the day are designed to help you in your business grow and hit your revenue goals, make you more money at the end of the day, hit that like button and drop a comment below of your favorite part of this video. Now, if you own a business and you're curious about how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals at profitability, then click link below to book a call with me and my team. We'll hop on a call together, learn a little bit more about your business.

And if we think you'd be a good fit, we'll do a strategy session together. And on that strategy session, we'll give you actionable tips and stuff like that to help you grow your business. And you can take that and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

And if we think you're a good fit to work with us. Now, with that being said, thanks again so much for tuning in. You should have a video somewhere up along the screen right here.

That'll take you to another video. I think you may enjoy. Thank you guys so much for watching.

Have a great rest of your day. I'll talk to you guys later. My name is Nick Theriault.

Peace out.