Hey, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I have two really awesome e-com founders. They've been kind of following me for a while now. They took my advice or some of the advice I put on my YouTube channel and between their knowledge, some of the stuff I've sent over to them, they've been able to scale their e-com brand from literally like zero to doing well past multiple six figures per month.

This is a really awesome kind of interview slash podcast I did with Cole and Chad, founders of Solospans. So definitely stick tuned and sit back, relax, and enjoy this because this is a really awesome interview. And I think a lot of people can learn a few things from this podcast.

There's lots of little golden nuggets drip throughout it. So let's hop into it guys. Well, let's start off.

We got Cole here, Cole and Chad. Let's start off by just introducing ourselves. What do y'all have going on?

So we basically just did an e-com in general. We actually have multiple brands. We'll mostly talk about Solus because that's where we've had the most success.

But yeah, I mean, we're childhood friends, went to college together. I ended up getting an e-com, kind of just got him out of his job and joined the team. And we have like completely different skill sets and completely different like interests.

So it kind of works out. I do more of like the marketing and that brand growth side. He does more like the back end with our warehouse and the inventory ordering and all that.

You know, I really like that you said that because that's definitely something I want to dive into a little bit later about the partners as I find so many people, I've even been in the place where I've kind of hired the wrong partner and it's truly a marriage. Like it's, you got to compliment each other for it to work well. So that's really cool.

Tell us a little bit about your main brand, Solus. Where has that taken you guys? So I started Solus last April and Chad was kind of involved with it a little bit, but it was kind of just to get his toes wet and knee calm.

Very long scale. I was still working a full-time job at Aldi at the time. And then pretty much it was just a drop shipping store and we were doing pretty decent.

And then I was basically just offering it like, Hey, you know, it's probably pretty tough trying to work on this stuff after work every day. We actually started a different drop shipping store at the time too, that was doing well. So we knew we had like two stores bringing in money.

So I was basically just like, if you want to quit your job, I'm sure we could make it work. He quit around like June, June 3rd, June 3rd. So wait, so that was like, what, probably like a month into it, two, three months into it.

Yeah. So we, we were clearing enough money every month that like my oldie salary that I had, we were making more than it that we could have pulled out. So I was like, all right, financially it makes sense.

I have a couple months of salary saved up just in case anything happens. I was like, we'll bet on ourselves and we'll go for it. So I wanted to put in my two weeks on my birthday, which was May 24th.

So I missed it by like a week and a half, but still set the goal. So we got it done. And then I quit June 3rd, which was nice.

And then kind of been full of esteem since then. I'm curious what, so Cole basically calls you up. Hey, I got this e-com thing going on.

You should, you should check it out. What were you doing before that? So, so before it, so we both graduated from Penn State.

We both had corporate innovation, entrepreneurship majors. And he went the route of, you know, finding something for himself. Working on e-com was like one of the things he found obviously, but for me, I went more of the corporate route.

I found a job at Aldi, it was the grocery store chain. So I was a district manager for them. And three of their stores.

So very operations mindset, running with a team, learning how to manage and make people operate to the best of their skills. So kind of the complete opposite of what, you know, Cole was doing with the ads and everything like that. And he hates doing like that type of stuff that just wastes time for him.

So it kind of worked out in both of our best interests, like, cause that's the stuff that I enjoy. And he enjoys being creative and, you know, figuring out what customers want, picking people's brains apart. So I went like the typical drop shipping, like starter route and like I was bouncing around on some stores.

So he had like known that I had been doing this, but it wasn't really until like the solo store that I guess he saw like how much was actually like how much potential was actually there. Yeah. So whenever he kind of became like a small partner on that and saw the financials, he was like, Oh, yeah.

And I was at this point, like you had no inventory or anything like that. You're just purely drop shipping at that side. Yeah.

Yeah. Essentially. I was going to work every day.

I would probably work 10 to 12 hours each day, come home at like dinner time, work from like six to 10 on like customer service, stuff like that. That was my main duty was customer service and be like, Oh, that type of back end stuff. It wasn't fun, obviously, but to me, customer service is horrible.

But thankfully we don't have to do that anymore. We have to pay for it. But yeah, I mean, it was definitely a grind and happy.

Happy we did it. Yeah. I'm sure like you're not doing customer service anymore either.

No, we have two VAs that handle that for us now. Yeah, that's something we can dive into as well. I find that there's so many e-com brands that put off outsourcing customer service for so long.

Like I've met a guy that was doing three, 400K a month with his e-com store drop shipping, and he was still doing all of his customer service. Like he was working 10 hours a day. I'm like, dude, you're profiting six figures a month and you're still doing customer services.

There's better use for your time, essentially. So what was that for you guys? It was pretty much as soon as I came on full time.

I feel like right after that, we hired a VA. She ended up being pretty good. Her English was great, but we think that she got a second job while she was working with us.

In the meantime, I hired a second VA. So they were both working together and we ended up firing the first one just because she was not, you know, doing what she needed to do. She wasn't keeping up with the volume of customers that we had.

So we ended up hiring the other one on full time because she was just part time before, but that was, I think July. We started with the VA. Yeah, it was probably around July.

And we got two so quick because all summer we still ran two brands. So we had one for each of them. Yeah.

Gotcha. And then we sold off part of our other brand, which is kind of a different story. I would say it's probably not worth going into too much.

Yeah. But then we just put both VAs on the main brand. Nice.

So, yeah, this is interesting. So, Cole, I find you kind of more of like the entrepreneurial route and stuff like that. You seem a little bit more like you've kind of been an entrepreneur space a little bit longer than Chad.

Chad, you definitely seem like you have the logistics side, everything like fine tune. And I can definitely sell a difference in between the way you talk about logistics and Cole. So I know you know your shit.

Yeah, that's kind of what we do is like he knows everything there is to know about ads and everything like that creatives. And I know everything there is about the logistics, but we never really cross paths and tell each other too much about it because it's just a waste of time. Yeah, that's very beautiful right there because, yeah, like I tell people like all the time, like when you're finding a partner, you know, you got to find a partner that compliments each other.

Where if you're both doing the same thing every day, then it's just like, you're all overworking on each other. People don't have the proper things handled and stuff like that. So I'm actually going to direct this question to Cole.

I know like when you were basically like, hey, at a point where like, hey, I need a partner, I need some help. Like, how did that come to you? Was it more of like, I need some help or do I need a partner?

Or was it just like, hey, buddy, why don't you come help me out for this thing I got going on here? I mean, we had, when we were in like, eighth or ninth grade, we had ran a lawn mowing business in our neighborhood. So like we had partnered before.

And that was another thing about him was that I knew like, we could scream at each other and yell and get in fights but get over it because like, it's gonna happen. We've been through it before. But I wouldn't even necessarily say I was looking for a partner.

He was just like wanting to get involved. And then kind of the more we like helped out with the store kind of just made sense. The way you like he helped out.

So like, was he just like over your shoulder, like sending you ideas over what to do? So he originally was doing the customer service and making sure all the orders were fulfilled and everything. And then straight from the get go, he was interested in like hiring the VA's, training the VA's, getting our inventory all settled.

And I knew that I did not want to deal with any of that. So it just kind of made sense. Gotcha.

Okay. And this is, this is still like, he was kind of balancing that, that, that full time job and like doing this off like half hours and stuff, essentially. Cool.

Cool. And where was that initial like, hey, let me help you out for an hour today. Or like, let me help you out for 15 minutes.

Or is that just like premature whole life? That sense right there. Since like we started.

Yeah. So it was every day. Every single day I came home from work, I was working on Solus or our other brand.

And then even on weekends too. We, I would say we've probably been grinding for the better, like portion of the entire year. It's just kind of how we work.

We're working nonstop, but then we also do like to have fun in the off time. Yeah. Gotcha.

Okay. So you were pretty much already helping out that other brand than Solus started and that's where, you know, you kind of went further into it. Okay, cool.

I was, I was looking for that point of where like, hey, I've been working on Solus. I need some help. Hey, you want to come help me?

And then you start like jumping into like his systems and stuff like that. But you're already doing that with that other brand. Correct?

Yeah. We were actually like at this point, we didn't realize the power of like putting all of your focus on the one brand. Yeah.

So we were, and especially at the skill levels we were at. So we were still, we had those two stores and I still had him like trying to start like other stores and stuff when we see products coming up. So I, I kind of gave him that full, like, like he, he built some stores up and like found products and he did all that and grinded through that.

Um, but eventually we just realized that it wasn't worth trying to spread ourselves to them like that. Yeah. Cool.

Now I'm curious. Um, do you, you don't have to, you don't have to, if you don't want to, but do you want to talk a little bit about what you sell on Solus specifically? Yeah.

Um, so we sell Apple watch bands. Um, the only reason we're like kind of iffy on it is because we have some people trying to knock us off and we just don't want, like they literally take our exact like videos and content and everything. Shopify is pretty good with the cease and desist though.

But yeah, we just don't want like other people using our content and then like just getting a bad image in general, like people thinking that that was us. But yeah, we still Apple watch fans. Um, which everyone that I talked to, like, was pretty much saying like, I, that's a really competitive industry.

Like I don't really see you being able to scale too high there. Um, but I don't know. We kind of just, I, I think we had one of those kind of lucky stories where I didn't honestly know exactly what I was doing with marketing.

So I just tried everything I could. Um, and eventually was just doing stuff that other people weren't trying. I think I kind of just found some little areas that ended up working for us.

That's pretty cool. Now comparing and, and also to have to give y'all credit, like I love y'all ads, like whoever's on the creative side, whoever's engineering them and putting them together. Great work on that.

Um, so give you props there, Cole. Uh, now your other store you had started before, uh, Solus was in the same industry or, you know, was it the one also Apple watch bands or. It was a woman's headbands.

And we were, we were donating a money to trees.org for every headband we sold, but we were packaging them like, why don't you get one free? Yeah. We had like a five or 6% conversion rate on that store.

It was nuts. Wow. That's pretty cool.

That's a weird one too. Like the tree donation thing, like, look, donations, amazing tool to increase conversion rate. Um, the tree one though, the one that the donation, when you choose though, is very important.

And that that's odd, a headband for a tree. Uh, I thought you're gonna do something like cancer awareness or something like that. In that sense.

We, so whenever we started that store, I think I bought them because I thought they look cool. And I was living with my girlfriend at the time and, uh, I ordered them. They finally came like a month later and I showed them to her and she was like, Oh, these are awesome.

Like they're super good quality and they literally cost us less than a dollar per piece. And we were selling them for like what? $30 a piece.

Yeah. The designs on them kind of looks like something like a tree hugger. Like, like, yeah, it was like the design.

So then I reached out to trees.org and they were fully on. So we became brand partners where, you know, we were on their site. They were on our site.

It went really, really well. That's pretty cool. So.

To pretty much friends from, I'll say what middle school, all your life, go high school, college, all that together, anything like that. Um, now I'm curious though. So I know Chad, you kind of went the kind of corporate route for a little bit.

Um, then Cole, like, what'd you do before kind of get into this like entrepreneurial route? So straight out of college, I thought I was getting an investment real estate job. Um, I, they told me I had it and it was going to be in like Northern Cali, like Silicon Valley, pretty much.

So I just worked for my dad who owns a landscaping company all summer. Um, I was basically just trying to pass time. And then they just kept blaming it on COVID.

So we graduated 2020, like when COVID hit. So I was just passing time. And then I went on vacation in September.

So see my sister in Cali. And then immediately straight to my dad's like birthday in the Outer Banks, North Carolina. And, um, I got pretty tuned up.

Um, you could call it. And I told my dad, sounds like a drug deal right there. I had a few drinks and, uh, I pretty much, I don't know what got into me, but like I had known I wanted to do it, but I just, I guess I don't.

I don't know either way this night I was like, dad, when we get home, I'm not working for you anymore. Like I want to figure something out. Um, that's interesting.

I like how you, you quit the job before even getting the vehicle first. Yeah. I pretty much went home and I was living at home.

And so I was just saving up all the money that I was working, like getting from working from him. Um, so I probably had like 10 K saved up. And then I day one just started watching every like eat, like how to make money online video.

You could think of found drop shipping pretty quickly, found a couple, uh, channels. And within like a week I paid, I paid some dude $3,000 off YouTube to mentor me. That was the point where I was working with oldie and we were talking on the phone and I was like, so what are you up to?

And he told me like, he's been working on e-com and he's like, I'm actually going to pay this guy to mentor me. I was like, Oh, how much is it? And I was guessing like a couple hundred bucks.

And he said three grand. I was like, do you have that much money? I was like, I barely had any money saved in my bank account.

I was working all day. And I was like, where'd you get that kind of money? He's like, well, let's hope it works.

And he just, I mean, as soon as he did that, that's when he started like telling me about e-com. But it was very like off like things like maybe once a week, once every month we would catch up and just tell me about what he's been working on. I'm curious if, who is the guy?

Granted, it feels good. Then yeah. Who is the guy feels bad.

And let's just not mention him. It was good. His name was Tan Chudry.

Okay. Never actually heard of him. Yeah.

He, it was like a one-on-one mentorship program. He was like building on his course and stuff at the time. Um, I was like one of his first people I think he ever mentored.

So it wasn't like the smoothest thing, but pretty much it would just get on a like 30 in an hour minute, 30 to an hour call with me every week on zoom. And then he would answer like questions one or two times a day in Skype. And he would like over my stores and stuff and products.

Nice. That's actually probably one of the best mentorships you could have right there. So, um, uh, you know, I still to this day still have a few people like that are paying on a monthly basis and just get them.

Hey, you know, granted, like these are people making eight, nine figures in e-com. Uh, so it, as you scale, you try to find those next level, those people right there. But I think that's probably one of the most valuable relationships you can have, probably even more valuable than a course, if you're somewhat of a, you know, smart person that can figure out stuff on yourself.

Uh, with YouTube and everything. So, um, yeah, I would say it paid off well for you then. Yeah, definitely.

Now at that time right there, you were doing mostly just kind of like drop shipping stores and stuff as well. So this was around the beginning of October was whenever I got the mentorship. Um, and what year is this again?

2020. Oh, wow. Okay.

So, yeah, I kind of made probably two or three stores in like October, beginning of November. None of them worked. Had a successful store at the end of November.

I was like, this is it. This is like going to be what all the gurus are talking about. Um, and the product was patented.

I could have just sold it until I got a cease and desist, but I was like, I don't want to mess around with it. Yeah. Um, tried another store.

So it was kind of getting a little bit like, uh, is this really what I want to do or not? Um, holidays came around. I kind of took a week or two off January.

I came back with a store and that was my first store that I ever got to a thousand dollars a day rev. Um, the product was junk, which is another reason why we don't really drop ship anymore. How did, how did that feel when you got your first like thousand dollars a day online?

First day ever. So I was living in PA back at the time where we're from. He was down like DC area.

I was actually visiting him the day that I had my first thousand dollar day. So that was like probably the, whenever he started taking a little more seriously. Um, and this was like end of January.

So 2021 last year. And then the next store I started was Solus. Yeah.

That's, uh, that's exhilarating when you, when you hit that first thousand dollars a day. Like I know like when I hit my first one K day, like, you know, I work only with client stores. Um, but when I, when I took a client to their first thousand dollar day and I was like, holy shit, that's insane.

Like I was freaking out more than them. And they're just like, just a thousand bucks. It's like, shit, I need to get richer.

So, um, but yeah, even, even for us, like when we take on a brand new store and we hit that first $500, $1,000 consistently, it's just like, it's still, it's no better feeling ever. Then the online kind of, uh, those first few sales on a brand new store, brand new offer and everything like that. Um, even new creatives that you spend a bunch of time on like those first few sales.

It's, it's an adrenaline rush. It's, uh, it's my drug of choice. So, but that's awesome, man.

And then that's when solo starts to begin, uh, start pushing through. And again, I know you said you started drop shipping first, started growing it. Um, what was some of the first maybe key lessons that you took from those first few stores that you've applied to solace or maybe just like one or two things that you took from those first few stores and applied to solace when you first started.

Um, get good quality products. Yeah. So with solace, I ordered the products before I ever made the store.

Um, so I got an apple watch for Christmas. I knew I liked them. So that was honestly the main reason I tried the store because everyone was saying it was too competitive and stuff, but either way, um, I don't know those first couple of stores.

I was more focused on like the drop shipping, like choose a product. I wasn't making any of my ads or anything. I was just building stores, building stores, building stores.

Solace was the first store that I ever actually like started making my own ads. Nice. So you basically saying where I was like, well, for I'll start the store, take a random ad, throw a little bit of money at it.

Didn't work. Oh, it's the store. Not bad.

So let me just destroy the whole thing. Started new over again. Essentially.

Yeah. That was like the strategy that a lot of those drop shipping people teach and the strategy that I was following at the time. And then now it's like, I probably could have had 10 successful stores.

If I just test it more creative. Yeah. I also just didn't really have it going back to the stores.

I definitely could have got a lot of them working when I just didn't have the marketing skills at that point. Yeah. That's part of the process of learning more.

And I think that's where like a lot of like, I get a lot of drop shippers that watch my YouTube channel and it kind of conflicts with what they were taught. There's some of their beliefs and everything because it's like, oh, what do you do when a product doesn't work? Mike, what do you mean?

I have no choice but to make this product work as a client's paying me specifically on a month. So I have 30 days to essentially test as many creative as possible, add angles and things like that to get that product off the market essentially. So and start scaling or as a drop shipping route, they've probably gone through 30 different stores with this single creative that or one piece of creative for every store that every single drop shipper is using.

And it's separating itself and starting to build that brand, which I feel like that's something you've kind of done with Solas in that sense right there and separated it. Yeah, for sure. So start selling at the store.

You apply some of those kind of key principles right there, start building up your marketing principles and stuff. And I know you're a big creative person. Like, were you, how are you shooting these creatives and stuff like that?

We're using UGC, we're using a confidio editor. How are you getting some of the content at the early stages? I took all of it on my on my phone.

So for the first all like last summer, I was just running photo ads. That's what I could get the work. I was just taking pictures of the bands in certain ways.

And then he kind of kept harping on me about like TikTok. So I was like, screw it. I like try to make some organic TikTok videos.

So I was just like doing, I don't know, just kind of like funny stuff, like starting the video like in the wave and like getting it out of it for like the intro and kind of just try and make a cool intro and then sell our bands from there. Some of my first videos on the organic thing did decent, got a couple of thousand views. So I was like, let me try to run these on Facebook and see what happens.

And then they were outperforming everything we had. So from there, I kind of just kept on with that style of video until we started getting UGC. And that's what's really been like the game changer for us.

Nice. Nice. I like how you said like you basically just make a video where it's like a cool intro and then sell the band.

Like that's literally your two part video formula. And I feel like if 90% of e-com owners could just master that right there, it'd be in a much better spot. Cool intro, got their attention.

Here's why you need this product. So I really like that. Now the UGC side right there, is that something I did in-house or do you all like use an agency or something like that?

So from the start, we just sent out emails to our customers and basically said like, Hey, we'll send you. I don't remember how many we sent, but we sent them some free bands. If they'd send us back a review video, most of them were not good at all.

But the ones that were good were like phenomenal. And that was purely just emailing your existing customers. Emailing our customers.

Yeah. We would, we would send out an email to, I think like 200 is as many as I started with 200 customers at a time. We'd probably get like, I don't know, five to 10 back from that.

And then after we had a couple of videos, depending on our cool one or not, we'd send another email out to a group of customers. And like he said, I mean, a bunch of people were super pumped about it. They would send the video and be like, Hey, I want this band and this band.

And we would just go from there and it costs us near, near nothing. Yeah. That's really cool.

Yeah. Cause, and especially too, you weren't really paying these customers. You know, you're just like, Hey, shoot a video or Hey, we'll send you a free band in exchange for a video.

Essentially. Yeah. Within the last couple of months we started using billow and that's still kind of like a little hit or miss, but we've gotten some really good ones from there.

You know, it's, it's kind of funny. I took a look at your Facebook ads library before we got on this call. Um, and one of the particular creators you're using, I use twice for two different accounts.

Um, one of our metal signs brands and, um, as skincare product. I was like, damn, she's still in there. Yeah.

I feel like I know which one, but. So, um, but yeah, no billow solid though. Like it's a hit or miss.

Uh, how have you been able to combat that with like changing up your briefs? Um, whenever we first started doing it, the info that I could like give them was way different than now. I feel like now I don't even change it much.

Um, I don't know if billow helped us out or what, cause they started emailing me, um, and saying they could help me pick better creators. But it just seems like the more videos I ordered, I'm getting better people applying to my videos now. So I don't know if maybe the creators like can see that we're like a multi time, like purchaser.

And they just think that we're more like rep people. I don't know. But it seems like while we've been getting better, uh, better, like people applying now.

Nice. Nice. Yeah.

I've, I've personally haven't used bill a little bit. Now. I've been on big on the instance side.

And since it's pretty good, uh, more expensive than billow. Um, quite more like you gotta pay $500 a month just to use the platform. And then from there you have to pay the creators anywhere from 50 to a hundred dollars.

Um, but it's, uh, you get a lot more for your, your dollar essentially. Um, as they have, um, there's options where you can get them to take a few pictures, videos, things like that. So that's works pretty well.

Um, so cool. So yeah, I love this. So you basically got to dive into the creative side.

Uh, at what point now I know this is probably where Chad starts to kind of step in essentially into the picture. Um, you know, you don't have everything with your Facebook ad side. Now, obviously there's two things that need to happen.

Now, now are you doing pretty much where like, it's the typical drop shipping route of, you know, standard, I guess you could just say the similar standard drop shipping route where you're not holding any inventory at this time right now. No, or right now, right now. Well, right now I know you guys are like in house and everything.

Um, but basically at some level you took inventory in house. Correct. Um, it was about last August for the shipping agent.

Whenever we send inventory to a three PO, the end of last August, I believe. So before that very brief, but we hired a shipping agent who had contacts in China, had his warehouse set up there. So he was providing better service for us from just our supplier itself from Aliexpress.

Um, we only worked with him for like a month and a half. Didn't go as well as we would hope the shipping times just weren't what we wanted. They were like the products weren't good either.

It just wasn't a great time. So we bought a huge inventory stack and brought it to a three PL that he actually recommended us here in the U S. Um, it was in Indiana and they were good for a while.

Um, but we sort of outbrew them. Yeah. They did not expect us to scale the way we did.

Yeah. I mean, we have 350 skews. So as a warehouse, keeping track of that many skews and we have, I mean, at the time we only had probably like 30,000 bands in stock at a time.

Um, now we're almost, we're over a hundred thousand at the time that we have in stock. So just keeping manage of all those. And he had, I think like five or six employees that would do our orders, um, three per day, but to tell all of them each and every single like way to do it and stuff like things just get mixed up.

So our customers are shaping the wrong bands. They weren't receiving all the bands. They weren't counting our inventory rights or overselling bands.

We were selling like hundreds of bands that we didn't have in stock. That was like the main problem. So that was like a nightmare on the customer service end where like, we're getting all these emails where it's like, where's my order?

This was my order that. And they weren't even telling us like every once in a while, he'd be like, yeah, we oversold some bands. Um, here's all the orders.

And it would be like a hundred orders down the sheet. And I'm like, what are you guys doing? Like, you got to tell me this right away.

So long story short, um, I ran the numbers and we were going to keep working with them. Just try to, you know, get it solved. But I ran the numbers and we ended up, uh, increasing our margins by 10% just by bringing it in house.

Um, and we were moving down to Florida. We already had that, you know, in our mindset. So I started looking at warehouses down here, found a good sized one.

We thought it was too big to start. Um, but we already filled it up basically with our brands. So that's good.

Um, but yeah, we saved a ton of money and gave cool a little bit extra margin to play with on our ad spend. So you could scale a little bit higher. Um, and really our main problems with doing that is just keeping enough inventory and stock.

So we've been ordering out the wazoo to do that. Yeah. Inventory management is so critical, especially when you have multiple skews.

I think probably like the worst thing ever is like, I'm sure y'all faced this before. Like you'll have one band that sells way better than all the other bands. And then that one goes out of stock.

And then the other ones just do not pull on Facebook like that one. So how do y'all manage that? We just have to order a ton of them.

Like, so we have probably like 30 to 40 skews that I would say are like money getters that we order like double, triple, sometimes four times as much of those than we do any other band. And we run a buy to get one. Yeah, we do buy to get one free.

So that hurts the ads even more because like if someone is normally going to get like a plain black or like some type of solid color. And then from there, they'll get fun with the other ones. But whenever we don't have those like staple blacks and grays and they just don't order at all.

So it, it definitely hurts whenever we lose those main or out of those main skews. True. Yeah.

That's, that's a problem right there. I know that's, we, we work with a fairly good, like, like clothing brands as well. And it's always a problem where it's like a small is out of stock or they have, they have all this inventory except, um, or like all their inventories, one size for one product.

And then everything else is sold out. So medium, large, extra large sold out. And it's like a product will not move.

Cause like no one's wears a small on that particular size. So it's, it's becomes an issue. Um, I'm curious what was going through your mind though, when y'all brought like a lot of things.

And you know, when y'all brought like a fulfillment in the USA and you all went from, Hey, it's no longer a dropshipping store. And now we have a couple thousand dollars in inventory at hand. Um, or is there any like kind of maybe second thoughts or anything that was like, Oh shit.

Like things are getting real now. Um, not really, because from day one, we knew that our goal was like, at least for a couple of years, any brand that we start, we're trying to sell. So we knew that to get the most value, we had to like do things the right way.

Um, so it was never even really, we, yeah, we definitely never second thought it. Yeah. We weren't, we weren't really trying to take a quick buck.

Um, like a lot of dropshippers out there nowadays, they just want to make as much money as they possibly can in a couple of months. Wait till that store dies off, create another one and go from there. We were in the longterm game where it was like, all right, we're going to run this store as best as we can create a great system behind it for, you know, two years.

And then hopefully sell it for a ton of money instead of like a get rich quick scheme. Yeah. And we get a lot, we get a decent amount of repeat customers and like just word of mouth sales.

Um, and that wouldn't be possible if we were dropshipping. Yeah. I, I do notice that a ton of stores it's, you know, like we don't even work with dropshipping stores anymore just because nine times out of 10 in their mindset.

It's just, Hey, I'm just trying to make some money. Then you'll have that one person here and there. It's like, look, I'm trying to validate this idea so that we can move it to this big brand.

Um, I'm trying to validate it first. I think dropship is a great model to validate something, but then longterm you need to be in house. You need to be really focused on your product quality, your boxing experience, all that fun stuff right there.

So a huge props on you guys for going the right route. Um, now, you know, they say something interesting there. Your goal is to get the company sold.

Um, I have two questions for you. First off, did you have any investors coming at any level to help out with inventory? Um, or is it purely just off?

Yeah, American express. And then we have some credit lines. Um, but realistically, we're just not paying ourselves anywhere near what we could be.

So we have like very nice numbers to look at when we see our profit statements, but it's not what we're actually putting in our pockets because we're just reinvesting it all. Yeah. Pretty much from day one, we've reinvested everything.

Like we'll pay ourselves. Like when we didn't put everything on our cards, we would pay ourselves like our living expenses that we needed. But other than that, like we, I mean, we could have made like $30,000 in that profit the one month.

We would have paid ourselves out maybe like five or six of it at a time. And, and we would just take everything. Yeah.

That was in the summer of last year. And then we would just throw everything back into buying inventory and everything like that, which we still do to this day. Um, but we're starting to get to the point where, you know, we're getting ahead of the game on our ordering and we're able to pull out a little bit extra for a month, which is nice.

Nice. Nice. That's, it's really good.

It reminds me of a lot of like, uh, uh, one brand I've been following for a little while now with sour strips, uh, with max chewing. Um, and that's what he like preached a lot while, uh, kind of building his business. It's just reinvesting everything, not taking a single penny.

And I truly think if you can, um, do that for a year, some people, it's just hard to do that. You hear some people it's just hard. Cause like, I'm, I gotta work a full-time job while running a full-time business.

Cause I can't take a profit yet. Um, but even if you could just take like as small as profit as possible, just so that we can reinvest more in your business, you're going to grow so much faster than, uh, than if you didn't. And I think that was probably one of my, my first mistakes when I was, you know, growing my first business is that I went to, uh, you know, I started reaching into the pot a little too soon.

So, uh, definitely congratulate you guys on having that. I think it takes more discipline in that sense versus anything. Cause it's like, oh shit, look at all this money.

You know, let me, let me, let me take a little bit. Let's go to, you know, no move or something like that. No problem at all.

Um, but yeah, it's definitely a lot of discipline on that side that, uh, you guys kind of practice in that sense right there. It was, it was nice. Cause it was kind of a snowball effect.

I mean, we were doing it so long that it just kind of got normal. And then, uh, black Friday hit for black Friday to December. We doubled from December to January.

We doubled again. I think January to February, we did like 50% more the next month. We didn't grow a ton in February.

I don't think, but it's because we had some inventory issues because of Chinese new year and everything. But we just started getting fired again. It's fun to look at it.

Our last, our last 90 days have been, um, I guess I can just throw numbers at it. So like in our first year, we're probably going to do like 1.4, 1.5 mil. And in our last three months, we've done like 900 and some thousand of that 1.5.

That is awesome. Growth has just been amazing to watch. Um, and it's honestly been pretty unbelievable to see.

That's incredible. Great work. Now I want to tell you one thing too, is did y'all see a big impact, um, and performance when like 14.5 hit just because y'all selling like purely apple watch bands.

Um, I'm sure that was around the same time. Y'all start to grow and scale. Uh, did that have any major hits on like, kind of like maybe second thoughts or anything like that?

So luckily for me, I didn't, I wasn't like, like super aware of exactly how Facebook ads were before 14.5. Cause I only had like a few small stores. Yeah.

So it pretty much hit as I was trying to scale this one. And I was still learning Facebook ads in general, like still at that point where I'm like, do I want a CVO? Do I want an AVO?

What's going on here? So that I'm trying to deal with that. We, uh, took the high roast route real early.

Um, which we don't use anymore, but I mean, it served its purpose for sure. Um, but yeah, I mean, I still, I did use retargeting on stores before that. I still can't do much with retargeting.

I have not had much success. We don't even set up retargeting campaigns anymore. Yeah.

I'm not currently not running one either. We're spending like 10 K a day on this one account. And it's like not a single retargeting campaign at all in there.

And they're like, well, why are they retargeting? I show them their frequency over the last seven days. Like, oh, okay, nevermind.

So that's epic. I'm curious. You said you're not using high-risk anymore.

Uh, what are you using now? We're using triple well. I don't know if you've heard of that.

Yeah. That was literally my, uh, I don't know if you've heard of that. I believe my, uh, my to-do list this week was to get on triple well.

I want to test it out and see how it is. Their, their app is awesome. How it breaks everything down.

I mean, it basically just shows you all of the screens on one. It doesn't do much technically there, but it's just so nice. Yeah.

It does UTMs. Yeah. They put a little code on your site to help track server side.

Cool. We've been doing that since January. Did you notice, um, you know, not to get on, I don't know.

You know, not to get on like the beta of like Hyros over triple well, but from a user aspect was triple well a bit more easier to use in Hyros. Yes. And it was a lot cheaper and it gave me a lot more to look at.

Like it, it has all of our prop, like all of our numbers are in there. Um, not just ads, but then the ads are very simple. Look at it.

Yeah. Now, does it, um, like this is the problem I don't like about wicked reports is that wicked reports does not show ad sets. So it goes campaign ads.

So you might have 50 ads and a campaign, but they're all, you know, broken down into a few ad sets. Does triple well break it down by ad sets or is it just like show all the ads? Yeah.

It's just like Facebook ads manager where you click on the campaign, then it will show all the ad sets. Then you click on the ad set and it'll show the ads in that ad set. Um, I don't know if I set it up wrong, but for tick tock, I'm not able to see my ad level, which isn't phenomenal, but it, I've also just kind of been lazy and trying to figure out why that is.

But for Facebook, I could see everything. Cool. Cool.

Well, I'm excited to dive into it. Um, yeah, that's something that we use a lot of wicked reports right now. Some ad accounts still don't even use anything and we're still crushing it for them.

Um, yeah, I mean, we'll use like one campaign, one ad set broad and just drop in new ads in there and then boom. Um, and, uh, but yeah, we do have a few ad accounts where it's like a crazy amount of sales and Facebook's only like showing like a lot of ads. Um, and Facebook is the only driver of traffic for that store.

So we're looking at options like triple L and a lot of people have been talking about triple L and supposed to be really good. Um, cheaper as well. I can give you credit on that one.

Cause yes, it's a lot cheaper than some of these other, uh, platforms. Yeah. So what, um, I think I said, your vision is to get sold.

You're trying to exit the business and everything. Uh, what is that? Are you able to do that?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

So what is that? So, you know, you're looking at for like a certain number. Um, like, you know, you want to grow to $10 million a year in sales and then look for, you know, someone take over or, uh, which vision on that.

Yeah. Yeah. We've been saying a million months, um, and then try to stabilize that.

So yeah, around 10, 12 mil a year and then try to sell. Um, but in general, we're kind of just taking it day by day because everything changes so quickly. Um, and we're all, we're involved in multiple brands.

Now we're kind of like building like, uh, I'll tell you, e-comm aggregator where we're building out a team underneath us and kind of just like, we want to buy brands that we think look like we could fix them up and do way better with. Um, so we actually just bought 60% of one like two weeks ago and I'm just starting to, today was the first day I got to run ads on that. So we're, um, venturing out a little bit.

Um, but for solace, yeah, I actually just offloaded all create as an ad. So that's why I'm able to do it for these other ones. I don't know if we want to talk about that or not, but yeah, let's dive into that a little bit.

Yeah. So I knew that I was kind of reaching my, uh, probably ceiling on creatives and I just, honestly, I just didn't really want to do it anymore. Like I just thought someone else could do it better and then I could use my time elsewhere.

Um, but I knew that creatives was the driving factor. So I talked to probably like 30 people. Um, but I was originally planning on only outsourcing creatives and then keeping media buying myself.

I was actually going to consider, I, that was why I scheduled a call with you. I was going to want to do my media buying. Um, but I eventually found a creative focus, um, company called Vaxa.

And they had a, uh, media buyer that they work with all the time that they gave us a discount since it was, they just knew we'd be an easy client. Yeah. So we're still like onboarding them.

Um, and we won't get our first wave of creatives from them until next week. So I guess I can't toot their horns yet and say that they are going to crush it for us. But yeah, like at least like the 90 days, 90 day mark where you can really judge a performance, uh, for an agency.

But we saw like their intros videos that weren't like fully done yesterday and they looked really good. So we'll see. Nice.

That's awesome. Now I'm curious, cause there's probably a lot of other brand owners in that situation where they're like, okay, hey, uh, should I let someone else run my ads or, you know, maybe should I keep doing it? I'm sure there was a lot of people having that kind of conflict in their head right now.

Um, and obviously you've gone through it too, as well. I, you know, you guys are already doing probably half, you know, half a million dollars a month close to it essentially right there. Uh, whereas some people offloaded at 50 K a month.

So what, I guess, what took you so long to offload it or why did you stay on it for so long? Um, in that sense right there. Because I personally wanted to know how to get it to that level myself because one, I knew that I would be able to choose a partner to work with like better if I actually knew what it took to run them well.

Um, and two, I kind of just wanted to prove it to myself that I could. I completely understand that one. I think, I definitely think too, you are in a unique situation where you didn't have to worry about fulfillment logistics and all that stuff right there, even customer service.

So you've had that partner to where like, Hey, I could focus purely on this right here. Um, so then you basically. Yeah.

Yeah. And then you hit your goal. You kind of hit it to where I was like, okay, cool.

I proved it to myself. And you're like, all right, I need to find someone else to do it. Um, when you start looking for an agency, how did you just, how'd you do that?

Did you go like Facebook groups? Did you go like find an agency.com, um, YouTube, like Facebook ad agencies? I Googled some stuff and ultimately the company we chose was because I tweeted and I asked, uh, if anybody knew of any creative agencies and someone tags, the dude that runs the company that we partnered with.

I got on a call with him and I was kind of just like, yeah, I think, uh, I think I like them. Money Twitter is a powerful tool. Um, Twitter right now.

I'm in, I'm in a group right now that pay, you know, a hundred dollars a month to be a part of on Facebook and Twitter right now. DTC Twitter is 10 times more viable than that. So like, I feel like I could pay a thousand dollars a month and still get more info from Twitter, even if I have to pay that right there per month.

So DTC Twitter is powerful. So, um, so yeah, so you, you pretty much had a relatively sharp cell cycle and since finding an agency. Um, and again, just to be corrected on the creative and the media buying, correct.

So there are two different agencies that are doing them, but they, this is another reason why I chose them is they work with a ton of private equity, uh, firms that just pull e-com brands. And that's why they're like, it's all outsourced because of that. Yeah.

Because obviously the firms don't want to run it. Um, so yeah, they just worked with the media buying agency a lot and they knew that they worked pretty cohesively. So he just recommended that I talk to them and then I talked to the media buying agency and they gave me a discount for, um, the fact that I knew it was going to be easy.

And I just had to offload it all. Awesome. Now I'm sure there's a lot of, you know, people right now that are at that point right now, or like they made a clear decision.

They want to hire an agency. Um, what does maybe one or two things that you looked for when hiring an agency, just so that way, because there's a lot of people that get talked about. They're like, Hey, you know, I, I was on a call just before with some guy on this, um, this call is like three agencies burned me.

And I finally found one that works really well. So what would you say is like one or two things you should look for if I'm in like the market right now to hire an agency? Um, should I be purely basing it off price?

Should I be looking for reputable case studies? Like what's, what's like the one or two things that kind of clicked for you of like, Hey, this, this would be a good fit for us. Um, so I was just looking at like, where they was.

So some of the agencies did creative and media buying, obviously, which was most of them. Um, and when I'd get on a call and they were just trying to tell me how they were going to target customers better and all that didn't say anything about creative. I was kind of just like, um, I don't really want to work with them because I know that creative is what's going to drive it.

So that was why I personally kind of was solely looking for a creative agency. Um, it just happens that it worked out the offload media buying too, but I would definitely just say, look for people. That aren't telling you they're going to target like the best effort set up all these like great strategies.

They're just going to be saying like, Hey, like we know how to make a good ad and we're going to just keep making them until we find something that stick for you. I love that. Yeah.

I mean, that's, that's literally what I tell people, sales prospects right there. Um, now granted on our side, you know, we don't, we don't actually have a creative agency on our side. We, we, we work best with brands that can already do creative in-house in that sense right there.

Um, but that's like our biggest thing now. It's like, Hey, you know, we want to be able to pump out a lot of craves quick. How effective is your creative team and can they take directions too?

Cause we work with some people that are just like, they cannot take directions at all. We tell them exactly what ads to shoot. They do something completely different.

Like why? And they're like, Oh, we felt like this would be better. I'm like, no, we want to test though.

So, um, but I love that. Uh, that's some great advice right there and that's center right there. And then obviously make sure they have good case studies too.

Like that's, that's the simplest thing right there. Like how they've done it in the past for other econ brands. That's a big one.

So cool. So, um, we are running a little, a little out of time here. Um, is there anything else you guys would like to shout out to the YouTube?

Uh, let's say audience. I don't really have like a nickname for them or anything like that. Some people out there are special things, but, um, any other advice or anything like that for, uh, you know, up and common e-com people that are out there.

They may be in the same situation. Maybe drop shipping right now might be ready to place their first order for in-house fulfillment. Um, anything, words of inspiration, words of advice, or anything like that to give out.

Um, I kind of have two things too, but first one and most important watch Nick Therrio's YouTube videos. I, uh, yeah, I, I used to watch your videos at lunchtime every day when I was, it was lunchtime when I was eating my breakfast. Um, and I, that's basically how I learned like the campaign trucks that we're running now.

And just a lot of stuff. Don't watch drop shipping. Uh, YouTube.

A bad one. I'd say one, um, if you don't believe in yourself, don't bet on yourself. Like we a hundred percent believe from the start that we were going to make this successful one way or another.

We believed in ourselves and we made it happen thankfully. Um, but even if this business failed, we know we were going to start another one and make something else happen. And then another one would be, if you're going to work with a partner, make sure it's somebody that you can scream at and then muster up the strength to a day later, an hour later, whatever that you can say, sorry.

Even if you're right or wrong, just because I mean, that's how partners are. Um, if you think that you're smarter than your partner, or if you think that your partner has like more authority than you and stuff like that, then it's just not going to work out. You've both got to be even tempered, but obviously tempers come out, especially with dudes.

I have one more too. I think that, um, one of the most valuable skills for an entrepreneur in general is to know how to manage stress. If you don't know how to manage stress, you're going to throw off one.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

That's, that's a big one right there. Learn how to manage your stress, especially if you're taking a big risk, you're going to overcome more stress than everything. I know one thing that I recently found out and I found this through, oh, Sterling Cooper.

Um, fun fact, he's actually an ex porn star. Um, but he he's in my, one of my inner circles and, um, he has a YouTube channel and stuff like that. And he basically creates a, uh, a notepad and he puts all of his wins.

He documents all of his wins. So all the way from as long as he can remember. So anytime he's feeling stressed and stuff like that, he looks at that and he's like, okay, I'm in good hands.

You know, universe got me. God's given, you know, God has, has me, depends on, you know, you're into faith and everything like that. Um, and that'll help your stress tremendously right there.

Especially when it comes to like difficult for, you know, stuff like this. Um, but yeah, really great advice guys. Um, it was definitely a pleasure having y'all on.

Uh, is there any specifically like websites, social media sites, anything like that you guys want to shout out? People can find y'all. Catch us on our, we have a joint Twitter right now, but we're both starting like our own personal ones to get on the DTC Twitter.

Uh, but, uh, Casey kids with a Z or used to be that. What is it now? Casey commerce.

Yeah. I don't know, but my I'm cool. Henry underscore on Instagram and Twitter.

Um, I don't, I didn't even put a profile picture on that Twitter yet, but I will now that I know this is coming out. Um, but it's a K O H L cool. Henry underscore.

Awesome. Chad held 10. H E L D 10.

Um, I might change the, the username for Twitter though. That's just my Instagram. Awesome.

Awesome. Well, we'll definitely shout you guys out. Um, I appreciate y'all hopping on board.

It was absolute blast. Um, definitely a great story guys. And, uh, yeah, thank y'all so much for coming on.

Thanks for coming. Thanks for having us. You're welcome.

Take care. You're welcome. Take care.