How to actually set up a Facebook ads campaign with Shopify in 2023. Today, I'm going to be doing a live walkthrough of building out a Facebook ads campaign in 2023, how I structure it, what audiences I target, maybe show you a couple ads and things like that. So I'm going full live walkthrough and you're kind of questioning why am I credible to be teaching these types of things?

Well, my name is Nick Terrio. I've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads for my clients. If you're curious about my Facebook ads agency, I have a link below called Have Nick Terrio Run Your Facebook Ads.

Or if you want live kind of one-on-one mentoring, I have another link below where I have my coaching and mentoring program. My whole YouTube channel is dedicated to providing you with pretty much everything, just transparent as possible of what's working for us. My coaching, that's really for only people who here, Nick, you taught me how to use the hammer, but now I want more like actual like, or like, hey, Nick, hey, you know, you show me how to throw a one-two punch.

I'm unboxing myself. Well, now I want more of like critical feedback of how I'm doing that one or two. And that's where my mentoring comes in play.

Okay. So before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So we're going to be going pretty straightforward with this.

We're just going to go inside of our Facebook ad account. This is one of my stores. That's just kind of like, you know, I would say like my demo store.

I leverage just to, you know, create these YouTube videos. So we'll go ahead and hit create on our campaign. Now for us, we want to run a sales campaign because we want sales.

We have a Shopify store and we want purchases. Okay. And just to be fair here, if you're running a brand new ad account, you're going to be doing exactly the same steps.

Okay. This does not only apply to seasoned stores. This is for brand new accounts and accounts spending a ton of money.

Okay. The way we run an accounts from $0 a day to, you know, the most I've spent in a day is a hundred thousand dollars on one Facebook ad account is exactly the same. Okay.

So we're going to click on a sales campaign right here and we're going to hit continue. Now I'm going to do a manual sales campaign. Okay.

Because we, the way our strategy works, it works better on a manual sales campaign. Um, there's nothing against what advantage shopping plus, but what advantage shopping plus does is it forces best practices of going broad and focusing on building ads to improve performance. Okay.

Our current structure. I'm going to show you guys in today's video is going broad, single campaign and focusing on ads to improve the performance. Okay.

So that's why I'm going to do a manual sales campaign. Cause I know exactly what I want to focus on. Now, when I hit continue right here, this will pop up.

Um, first off our campaign name, um, really, you know, you can put whatever I like to put my agency's initials and I'll just call it like prospecting, you know, nothing big, um, doesn't really matter campaign name and yeah. And I'll type in WC cause it's website conversions. And then I'll put CBO cause it's campaign budget optimization.

Okay. Now we're going to turn on advantage campaign budget. Okay.

This is going to come out, give you a daily budget. All right. Now here's where you want to kind of look at things.

Okay. So for daily budget, I honestly recommend nothing less than a hundred dollars a day in 2023 at Facebook ads. Like if you're spending less than a hundred dollars a day on Facebook ads, or can't afford to spend more than a hundred dollars a day on Facebook ads, I honestly just don't recommend Facebook ads for you.

Um, I would go and focus on building organic followings on Tik TOK. I would also focus on leveraging more content creators and influencers and stuff like that. Okay.

Um, a hundred dollars a day. That's only $3,000 a month on Facebook ads. And it's really not a lot.

Okay. Um, you know, it's just, it's with current conditions of more competitive space and stuff like that. Like anything less than a hundred dollars a day, it's just, it's just not a lot of money to leverage.

Okay. So I recommend a hundred dollars a day. If you can spend more than a hundred dollars a day, that's great as well.

Um, but whatever budget you set, you want to set a budget that you do not go lower than for 30 days. Okay. So for example, a hundred dollars a day, I'm willing to spend $3,000 for the next 30 days.

So in your mind, you need a mentally part away emotionally from that $3,000. Okay. Put that $3,000 aside.

If you burn it, that's perfectly okay. All right. You need to part ways with any emotional attachment from here.

Okay. All right. Next thing is our ad set name.

Now we're going to be building out our main ad set here. Okay. Our main assets, we're going to keep all of our winners.

Okay. All of our winning ads. Okay.

So I'm just going to call this main zero, um, you know, just whatever main, um, we're also going to be targeting USA. I only recommend one country per campaign. So the country you start off with is going to be either a, the country that you already know works for you and drive 70% of your revenue or B the country you want to start in, you have high confidence conviction that that country is going to give you the best results.

Okay. Now our particular product is for both male plus female, um, and 18 plus. But if you have a product that, you know, for a fact with data that, you know, female 21 to 30 is what's your primary demographic, then you'll put female, you know, female only in, you know, 21 plus.

Okay. Now we're going to be doing broad targeting and I'll show you that in a second, uh, we're gonna be doing automatic placements. Okay.

And then I'm optimized for purchase. Okay. So I'm just gonna type in OPR.

Now I'm gonna come in here and I want to click on just websites. Um, I personally don't really do the shop, you know, just don't really see it. Uh, performance goal, maximize number of conversions, conversion events purchase.

So regardless, if you have a brand new store or if you have a seasoned store, go with purchases. Okay. Because what it is, is this conversion event purchase right here, Facebook has already segments of people by purchases, even though they don't even know about your brand yet.

Okay. So targeting different groups of people can have dramatically different results. Okay.

Facebook already bucketed those people that are purchased. So when I create my ad and target purchases, I'm putting my ad already the most likely to perform. Okay.

Um, you don't need to go in to initiate checkout and all that, or view content first, um, simply purchase objective. Okay. Boom.

Um, I'll leave default seven day click one day view, nothing great. And then dynamic creative. We're going to leave off.

I will be creating another ad set in a second with dynamic creative. Okay. But we're just gonna leave this off for a second.

All right. Audience. Again, we do no audience targeting.

The only thing I do is exclude and I had to do purchase 30 days. Okay. Very simple.

Just create new custom audience websites next. And then, and then just select purchase right here, 30 days. And then boom, create your audience and then select it.

Okay. Again, you're just excluding purchases 30 days. Okay.

USA. Cause that's who we want to target age 18 plus genders all again. If you have a specific age group, then boom, boom, or you know, location, add that in.

Okay. Then automatic placements. Okay.

Now I'm gonna click next here. Now I'll show you guys something interesting. I'm gonna click next, and then I'm actually going to come up here and hit delete on this particular ad.

Okay. Why? Cause you'll see in a sec.

All right. Boom. And then now I'm just gonna close this out and then I'm gonna click review and publish.

And then there we go. Okay. So now I just created an ad set with zero ads.

Okay. That's perfectly fine. All right.

Now I'm gonna click on this and I'm literally just gonna hit control and D and I'm gonna duplicate that ad set. Okay. Now this ad set right here is going to be my very first creative test.

So I just like to type in zero zero one or, um, you know, sometimes I'll use like one on one right there. Um, just whatever you want to name your first ad test. Okay.

All right. I have an ad concept ready to go for this video. I'm gonna show you guys in a second.

Then we come in and turn on dynamic creative. Okay. Cause now we're going to create our first dynamic creative test.

Okay. Again, I'm just going to double check all of this. Sometimes when you make big changes, like typing in dynamic creative, um, it'll affect things, but all this looks good.

All right. Now I'm gonna go right here. If it doesn't have an ad already populated, I'm just gonna hit create ad.

All right, there we go. Now we have our ad under here and we are good to go. So I'm just gonna call this zero zero one dynamic.

Cause it's a dynamic ad. All right. I'm gonna make sure my Facebook page is selected.

Make sure my Instagram account, select it, uh, multi-advertiser ads. You can leave that on. Now here's where we're gonna start messing with things.

Okay. So we're gonna turn off optimize creative for each person. We're gonna turn that off.

And then you want to select your videos because it's a dynamic creative. We're gonna select three videos. Okay.

So if one, two, three, all right, these three videos or, or photos, depending on what you're gonna do, you're only gonna do three photos or three videos. Okay. And when you do these, you're gonna have one variable different.

That's the key here. I'm gonna show you guys the creative in a second too. So just so y'all can see as well.

Um, let me go ahead and just go ahead and cop pop in the URL again, guys. Like this is literally like a test store app right here. It's nothing fancy at all.

So, um, if you go like, take a look at it, it's nothing sexy to copy over anything like that button call to action shop. Now domain for the website events, make sure it's your domain, select it. And then for you all parameters, if you're not on Sherpa, well, I highly recommend you be on triple well, um, triple well only works with Shopify stores and Facebook ads and allows you to accurately see what ads are working in the account past the 14.5 data issues in the ad account.

So I'd put my URL parameters in here. So a triple well can copy or track the ad. Okay.

So before I actually go any further, I want to show you these three creatives really quick. So you'll notice, um, let's just click like on this one really quick. You'll notice that it's the same creative, same video.

All I'm doing is changing, um, one variable. Okay. And the variable that we're changing for these is the creative headline and the creative headline.

I have one here is, um, that kind of, that, you know, tick tock style comp. Okay. Uh, so I have this one right here.

They're all 15 seconds or 14 seconds, but they all have a different creative headline. So this is creative headline. One, this is creative headline two, right here.

You can see how do I sleep apart with their feet? And then boom. All right.

There we go. Okay. So something else I'm gonna do right here is I want to select the thumbnail.

Okay. Now the thumbnail, I like to pull, I like to do manual and I like to do the first frame between one and three seconds. Okay.

If it does not populate right here, opening it up on your computer, take a screenshot and then just upload an image. Very simple. Okay.

But you're always gonna do that first frame. Okay. So that way we, when we test new hooks, whether it's visual or text hooks in this case right here, we're also gonna be testing new thumbnails.

Okay. Thumbnails, honestly, they play a small portion of the impact on performance, but I like a consistent way. So that way we have less variables.

Okay. Boom. There we go.

All right. Again, if you're a frame between one and three seconds, isn't shown up on manual, take a screenshot and computer and upload as a PNG. And there you go.

All right. So we have three videos, all exactly the same, except one variable different. Okay.

Um, another way I could have done this is I could have had the same visual hook on all of them and just a different, uh, or same text hook and just a different visual hook on all of them. Okay. So all three have the same text hook, but just a different visual hook.

I could have done a different, different, uh, angles of which I film this particular girl. I could have done different girls, like one girl per video could have been a few different ways. Okay.

Another variable could have been the call to action where it's the same video, but all three of them have a different call to actions where you don't even see it towards the end. Okay. Now you will never put, uh, videos and photos in the same ad set when testing dynamic creatives.

Okay. All right. You will never do that.

All right. You will have a mixture of winning, uh, videos and winning photos in your main ad set. Okay.

This is just your testing ad sets. Okay. And you will always do the same ad concept.

Okay. Okay. The same ad concept per, um, dynamic creative tests.

So this is a zero zero one zero zero one. The ad concept was called tick tock comment. Okay.

So I'm only doing this one concept per, you know, this is one concept for this DCT. Okay. Had three other concepts to test.

I would test all three and eat another DCT. So DCT 02 for concept number two, DCT over three for, you know, concept number three. Okay.

Now we get to the primary texture here. Okay. And also make sure optimize creative for each person's turn off.

When I get to primary text right here, we're going to be including one, you know, winning body copy, and then we're going to have new body copy. Okay. All right.

Now, if you have a fresh account and you don't have any winning body copy yet, then just do two body copies that are new. Okay. Now for headline, we'll have a new headline and then we'll have a winning headline.

Okay. And that winning headline is the same one that's correlated with this winning body copy. Okay.

And then new body copy and new headline. Okay. So you have to create, uh, two, three creatives, two body copies, two headlines.

Okay. Now we got everything. Everything is good.

All right. This looks good. Now, obviously I would put, obviously I would put real copy in there, but just for this particular video.

Okay. Now I'm going to hit publish. Okay.

Now what we're going to do here is we're going to actually have our first dynamic creative test. Okay. So what I'll do from here is let's just let this kind of load up for seconds.

What I'll do here is I'll run this DCT now for a couple of days. So let's go back to our campaign really quick. Um, so here we go.

Here's our DCT. Now, again, we don't have any winning ad check because we need to find winning ads. Okay.

If you already have winning ads in the ad account, you can just move them into this main ad set and you're good to go. But for a lot of you guys watching this video, you're probably a brand new and you probably don't have winning ads yet. So that's why we created this particular ad set right here.

Um, to start testing ads. Once we find winning ads here, we'll move them into our main ad set. Okay.

So let's just say, for example, we ran this for a while and this whole ad set tanks. Okay. Then we'll, we'll turn it off and then we'll launch a new ad set.

Okay. So we'll literally just, um, I'm just going to put the sake of the video, pretend I'm just making a new ad set, a whole new approach and everything like that. Then boom, boom, you know, we add in all of our new stuff, whole new test right here.

Boom, all new creatives, stuff like that. We're doing a new test and then publish. All right.

Just pretend for the sake of this video. Okay. So we'll turn off one because one didn't perform and we launching two now.

Okay. Because one didn't perform. So you see, I'm not turning off the campaign.

This is where a lot of people make a mistake at. All right. Is that they, Oh, campaign the reformers, turn it off and let's launch a new one.

No, we keep working in this campaign until we make it profitable. Okay. Because the creatives is what drives their performance, the creative, the copy, um, the, the messaging you're amplifying.

Okay. We tested about 300 ads for one account within one year to find 30 new winning ads. Okay.

So basically one out of every 10 ads you test, one of every 10 ad concepts you test, that's going to find you a new winning ad. Okay. So just full transparency right there.

All right. So let's say for example, for O2, we ran it, we ran it and it performed amazing. And I'm gonna go over KPIs in a second for like when I'm turning these things off and turning things on and stuff like that.

Let's say we ran this for a little while. It just performed absolutely amazing. Um, I'm gonna, I'm gonna see Facebook posts with comments and I'm looking at overall performance for the ad set.

And I don't know if it's going to show yet. Let's see. It probably won't, but we'll see.

Okay. So like what it'll do is, is it'll show your, um, a list of ads right here and it'll show it by most likely to succeed and perform. Okay.

So the one that was most likely, um, that performed the best. So let's imagine this had a couple of dollars to spend on it and then boom, it'll show you the ranking. Okay.

Another way you can do this is go by breakdown and image video, see what image video worked the best breakdown, um, by, you know, texts, see which texts worked the best and then headline will work the best. Okay. Now that'll give you extra confidence to see.

Now, a lot of you guys be like, Oh, Nick, well, this headline performed the best, but it didn't get shown. And then you'll show me a headline with like $5 and spin and like one purchase and had a really crazy row as that's false. I'm not looking at things with great row as I'm looking at things with the greatest spin, the greatest spin and hitting my target CPA.

Okay. If it's barely any spin and hit my target CPA, that does not seem like I didn't, um, you know, indicate success for me. Okay.

That just shows that, Hey, this ad worked well, but only at a low budget. I'm looking at things with a lot of spin and hitting target CPA. That's a winner for me.

Okay. So when you open this and you kind of see like your, your ads in that case, and it'd be ranked by order of, uh, would perform the best. I'm gonna click on this little time right here.

Time stamp. Cause what I'm gonna show you guys is how to pull the post ID. Okay.

Now here's where things get a little interesting, right? Cause it doesn't always, you know, Facebook's been having a lot of glitches lately. So what I like to do is first off is remove this business dot right here.

I'm sure you guys a few different ways around this to pull the post ID. And then you can see right here, it's still not showing the post ID correctly. So I'm gonna click this one more time.

And then there we go. We got videos. Okay.

This is the post ID I need. Okay. Now let's go into our main ad set again, assuming O2 performed amazing.

I'm gonna go ahead and create an ad. Cause I'm pulling the post ID. Um, and just make sure it's my right campaign to the, you know, winning ad ad number one.

There we go. Continue. Now I'm gonna click on ad setup and I'm gonna click on use existing posts.

Okay. And then I'm gonna enter post ID and I'm gonna paste it in right here. Okay.

Ah, now this is interesting here. It's giving me an error. Okay.

That's good. Cause I want to actually show you guys another way to do this. I'm gonna click on view more video details.

Okay. Now this is another way to do it. And let's give it a second.

I'm looking for, I want to say it's this one right here, content ID equals, and I'm just going to copy the numbers. Okay. Now let's try this and see if this will work.

And there we go. Boom. So just another way to pull a post ID that has worked well for us.

I'm gonna go ahead and select this. And then there we go. So now we have winning ad one.

You can see right here, I pulled the post ID from the dynamic and I'm just going to hit publish. Okay. If you have a, and again, you're looking at the success of the dynamic creative test.

Okay. The whole ad sets in general. Okay.

If I have a couple of winning ads in that dynamic creative test, then all I'll simply do is I'll just pull all of them right there. So now we go back to prospecting main and we have our first post ID inside. Let's just double check really quick.

There we go. Cool. So, and then there we go.

And then once this starts taking off and getting spin, then I can turn off my dynamic creative test because we don't, you know, technically we found the winning ad, but now we can just, you know, let's spin, let it spin the main ad set. Okay. Now again, we'll launch one or two new dynamic creative tests every single week, or two to four new dynamic creative tests every week.

Okay. What I like to look at is I like to look at, like, let's say for example, today is Monday. Okay.

I launched two new DCTs. I'm gonna let it run for two days. So if I launch it at Monday at 12 AM and I'll run it till Tuesday, um, you know, or Wednesday at 12 AM, okay.

It's 48 hours. So run. All right.

If they spend more than one X, my AOV, so whatever my AOV is one times that, and they didn't get any purchases or not hitting my target CPA against target CPA that I'm looking for, then I'm going to turn it off because it's not a winner. Okay. Now, if it barely spent anything over a couple of days, that also shows that Facebook didn't like that ad.

Okay. It didn't resonate with people. It didn't perform well.

So we're also going to turn it off. Okay. Now a third thing is that it spends a lot of your budget and it's performing amazing.

That is good. Okay. Because now Facebook is having confidence that, Hey, this ad's doing really well.

We want to reward it by spending more on it. Okay. That's why we like to spend on a CBO.

We let Facebook this take, they take the budget control. Okay. So now Facebook's rewarding it and starting to spend on it.

Then we said, we can pull the post ID. We'll still leave that DCT on till it starts taking off in the main. Then we'll turn off that DCT right there.

Um, and then we're good to go. Now, again, I'm just going to keep launching DCTs. I launched two to four every single week, regardless of performance.

And I'm consistently testing new ad concepts. You know, if you, if you go look at my YouTube videos, look at like market awareness, um, you know, like market sophistication, things like that. I'm testing new ad concepts.

Um, I'm not just testing the same ad concept over and over and over. I'm testing a lot of variety of new ad concepts. Um, regardless of your performance, keep testing two to four new DCTs every single week, because what's going to happen is, is that when performance does start to tank while likelihood it's your ads that just haven't been, you know, like really performing well and you need to introduce new ads into that account right there.

So, but yeah, that's very straightforward. That's how I run the ads. That's how I set up the account and everything like that.

Um, hope this video was valuable to you. Um, a couple other videos, my channel definitely recommend you checking out is how to scale Facebook ads in 2023. I talk about like my scale rules and stuff like that.

Also to have another video on like, you know, target CPA and stuff like that. Highly recommend, um, it's something like how to scale your, your Shopify store to seven figures in 2023. Um, another really good video right there to watch for like target CPA numbers and stuff like that.

So, but yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I hope you guys have a great rest of your day. Peace out.