So in the last video, we talked about how to write Facebook ad hooks that scale. And today's video, we're going to talk about how to write Facebook ad scripts that convert. So you got the hook created.

Now what? How do you write the rest of the script? So let's dive back into it.

As mentioned, we did a, you know, kind of like an iteration or variation. We're going to call it off of one of our creatives that's already worked well. We showed how we found the kind of like the idea of why we want to go after that particular angle.

We did our hook strengthening and stuff, and we found a few different hooks we really liked. So now from here, we want to start going through that planning phase. So I said, I like three, four, seven, nine, 11 right here.

So let's just go and write those out. So number three, more creative fun than any other girls on activity. Let me just open up a new doc real quick.

Make this start pasting these in there. Boom. Paste about formatting.

Cool. Then we have four brush away stress and worries. There we go.

And then we have seven. They laughed when I sat down, basically at the piano. And number nine, boom.

And then number 11. All right, cool. So these are our, basically our girls night kind of hooks.

And we're going to critique these a little bit more. They laughed when I sat down and brought the paint by numbers. Girls night.

All right, cool. So more creative fun than any other girls night activity. So I'll actually like this one exactly how it is.

There's really not much I want to add to this. This one right here, I feel like could be a good video or could be a photo. Next one, brush away stress and worries.

I really want to say something like with the girlies. They laughed when I said I'd host girls night. But when I brought up the paint by numbers, nine out of 10 would prefer our paint by numbers for the ultimate girls night.

Who else wants an unforgivable girl night with no boring games? Okay, this one's definitely a video. This one, definitely we're going to do a photo for this one.

And then this one will definitely do a video. This one definitely a photo. And then I feel like a photo would also be good for this one right here too as well.

Now, how to decide video or photo? Okay, more creative fun than any other girls in activity. That just has a very like, okay, you know, it's just kind of more like a statement in a way.

And I feel like just those with like a good product shot would work really well. Brush away stress and worries with the girlies. I feel like that also too could show like a couple of girls together using this product and then that hook on there.

This one right here, I just feel like I could see like a girl talking to the gamer. The girls laughed when I said I'd host girls night, but when I brought up the paint by numbers, nine out of 10 women prefer our paint by numbers for the ultimate girls night. I just feel like that could be another good photo.

We could probably split test this one with this one. And then who else wants an unforgivable girls night with no boring games? I just feel like that could be a story as well.

So, you know, for here, what I like to do for like writing these scripts is, you know, number one is just looking at it from this perspective. What's the ideas that pop in my head when I start to write out the script? Now, it's a photo, right?

We don't need a script because it's a photo, but we still need to kind of have like what the plan is for the photo. And for here, more creative fun than any other girls night activity. You know, this one, I almost feel like we could do a side-by-side comparison of like other types of girls and activities they typically do.

So we could do something like that side-by-side comparison to other girls night activities. So, you know, one side showing how fun this activity is and the other being the other are the common boring activities. There we go.

So that's an easy one. Brush away stress and worries with the girlies. So here I could easily see like, you know, just a group of girls working on their painting and having a great time with each other.

That's it. I really don't, you know, I don't see anything specifically. Maybe we could potentially do like, okay, this one right here, we could do a split, split screen, one side, the above and the other side showcase.

There we go. All right. Now video, we're going to come back to the video side because I want to show you guys that one.

We're going to start with the photo ones just because those are easier, but we're going to come back for the videos. And the last photo, 9 of 10 women prefer our paint-by-numbers for the ultimate girls night. I definitely feel like this one, we could just literally kind of do the same thing here.

Group of girls painting and having time together. Yeah. So this one would be a split screen.

This will be another split screen. And this one just be, you know, some nice like product shots to girls having fun together. And again, I'd go get all this filmed with content creators.

Now, easy stuff with the photo side. Let's go a little bit more into the video side. How do we do that?

So let's go ahead and just go back to Claude. Please write me a script with this hook. I like to say Facebook video ad, video script with this hook.

Go. I also like to like make sure, make sure it is used in the first, I don't really want to call it first sentence. Sometimes I'll find that.

Let's see. We'll just, we'll not add that. Cool.

And then also something else I'm going to give you guys as well is strengthen your script of undeniable proof. And this is basically another really cool thing where it shows desire and multifacets being accomplished. So please use the elements below to strengthen the script.

Boom. All right. Let's see what we get here.

There will be some tweaking. I'll tell you that guys now, but we do have a pretty decent, you know, start to this. Cool.

Cool. Okay. We're getting a good bit here.

All right. A couple of things I want to do. Remove.

Just kind of clean this up real quick. I want to make it double spaced. That's just basically means like, I don't want to see the B roll right now.

All right. Who else wants an unforgivable girls night with no boring game? Okay.

This has been way too hard to read at the same time. All right. That's very long.

So I'm also going to do shorten by, I just like to say 50%. Let's see what we get from there. Okay, cool.

Who wants an unforgivable girls night with no boring games? Transform your girls night with our paint by numbers kit. Unleash your inner artists and create masterpieces while enjoying.

Is that the one we used? Okay. I just want to make sure.

Transform your girls night with our paint by numbers kit. Unleash your inner artists and create masterpieces while enjoying hours of creative fun. Our kit has everything you need for a successful girls night.

In just one evening, you'll create memories that last a lifetime. Don't settle for another lackluster girls night. Immerse yourself in a world of color and fun and feel the joy of creating something beautiful.

Order your paint by numbers kit and start planning the ultimate girls night. All right. That's pretty solid right there.

Yeah, I actually do like that. I do like that. It's short.

It's straight to the point. Cool. So what I'll normally do from here is then I'll go and I'll start tweaking this.

So I'll paste that in and this is going to start looking like a cluster really quick. Let's do, let me get rid of these. Boom.

Cool. So start a new page for this. All right.

Cool. All right. Who else wants an unfavorable girls night?

Transform your girls night with our paint by numbers kit. I like to have every line its own like sentence as well. All right.

Cool. And also key thing here with no boring games. We're calling out something that they previously been doing.

So this is also another key thing with this particular one. This headline pattern we're using. Our kit has everything you need for successful girls night.

And just one email create memories that last a lifetime. Oh, I like this. Who else wants unfavorable girls night with no boring games?

Transform your girls night for our paint by numbers kit. Unleash your inner artist and create masterpieces while enjoying hours of creative fun. Our kit has everything you need for a successful girls night.

And just one evening you'll create memories that'll last a lifetime. Don't sell it for another lackluster girls night. Immerse yourself in a world of color and fun and feel the joy of creating something beautiful.

So this feels good. Like it doesn't really feel too AI, which is also good. I'm also going to try one other thing.

Can you rewrite in? Boom. I'll see what happens with this.

I misspelled customer. Oh, well. Cool.

Cool. That's actually a lot better right here. This is much better.

I'm going to copy that. Let me just do. All right.

Hey, girlies. Do you want an unfavorable girls night without any boring games? I know I did.

That's why I started to try this paint by numbers kit and tell me it completely transformed our girls night. My friends and I leashed our boom boom. Okay, cool.

This actually looks good. I'm not going to keep messing around this document because it's just the formatting. It's going crazy.

So obviously I would tweak this in this document a little bit better just to improve it slightly. And then from here, because like there's a couple other things in here that I'd probably try to like reword. You know, like I think there's another one in here.

It talks about completely transformed my girl. So I love that. Everything you need for successful girl sent in one box.

You know, in just one evening, me and my besties, I made memories that last a lifetime. I probably wouldn't say made memories that last a lifetime. But in just one evening, my besties, you know, got to unwind and relax together while we catch up.

You know, I know like girl talk is a big thing right there. So maybe I could try to include something in there around like girl talk and wine and relax and had our girl talk together. Just to kind of give it that other like perspective on, you know, just essentially like giving something else to the table, you know, where it's a little bit more specific.

And also to like memories that last time, like it's just kind of over exaggerating a little too much. You know, like it's not that crazy. Right.

But what do girls want? Why do girls want that girl's night? They want to be relaxed.

They want to unwind. They want to have their girl talk. And that's what they want more over memories that last a lifetime.

Now, maybe for selling a trip to like, you know, Italy, for example. Right. And they got to paint Picasso.

Then we could say something like that in terms of memory last time. This all look good. The last thing you can do here is once you perfected your script, you can ask for, can you please provide a visual for each line?

And then that way you can start getting your B-roll and stuff. This is kind of like more of that B-roll that you would want to get your content creator to film or you go film yourself, depending on whoever is filming right there for you. So easiest way I like to say it is you write your script.

And then after you write your script, you ask yourself, how do you visually articulate each line? So group of women looking bored while playing a doll game. Cool.

You could also do a split test with this one of the girls having fun versus being bored. Typically, people love emotions, positive emotions in advertising. They don't really like to spend time on negative emotions.

So that's why I like just talking about people's problems doesn't really work well. So I'd obviously probably showcase more of a positive experience here. Same group of women now laughing and having fun while painting with the kit.

So I'd probably do both. Right. Probably have like fun group of girls from like a distance, like so just different angles of the camera right there.

And as we get talk more about the product, we get closer to the product. Close ups of the women painting, showcasing. I love that overhead shot of paint by numbers, get simply displaying its components and finished painting.

Cool. Group of women proudly holding up their completed painting, smiling and laughing together. I love that side by side comparison of a boring girls night and a fun filled paint by numbers night.

Cool. Montage of the woman enjoying the painting process, showcasing their laughter, concentration and camaraderie. Yeah, I love this.

This is good. Some good visuals. You know, I'd spend a little bit of time tweaking those as well.

But these are solid right here. Like this is a very solid script that you could technically copy and paste and send off to a creator to get filmed around this. To be able to test that particular hook.

I forgot what the hook was. Who else wants an uncomfortable girl's night with no boring games right there. So basically we got our script for, you know, a couple photo ads here, a couple video ads.

I didn't do this one, but just from a time perspective, I'm not going to do it today. What? Like five different scripts.

Now I could send off to content creators. I can send off to my graphic design team that can go create these concepts. And as usual, we'll do three different photo ads per concept.

This is a concept right here. This is a concept right here. This is a concept right here.

So we'll do three different photos for each one of these, all with the same hook. And then we'll do three different videos. Just changing the first three seconds of each one of we'll be showing the screen in the beginning for this one.

And then this one, and I'll be one, two, three, four, five different DCTs will launch for this account. And guys, that's how you write Facebook ad scripts that convert. Easy peasy.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Drop a comment below if you have any questions. I'll make sure to drop the shrifting your script document below for you guys. And that being said, hope you guys have a great year to see you all day.

My name is Nick Terrio. Peace out.