Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I have a very special guest for all of you agency owners who follow the channel. We have Joshua Johnson and he is a ex-chief operating officer for a very well-known seven-figure agency. And now he's an agency consultant that helps agencies scale to six, seven figures by improving systems and operations, sales cycles, client fulfillment.

I've learned a ton from him. And I know a lot of y'all are always asking me for agency advice. It's like, look, I don't really want to steer in that direction, but I'll definitely bring someone on the channel that can answer a lot of you, your questions.

So with that being said, I want to introduce you guys to Joshua Johnson. Welcome to the channel, man. Thanks man.

I'm excited to be here. And, uh, that was quite the introduction. I appreciated that.

That was solid 10 out of 10. Good work. Sweet.

It's only my second time doing this. So yeah, you're natural. Awesome.

Well, look, man, once you, uh, I know I just gave you an amazing like introduction or anything, but like once you, uh, kind of tell us a little bit more about your background and, you know, kind of like what you're doing right now with the agency consulting. Yeah. Yeah.

So, um, you know, I was a past chief operating officer, like you had, uh, explained for a digital marketing agency out here in Nashville, Tennessee called Welling Media, uh, primarily a creative agency, but we also had a paid ads department at a social media management department as well. And, uh, you know, if we had the opportunity to grow and scale that pretty rapidly, we started in 2018 with that agency and ended up growing it to about a $4 million a year, uh, revenue, which was really exciting. It was like, I don't know, we were pretty young at the time and it was like, what do we even do with this type of money?

It's insane. Uh, yeah. And so we had about a 25 person team.

Most of those people on the creative side, uh, once again, we just kind of found this like a little niche with, you know, creating e-com, uh, uh, creatives. And so, uh, we scaled that underwent an acquisition back in December of last year. And after that acquisition decided to take a little, uh, step away from the agency and start this consultancy, um, around, uh, helping digital marketing agency scale.

And so essentially what we help do is one, like either make you more profitable as an agency or help you to put yourself in a better place for an acquisition. Cause a lot of agencies love to undergo acquisitions. It's like the whole dream.

The goal is to undergo an acquisition one day. So we help with, with both of those things. Um, you know, the, the co-founders of what we do, we've all of us have undergone, uh, four agency acquisitions in total, um, have led teams up to a hundred plus people.

And so, um, you know, we have a really strong foundation around, uh, around the type of knowledge that we're bringing to the marketplace. And so we've kind of found this like little niche inside of the agency space that is, that is like operational consulting. Uh, and so we help just implement systems and, and help, uh, you know, kind of pinpoint a lot of pain, uh, that agencies are kind of fighting through, uh, that we've been through before ourselves and help get them to that next point.

And it's, uh, you know, kind of just fixing, fixing the biggest pain point one piece at a time. And, uh, yeah, it's really exciting, man. It's, it's been a fun journey so far and we've learned a lot in the past, uh, 10 months of doing this.

So yeah, that's kind of where we're at today. Dude, that's impressive. I don't think I know anyone that's kind of going through four agency acquisitions.

That's insane. Yeah. Yeah.

Our, our team is, our team is solid. Um, you know, uh, we've, we've really put together a strong group of people that, uh, you know, we've kind of taught each other and then also, um, you know, put together a really solid curriculum and we don't really do like any like coursework or anything like that. Like we do everything one-on-one, but like the curriculum that we've kind of collected for ourselves, things like the templates and all the, uh, infrastructure that we helped put into place for agencies.

Um, it's like the brainchild of three, uh, past agency executives that have, you know, grown in scale teams to a tremendous, and I'm, I'm the smallest one on that, on that chart. Uh, I had the smallest agency, so, um, I'm, I'm, I'm the small fish, you know? So.

Dude, that's impressive. And I like, I think that's like the biggest thing I've learned, you know, just being friends with you talking a lot with you and everything is that there's this conception of like, when you're first starting your agency, okay, Hey, look, I'm gonna start, I'm gonna just hire a media buyer, help out with some of the fulfillment, or I'm gonna do it all myself until I can afford a media buyer than a hard media buyer. And then the media bar just do everything for me.

And then I'll just keep getting them clients or her clients. And that's like a huge, huge misconception. Um, because there's so much stuff that gets involved once you cross that mark and then like with operational stuff of like systems of, you know, just like employees checking in every morning, like there's a whole bunch of systems around that and like keeping a good culture and everything.

And I think that's like the biggest thing I've learned from you. And like that takeaway from going, like, let's say from 10 K a month to going 50, a hundred, you know, 300 K a month in terms of revenue and everything. And like, just how important is that?

Like just having those operations and everything and like how maybe someone start today of just like, what are some of the few components? If I have a few clients and like, what are some of the first few operations I need to start like kind of fine tuning in my agency? Sure.

Well, and I think you can kind of speak to this is that what I love about the agency space is that at the beginning, when you start, like you can be a gun gunslinger. Like it doesn't, you don't need a whole lot of system in place. Like you can take on a decent amount of clients yourself and not have a ton of systems in place.

But when you start bringing on even your first employee is when those systems really need to start getting flushed out because you know, you have a certain way that you want to do it right. And you want it done the correct way. And chances are you provide, you can provide the best results for your clients.

Well, it's like, that's not sustainable and that's not scalable over a long period of time. And so we need to get the information inside of your head out into some sort of system and to get that delegated to another person on the team. And so when you're looking at, you know, delegating systems, we want to make sure that we can, you know, put it in.

Yeah. I like like visual representation of systems. Like I'm a big fan of like video loom videos.

I'm just, you know, I feel like most, um, you know, people in the agency space, they just do well watching and like seeing the buttons you're pushing and seeing the process that you go through, through like a loom recording, or, uh, if you're like in a creative department, I'm a huge fan of like doing like the GoPro strapped to the head and creating, like, like show them like how to set up like the camera settings on that camera or the lighting setups or whatever it is, you know, um, you want to actually show them how to like capture those systems. And so, uh, I'm not a huge fan of like the list, like listing out those systems, but that was kind of like a really long winded answer for, for what you were asking there. But yeah, like it's so crucial that as soon as you start bringing out employees, you need to have systems in place or start creating systems.

And a lot of times they're inside of our head already. Like, like, you know, exactly how to set up these ad campaigns, but you're going to want your team to set them up probably pretty similar to you. So that's where you just start whatever position you hire on, whether that's fulfillment or client success first, uh, you know, you're going to want to extract that information out of your head, record it into some sort of system, and then start collecting a database of all the different pieces of your business that can be delegated away once you have the system in place for it.

So, um, you know, at the beginning, like, yeah, you can gunsling and you can do things, uh, fly by the seat of your pants. Uh, and that's totally fine. But as you start to bring on teammates systems become crucial.

I like that. And there's a few things you said in there that really sparked managers for one, do you have some SOPs of a GoPro on someone's head setting up camera? Yeah.

You know, uh, this is, this is something that kind of came to, uh, uh, came to mind after I was out of the agency space. I was like, you know, there seems to be this huge gap in the space for SOPs in the agency space because it moves so fast and it doesn't seem like people are willing to follow written out SOPs. And that's how we used to do things.

And even when I was in the agency space, like no one would follow the SOPs that I would put in place, um, which it was like, fine. Like we, we made it and, and, and, you know, but it didn't feel comfortable, you know? And then I started listening to a guy named Mike Michalowicz, uh, who is, uh, an author and, and podcaster, YouTuber.

Um, but kind of like a systems expert, it's actually who I've learned a lot of, uh, you know, what I've applied, uh, in my, in my business. Um, that's who I've learned from is Mike Michalowicz. He's written books like profit first clockwork, um, fix this next.

And he talks about in clockwork, the, the idea of capturing systems versus creating systems. And so he says like, people are not, you know, as likely to follow systems that are put into a list. And it's like, if you have like a bullet pointed checklist, it's like, you're following it step by step by step.

Chance are people aren't going to, you know, follow that too closely. So it's nice to have that visual representation, like showing them the buttons to click. And one of the ones that he talks about is, you know, if you're in a package of like showing someone how to package a box, and this is like the best example, like you would, you know, fold the box, you'd probably take the bottom half.

You'd put, you know, some, maybe some bubble wrap at the bottom of the box and then put the product inside while we're up on the top and then you'd close the box. Right. Well, you know, what if during that something gets, you know, misconstrued of how to actually package that box, if it's in a, you know, a less detailed list, you know, something could happen there.

Right. And that's a pretty simple example. Like I'm sure you could figure that out in a bullet pointed list, but you can actually just show someone how to package that box.

Like, Hey, like, this is what I'm doing, like physically with my hands and showing them it's more of a visual representation. Then you can also add audio into it as well. So now they're not just learning through a visual representation.

They're learning through an auditory representation of what you want them to do. And it's chances are that it's going to stick with them a little bit more throughout that process. So that's how I like to capture systems.

It's in my opinion, like probably one of the best ways that agencies can get their team on board because most people in the agency space are going to be pretty creative minded. Your copywriters, creatives, even media buyers are somewhat creative. Like, yeah, a little bit more data driven sometimes, but you know, for the creative mind, you need to have some visual learning for them.

And I want to leave you guys with like a really epic quote that I tell my agency all the time is that people believe what they see, not what they hear. So it comes from a multitude of different perspectives right there of one, just like one for SOPs. It makes things so much smoother to just showing clients, case studies, showing clients, results and everything.

Three showcasing stuff online. Like, it's something that we just live by in our sales process everywhere in the agency. And I think that works really well for SOPs as well to actually just show someone, all right, here's how you do it.

It also too can streamline the process of how long it takes that person to learn it. And I love that you said about like the visual of SOPs because that just reaffirms my bias towards how I'm refilming a lot of my SOPs right now in my agency. It could take me 30 minutes to type up a doc on how to run ads or like how to set up a campaign where it takes me three minutes to film a quick loom video of how to duplicate this campaign and why.

So like, it's so much quicker. Yeah. And as you bring on really awesome media buyers, and as you bring on more talented people, and sometimes they're going to be more talented than you, then you can get multiple perspectives on your SOPs.

It doesn't necessarily need to be like, Hey, Nick's way is the only way, because as you know, campaign setups are completely different for people. Like, you're not going to have one campaign setup that's going to be identical to the other one. Right.

And so like, you can put together a list of best practices, Hey, set up campaigns like Nick, Hey, set up campaigns like Susie. You know, you can, you can have multiple perspectives and people can go in and be like, Hey, like, you know, now I know how Nick sets it up and how Susie sets it up. And I can, you know, even bring in my own iterations and, you know, create my own SOPs around this.

So it allows for some flexibility within those standard operating procedures. And you will have things that will, you know, in your standard operating procedures, it's like, Hey, this is how we do it. And like, this is like, you know, the almost like, you know, assembly line type process that we have in place.

And like, you'll have those from time to time, like onboarding should be very assembly line ask of, you know, it's like the same thing, same time. It's the same client experience. It's incredible when we onboard someone, but when it comes to campaign setup, there needs to be some fluidity, flexibility with how we set those things up.

Yeah. I agree with that. And I definitely think it's, it's crucial too.

It's just, it's, you know, it's kind of like turning your agency into more of like, like a McDonald's. Like they literally have this certain time for a hamburger before it needs to be flipped. How long the fries need to go?

Like, if you go look at like the founder movie, like they'll like talk to me getting all like five minutes of fries are too crunchy, three minutes, they're too soft. So four minutes is perfect. So yeah, like having all that allows you to continuously replicate results for your clients, replicate that consistency of the onboarding, consistent with the communication and stuff.

And then at one point you'll be able to kind of step back and your whole team will operate without bugging you every single day of like, Hey, what about this? What about this? What about this?

So just to kind of reinforce the fact of like why you need systems in your business and how important it is to really dive into. Now we touched on Loom and how great Loom is. What is a great way to like, okay, cool.

I know when you put some systems together, what is maybe a few things I should look at? I know you talked about the ads manager, maybe the sales process. Like what are some of the first few systems I should look at of like just putting together and then putting somewhere to like review?

Yeah. Yeah. Great, great question.

So, you know, essentially you're going to want to start with whoever you hire first, right? So have systems for the people that are employed in your business. And so if it's a media buyer, great.

Start creating some media buying systems. If you have an, you know, an account manager, a client success agent, sweet, like start creating some systems around that for onboarding. So it's as people come onto your team and you're delegating more off of your plate, whatever you're delegating off your plate, create a system for it, you know, take them through it.

Just you're doing the task in real time. Like one of the worst ways to create systems is actually like, you know, sitting down and saying, okay, I'm going to document a system. And you're like writing it down step by step.

The best way to document a system is by actually doing it because you're doing it real time and you're not slowing that process down and thinking, you know, okay, like what comes next in this step, it's going to be a lot more natural. You're not going to miss as many things when, when doing it in real time and doing it live for like an actual setup. So that's where to start whatever you're delegating away.

Um, and then as you delegate more away, create more systems. And then what's nice is like, you don't have to create, you know, your entire business of systems a year down the road. Like you have things that you're putting in place as you go and it's much less of an overhaul, um, in the long run.

So it's like, just, just get started, like create one system at a time. And, uh, you know, overall, uh, and, you know, as far as like storage goes, I'm a huge fan of like, you know, you could do like something as simple as Google drive to store those videos. And it's like, you can have a database there, but I'm a big fan of actually using, uh, an app called notion.

Um, it's relatively cheap. And what I love about notion is that you can put like tags on, on those and actually filter by tags. So if you're like looking for something specifically for media buying, you could filter by all your media buying SOPs and filter them all into, you know, one look.

Right. And so you can, you can really, uh, help your team find what they're looking for fast, uh, with, with a filterable, um, database. So just a little, little key, key trick there.

Yeah. And I think like notions, like, well, like $5 a month. It's so cheap.

It's so cheap. Yeah. I, uh, I use it just for some of like my own, like learning notes and stuff, but, um, you know, it's, it's really great for SOPs and like storage.

Um, but if not, you could just use Google drive that works too, or you can use other project management softwares. Um, you know, you can store them in a bunch of different places. So.

That's awesome. And I think just to give you guys a little tip is like, as you start to record these, you know, using loom or whatever, like you're recording them and you start storing them in a notion, uh, notion, you can actively go ahead and just record them as you're doing the work to where you can like, all right, Hey, I'm about to go set up a campaign and ads manager. Hey, let me just pop open loom real quick and record it as I do it.

So then you actually have something you can go back in. Um, you know, you don't have to actually go away and create and stage something. You just crawl right there.

Yeah. Yeah. That's the best way to do it right there.

That's awesome. And I know we kind of touched on it again. Why is it just to kind of reinforce the fact, why is it so important to have all these just documents it down?

Yeah. Cause you know, at the end of the day, if you are looking to one cashflow your business, um, and, and create some more profit and eventually take a step away from the business, you need to have systems in place. Uh, if you don't like if, if, uh, a lot of the fulfillment still lays on your shoulders, you're never stepping away.

Like you're never dealt delegating fulfillment. You're never delegating decisions away because everything is inside of your head. And then second piece, if you want to go undergo an acquisition, you're never going to go undergo a really good acquisition.

If everything is once again, inside of your head and the company is completely reliant on you, like it's the biggest turnoff when, when you go under an acquisition is, you know, if you don't have systems in place, like you need to be replaceable, uh, and you need to be willing to, you know, uh, kind of remove your ego from your process. And I always tell people, if you can get your team doing, uh, the tasks that you used to do at about 85, 90% of like your, uh, like how efficient you used to do it, it's worth delegating at that point. Uh, you know, and your clients probably won't see a difference, uh, in that.

So, and, you know, that's part of like teaching your team and, and, you know, being okay with making some mistakes, like it's going to happen. You have to be okay with that. Nice.

Nice. And what is your favorite thing to delegate first? So it's always split for me.

Um, personally, I'm a big fan of delegating like client success away first. Um, because I want my clients to, to understand like, Hey, like, you know, time with me, um, isn't 100% necessary. I'm going to have someone be like the client facing person and taking most of the communication off of my plate while I still handle fulfillment.

Um, I've also seen it done the other way where people delegate fulfillment first and they're the person staying in communication. The only thing I don't like about that is it makes your, your clients more reliant on you over the longterm. So the faster you can remove, like kind of like that client relationship, um, from you as the founder, uh, the easier that transition is going to be, the longer you keep them there and the longer you're like, you're the person like, Hey, like, you know, how are things going?

I want to make sure that you're feeling good. Like that's going to be a harder transition down the road than fulfillment will be. So I always recommend client success first, then fulfillment, but it could be swapped either way.

It's just personal recommendation or personal preference at that point. Yeah. I think you made a really great point there of just getting that client relationship, not outsourced, but like essentially like delegated off to a team member immediately.

Um, because yeah, you definitely create some level of dependency from the client's perspective on you. Whereas now like, all right, cool. Nick's there.

Like Nick's going to make sure I perform, but the specific people I need to talk to are, you know, these specific people right here and you can still like check in on it. You can still make appearances and stuff, but you know, for immediate things like here's the people there that's going to assist you for that. And I think that's, that's, that's really great.

Uh, that's definitely something that I'm sort of recognized too, as well as, as we start to scale and everything. So what is like the biggest difference, I guess you could say between someone that is maybe doing 10 K a month and then someone doing, let's say even 50 K a month with their agency. Yeah.

Yeah. So as you start to, you know, when you're in the 10 K range, like you're probably still doing a lot of the fulfillment, like 10 K, like in my opinion, you should be managing your agency probably by yourself. Uh, I don't think you should have an employee at 10 K.

Um, once you start crossing like that 20, 25 K mark is when things will start to get a little heavy, uh, for, for you as like a solopreneur. And so things will need to start getting delegated away at that point. And so that's when you need to make that decision of, Hey, do I bring on someone, um, you know, for fulfillment or client success?

Like, what do I like, and also you have to understand, like, what do I not really like doing? Um, that's another kind of key factor of like, Hey, like, I don't really want to talk to my clients. Like, you know, it's like, they're pulling a lot of my time away where I could be working on, you know, some other high level tasks.

So, um, you know, and then as you scale the 50 K something that you're going to, um, want to start establishing is like, you know, your team culture, like, you know, it's so important to establish like, Hey, like, you know, how we're hiring people, how we're bringing people on, like, you know, you need to start thinking about things like, um, you know, 90 day probationary periods of like, when we do bring someone on, it's like, Hey, you know, we know that not everyone's going to be a perfect fit for our culture. And so you need the ability to pivot and shift quickly and like, exit people from your company if needed, because a lot of times there's a lot of pain that happens when you're starting to hire rapidly of you have someone cancerous on your team that you don't get rid of for six, eight months, right? You let them kind of stay around and they get stagnant and they get cancers within the organization.

So you need to have the ability to pivot quickly and to bring on new people and exit people quickly. So, um, yeah, I don't, I don't even know where I was going with that, but it sounded just incredible to me. So I just went for it.

No, no, I love that. And you did make a great point right there. Like hiring the wrong people is such a big issue that a lot of agencies have.

And like, sometimes it might be like, Oh, that's a really great deal and get that person for really cheap. But then you realize that person is on their train. You realize he or she can't perform on what they promised.

And then you have to spend so much time training them that it actually would just be quicker for you to do the task yourself. Then you fall back into that trap of doing everything yourself. You let them go.

And then you just wasted six months of your time. And then, you know, you gotta go back to that whole process again. So like it's so much quicker and so much more worth it.

Or just hiring someone, one that's well-qualified, um, always try to hire someone better than you. I forgot where I heard specifically that from, you know, one of the top CEOs. And then it kind of stuck with me.

It's like always hire someone that's better than you. And a lot of agency owners have this ego. That's like, you know, my way or the highway.

And yes, there is some levels to that. I think it's, it's all about like, here's the operational rules you need to, you need to, uh, work within, but within that you're a full freedom to do what you do best. Right.

Yeah. If, if you want to have a fast growing agency, like your team needs to be better at their craft than you, um, you know, uh, that's kind of like the three levels of business, right? Like level one in this, where everyone starts is you are taking on the deli, like you're taking on the fulfillment, you're taking on the decision-making of your business.

And then eventually you move to level two, which you're starting to get into right now, Nick, which is, Hey, like I'm delegating a lot of the labor way where I'm not doing as much of the labor and, uh, but I'm still making a lot of high level decisions. Uh, and then where, where things really start to get fun and you start to grow even more rapidly is when you get to this level three of your delegating the labor and your delegating decisions. Like you're not like, you have a C suite, maybe at this time you have a chief marketing officer, you have a cheap operating officer.

And these people are pulling the levers within your business. They're making the decisions for you and your team because one they're specialized, they're probably smarter than you in those positions. And so you can just kind of help, like from like a high level point of view, like, yeah, you can help make some high level decisions, but you are enabling them to make some of those high level decisions and most of those high level decisions.

So you can one, uh, continue to network even more, bring in, you know, uh, more sales for your company and have a well-oiled machine there, but also gives you the opportunity to go into other ventures. So if you wanted to get into real estate and have like a really awesome real estate portfolio, guess what? You're gonna have to study and you're gonna have to learn what it takes to actually do that.

So now you have the time to actually do that while your team runs this for you. Right. And then, uh, and then from an acquisition perspective, it's the best place to be, uh, you know, when you get acquired, if you're still very heavily in the decision-making and film it, it shows that the business cannot run without you.

So you will not sell for a high multiple or sell at all. Yeah. That's a great point right there.

And like, if you're, if you want your business to be acquired and investors looking or, you know, another business owner is looking for something that's completely automated because if you're doing all the work, no one wants to buy your business because all they're going to do is take on all your problems you currently have. And no one wants to take on your problems. They want to, they want to buy a well operating machine.

And, uh, I know, you know, before I started the agency, I used to be a business owner. I used to own a, um, auto detailing business. And when I exited, I exited for nothing.

I didn't sell it. I didn't, you know, I didn't sell my half. I literally just signed a paper that says I'm no longer part of this.

And a lot of people ask me why. And it's like, because all it was is we were doing all the work, you know, we had, we had an employer too, but there was no real value there for like someone to buy into. Um, and that's a big thing too.

And I know you mentioned profit first. That's a great book to read. Um, but also to, um, it's like the product book where it teaches you how to product, uh, productize your service-based business.

I'm trying to think of exactly which one that is called. Built to sell. Yes.

Yes. I think every agency owner, if you don't hop on a call with Josh, then at least read built to sell as that's going to put you miles ahead of the competition at your stage. A hundred percent, man.

That's, uh, you know, really, uh, it's funny cause it's such a short book and, and, and really it's, uh, uh, it's, it's more of like a story. It's not even like a tactical book at all, but you pick up so many like little things from it that you're just like, yes, this is like how I need to run my business. And, um, you know, when you can like more productize things within your business, it makes you very attractive for an acquisition.

Uh, and that book kind of shows you what it takes to do that, uh, through like a specifically an agency model. It's a, it's a logo design, um, uh, uh, agency that the book talks about. And so they niche down to just logo design.

It's pretty cool. Uh, so yeah, highly recommended built to sell. Love it.

Love it. And yeah, that's it. That's probably one of my favorite books, top five books right there.

It's, it's amazing. It's really good book. Now, last question before we end this, you have anything around acquisition from agency.

So like, Hey, grow my agency. What works now for acquisition? As I feel like there's a ton of different methods out there.

A lot of them are starting to come become dated and then there's a lot more competition now. So what works well for agency acquisition of getting more clients to be able to fulfill that side? Yeah.

So you're saying like more like, how are you, how are you like gaining more clients? Like as far as like lead generation goes, okay, got it, got it. Yeah.

Um, you know, I've always leaned into more of an organic approach when it came to lead generation. Um, once you have a more established name, uh, I've seen agencies that have done very well on like paid ads and, and being able to actually, um, you know, uh, put out advertisement that will convert, uh, it's just when you're a smaller agency and you don't have the name to, uh, be able to go into paid advertisement. It just, for me, like I haven't seen it worked yet, but I've yet to seen a very successful agency that has not leaned extremely hard into relationships and their organic presence.

Um, you know, going and speaking on stages, getting in the right rooms, paying for masterminds, um, you know, just being around the right people will help you generate the right leads. And then also doing good work. If you have the ability to get results for your clients, you will grow.

Like you'll create client advocates. They'll introduce you to people because at the end of the day, like, you know, if you're helping a business grow, other people are going to see that. And they're gonna say, Hey, like, you know, uh, Nick, what, like, who are you working at?

Like, what are you doing? Like you're making twice as much as you used to make like who, well, I started working with Josh and Josh is absolutely killing it for us. And, you know, he's taught me this, this, and this, and, you know, Hey, let me introduce him to you.

He's a great dude. Um, you know, he'll, he'll take you from this place to this place. And essentially like, I just got like the hottest lead ever.

Like it's one of your friends who said like, yeah, like, you know, these have been my results. He could probably do this for you too. Uh, and so that is really one of the best formulas is like almost like a, you know, referral type program.

Um, that will, but it all revolves around results. Like if, if you're losing clients because you don't get the results for them, you'll never scale. And so that's the key is like, you have to figure out results first.

Okay. If you're churning clients out, if clients are dropping out of your ecosystem within three, four months, you have a problem there and you have to fix that first, uh, without that, um, you can pull every trick in the book. Um, but you know, if you look at, at, you know, agencies like right hook, digital structured, social, um, you know, for media marketing, um, human group, all these guys do excellent work, like top tier, they get, they get their clients results.

They put themselves in the right rooms. If you follow these CEOs on Instagram, Facebook, they're constantly at masterminds are constantly getting in the right rooms with the right people. And, uh, yeah, those are the two main things and they're putting a presence out there.

That's kind of unmatched. And it's like, I always talk about this with some of my agency. I was just like, well, yeah, like, you know, so-and-so Nick Shackford has 25,000 followers on Instagram.

And it's like, yeah, but he didn't start there. You know, everyone starts at zero and it's like, you can't look at, you know, where someone is currently at and they're like writing their book in the chapter they're on because you're just starting writing your book. And so kind of have to keep your head down and kind of see what they did in the past and know that like, Hey, it's been a long process.

You know, I'm sure the first year of their agency is very similar to where, where you're at now. So. Yeah, I love it.

And you know, the process and the journey is so important. And I think patience is something that you just really have to establish. Um, I, I knew for me for, you know, in my perspective, like our YouTube channel was just really starting to gain that momentum and that traction and stuff, but it's like, you know, a year ago we were getting 50 views a video and like five likes maybe three likes.

So like at the time, you know, it was very difficult to see forward, um, of like, Oh, this is going to take forever. But I knew long-term that we would get there. Um, we're still very far away where we need to be, but we're growing at that rate that like, Hey, like, let's keep this up, you know, I'm patient being patients and all that, that does really comes down to play too, as well across your journey.

Um, but yeah, no, it's, it's, it's really great. I think organic is probably like one of the best acquisition channels you can focus on right now. And then exactly like Josh said, like it comes down to results.

If you can't get results for clients, then like your problem is not acquisition. Your problem is results. And you need to focus on how can you deliver those results, whether it's train up, whether it's go work for another agency and then just get good at that or getting connected with someone that's really good at results, but hates sales.

And then you're doing a partnership deal with them to where you're both are, uh, you know, essentially like benefiting each other. Yeah. Yeah.

If, if you're looking to start an agency right now, uh, don't, um, like as far as like, if you don't have a lot of experience, um, go work for someone first, learn, you know, get results for clients under them. Uh, and, and then you can take those results and use them in case studies. Uh, because at the end of the day, like, yeah, like, you know, don't get me wrong.

Like it's that agency's results that you helped with, but you can bring those results with you. Right. And you could say like, Hey, like I worked on, you know, these level campaigns, I produced these types of results.

Now you have case studies going into a brand new business. Eventually you can get there, but there's power in working for another agency for two to three years and just gaining all the knowledge that you possibly can and be very transparent with, with these agencies going into it. Like, Hey, like my goal is to start an agency in three years.

I'm here to learn as much as possible. I'm going to kill it for you. Uh, and they'll respect that and they'll help you get to that point.

Uh, and if they don't, you can find an agency that will help you get there. Cause that's the mindset of most of the agency owners I've met at least. Nice.

Nice. Yeah. Love it, man.

Well, look, I think this was just an absolutely value packed conversation and everything. Um, I think there's a lot of key takeaways from here. There's even a few that I'm gonna take away from here too, as well.

So, um, absolutely amazing job, uh, Josh. Now let me ask you this, um, where can people find you? And then also too, do you have anything for them?

Uh, any offers or anything like that you, you want to kind of toss in? Yeah, absolutely. Um, I do have a free course.

It's like, uh, the three systems keeping your agency from scaling, uh, it's a hundred percent free. Um, I mean, I guess technically it's not free. Cause you have to give me your email.

I'm a, I'm a marketer at heart, right? Uh, so you exchange an email for, for three, uh, three free course modules. Um, so if you want to pick that up, you can, um, yeah, places you can find me, Instagram, pretty much any social network.

I did start a YouTube channel because Nick, uh, Nick did, um, uh, convince me and was the inspiration behind me launching my YouTube channel. So, uh, I've got that going on right now. So, um, you know, subscribe to this channel and then go subscribe to my channel too.

You know, that's pretty much it. That's that's, those are my only pitches right there. Okay.

And where can they find you at on Instagram or YouTube? Yeah. Yeah.

Josh, the Kobayashi on Instagram, uh, Twitter. I don't think it's on like that on LinkedIn. I think I'd get banned from LinkedIn having, having a goofy name like that.

Uh, and then, uh, YouTube is just Joshua Johnston. Um, so you could find me in those places. Awesome.

Awesome. Well, yeah, definitely. And if this video does really well, uh, let's say if we get 50 likes on this video and you know, maybe 20, 30 comments on there, uh, we can do a part two where we can talk more in depth of, um, just drop a comment below of what you want.

And we can talk more in depth around that with like agency scaling and everything. Um, like I said, I know, you know, we primarily have e-comm people that watch this channel, but we do have a portion of, uh, agencies too, that follow us. And they're always asking me questions.

I'm like, look, that's not my specialty, but if you want someone that knows how to grow agencies and scale them and operations, everything, Josh is the man to go to, um, that's his expertise. So definitely give him a follow on social media and everything. Um, you have any last words before we hop off?

No, that's it, man. If, if, if we get those, those metrics, though, if we get those comments and views and all of that, um, I'll, I'll do, we'll, we'll do like a giveaway or something and we'll give away some agency consulting for free. Um, we'll, we'll figure something out on that.

And I think that'd be cool. Epic. Well, Josh, it was a pleasure having you on today and a really great talk.

A lot of keys, so yeah, man, I appreciate you having me. Awesome. Well, you take care and this will be it for the video today.

Thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button, uh, new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Let me know if you would love to have Josh back on.

Let's give this video to 50 likes. We'll do part two drop comment below, which you would love for him to speak on next with scaling an agency and, uh, yeah. See you guys later.

Peace out.