Today, I want to show you how to scale Facebook ads fast with viral AI UGC ads, something recently that we started testing with some of our clients and it's been working really well. Just to show you all an example real quick, we had this one particular ad back in March, spent over $13,000 driving over 434 purchases for this particular client, it's all profitable and helping us spend more with Facebook ads. Now, just to show you all the creative and the kind of the example of what we'll be kind of going into and creating today, here is my dad is going to turn off audio here for a second, but you'll see one, this AI creator down here, we'll have some captions and then also a mix of B-roll.

And these work really well to kind of help create what I would say, like you can already do voiceovers and stuff with captions and some B-roll but just adding this extra element of someone talking just helps add this extra layer of creating this organic, more natural looking piece of content specifically for advertising Facebook. So that being said, I'll actually show you all today how to create this going through creating the script going through creating the actual AI avatar, and then also to how you can edit it real quick and then upload it. So let's dive into ChatGPT first.

Instead of ChatGPT, I just started a whole new thread or chat, whatever you call it. And I just simply uploaded all of my product info, basically everything my product does, everything, all my features, my product reviews, all those good things. And then I spent some time researching the market to understand what's going on in the marketplace around my product, did a bunch of research around my avatar, different desires, problems, symptoms, all those good things, put in a doc.

And I basically just uploaded to ChatGPT and said, hey, one of these was my product info doc. The other one's my product research doc. Please only use these for the next couple things in this thread itself.

And all this does is just simply give ChatGPT the only data to think about versus just using ChatGPT freely and allowing it to do whatever research with no real direction. Now, next thing is I'll basically just went and said, hey, as an Instagram influencer with over a million followers that my target audience looks up to, please create me a list of hooks. And all we simply did was had ChatGPT go ahead and run me a list of these hooks.

And this particular product was just a product I found real quick online as an example product. This is not an actual product we're promoting right now. So just being very clear on that.

It's just a simple example product for today's video. So here it gave me a couple different hooks from ChatGPT. Sipping this replaced my afternoon coffee forever.

If you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this tea hack. I ditched energy drinks for this one game-changing tea. Secret to feeling vibrant all day, no jitters, my new obsession for energy without anxiety.

And I really liked hook number two, because it's calling out a specific group of people, people who are crashing by 3 p.m. And then it's introducing a new solution for that particular problem or you could say symptom basically. Now, all I did was tell ChatGPT that.

I basically just said, hey, using this hook, if you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this tea hack. As the first sentence, please finish the rest of the script using a blend of ethos, pathos, and logos messaging. This is just the three types of like parts of basically like kind of the brain and types of like how we see messaging and stuff and the types of people, how they respond to that.

And all it did was is it went and created me a script using that particular hook right there. So if you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this tea hack. As someone who teaches yoga, runs a wellness blog, juggles a packed schedule, I know firsthand how draining afternoons can feel.

I've tried everything, coffees, energy drinks, even adaption and powders, but nothing aligned perfectly with my natural lifestyle. So notice how we're calling these things out to align with the level of market sophistication our markets at by just completely acknowledging the fact there is other solutions. And this particular video is not around those particular solutions itself.

You know, feeling exhausted right around 3 p.m. energy plummets, just being relatable, logical. Here's the truth.

Typical caffeinated drinks spike your energy, basically just calling out the fact that, you know, most caffeinated drinks spike energy, make sure you're generating a crash, aka people drink like coffee during the day. And then introducing the solution right here, which is basically our product. And then what makes our product basically the superior product to go for.

So this is a pretty good script, but I'd say it's like 100% perfect. No, but for something that we create in JetGPT, like literally within like five minutes, I think this is a pretty good script. So I just kind of give it a couple more things.

Can you give me the script without the big headlines? Okay. I want to remove these things right here.

And then also to do not use any of these things. That's just an easy way. You can also tell something was written by JetGPT.

And then it just gave me my script perfectly right here. And then next thing I did was I just simply said, Hey, add B roll for each of these lines. So now that we have a script, we can go and start making our AI avatar.

So I'm just going to copy this right here. And what we're going to use today is a software called Arcads. Arcads is the sponsor of today's video.

But as mentioned multiple times before, I only work with sponsors. I actively work with, and I've created hundreds of ads with Arcads. So I'm only promoting these, this particular service and software just due to the fact that like they actually create a really great product.

And what this allows you to do is literally go ahead and give a script to Arcads and literally go and create content. Pretty realistic. There is a lot of videos inside of different actors you can leverage with Arcads that I personally came and tell the difference between is this real or if this was done with Arcads.

So I'm gonna give you all four tour of how it works. I'll show you all an example of like fast pacing real quick. You need to see what we were able to get out with just this script right here.

If you crash, literally see a girl talking, her voice sounds phenomenal. And she's going and going through that particular script right there. Her face, her head's moving a little bit.

There is some that move a lot more than others in terms of like walking around their house and stuff. So depending on kind of what you're looking for, you can create some really good stuff here. And just from like foolproof that we've actually used this software, I've done, like I said, hundreds already examples and like actual ads for our clients with Arcads.

So this is not necessarily the, you know, just paying it and using it for the first time, but yeah. So with that being said, let's dive into Arcads. We're just gonna go ahead and I'm just gonna create like a new project real quick for you guys.

Here is where we can copy and paste in our script. Now, as you paste in your script, a couple of things with just like kind of like going through your script and stuff, you want to avoid any like crazy emojis, like pretty much any of this stuff you want to avoid. So I kind of just took that out beforehand.

Sometimes the scripts may say things different. Like if I, if I say number one and do the pound sign one, sometimes it won't come out correctly. So I literally, literally need to always make sure I'm typing things out that I want said.

So if I say, if I want to say number one, I want to literally type out number and then type out one. I don't want to just put like pound sign one. So you want to stick to more just words.

It kind of helps make things sound better. And then what you can do here is you can click on talking actors. This is what I specifically want today, but you can also do gestures, which is like literally just getting someone to act something out.

There's no audio or anything like that, but like you can make someone laugh. You can make someone jump up and down and excited. You can make someone fall asleep like those types of things.

But today I'm just going to do talking actors today and then make sure it's a text to speech right here. And then I'm going to add in our actors. Now there's hundreds of actors to choose.

Hey, you on our cats. I would say for me, when I'm picking out an actor, it's first just understanding, okay, male or female. Then after male or female, is it more younger or is it older?

So like, for example, for this one, I'm going to do female. And then like, I could do a young adult, for example, or I can do adult, or I can do a senior, or I can do a kid depending on like where I want to go. For this one, I'll do more young adult, just because of the type of nature we have.

And you can also favorite like some actors. So like, if you find an actor for a particular brand, you're working with right now. And you know, hey, you welcome to our cat.

I'm like, hey, I like to save those my favorites. A couple of these ones I've saved for favorites. So have worked well for us in the past.

And then there's all two different type of like, you can say, like payment plans and stuff. And there's kind of like the more basic one, which you welcome to HD and stuff like that. But you can also get exclusive for pro, which is just like one little higher level like payment plan, which gives you, hey, you welcome, you know, even higher, more better creators itself, which is the plan I use.

To be fair, I found really good ones on pro. I've also found plenty of them that also work really well in the first level plan. So you can easily start off with the first level plan and then upgrade to the pro as you start seeing and you want to invest.

Hey, you welcome to our cats. First thing you do, obviously, just pick a creator. You can also pick a few creators at a time.

Hey, you welcome to our cats on this creator right here, just because like kind of hitting on like this natural wellness type angle. And we're also I think we're literally calling out the fact about like wellness and yoga in this particular script right here. Tried everything from coffee to drinks.

Let's see. As someone who teaches yoga and runs a wellness blog and juggles a packed schedule. Yeah.

So this girl does yoga. I'll let you just click on add actors here. And then what that actor will do is then I can actually go ahead and first off, I can preview the sound with her voice and everything of her going through this whole script.

So if I click on this, takes a couple seconds real quick. It's going to kind of render off that audio. And then I can actually go and preview if you crash by 3pm before we actually go and create the video.

So this is highly recommended just to make sure that it sounds exactly how you want it before you go ahead and click on like the upload button to actually create that particular actor right there. So inside of here, you can also play around with like speed. She talks a little too slow.

Stability and similarity. I haven't played with too much. But I know this is going to be more towards like how accurate the script is and how I would say like kind of like how closely the words are being said.

To be fair, the thing I've played with the most is just speed. And that's the thing I've played with the most. Some actors will talk a little slow and doesn't look completely natural.

So I'll speed up a little bit and I'll fit a little bit more natural to the script. And the cool thing about the speed is like it actually makes them talk faster versus if you go into like an editing program where like if you do the speed thing, it'll make the word sound weird because you're speeding up the time, not speeding up them talking. It's the difference between me talking like this versus me talking like this.

You know, my vocals are both the same, just one slower. Whereas if like if you go speed it up in like a editing program, it'll make it sound like Alph and the Chipmunks basically. So here I can preview the voice.

If you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this T hack. Cool. As someone sounds really good.

Like I said, make sure to go through the whole script and then just press this button right here. And then each particular video takes one credit. And then I forgot the exact payment plans and stuff real quick.

I'm going to go to our website real quick and show y'all. But I know it's you get a large amount of credits with like the first payment plan and everything like that. Then I'll click is generate video.

Usually it'll take anywhere about five to 10 minutes to actually generate that video that you give it. Obviously longer scripts take a lot longer. So this one right here, we had, I think probably close to like a thousand words in it or a thousand characters where I've submitted some as low as 20, 30 characters and took like almost instant right there.

So if you think on how long this particular video is or the long script is, that's also going to dictate the, you know, just how long it takes to actually process everything. So just for this video, take this video real quick and I'm just going to go and kind of fast forward that we got our video back here. I'm just gonna pull up the video real quick.

So if you crashed by 3 p.m. and 28 long video of this creator talking blog and juggles a packed schedule. I know firsthand how draining afternoons can feel.

I've tried everything from coffees to energy drinks and adaptogen powders, but nothing aligned perfectly with my natural lifestyle. Cool. And basically just kind of go through it and we got our video.

So what I'll do here is I'm actually going to download. Actually, let's just go to our casual quick. We're going to go here.

I already got this video done. So I'm just going to click on download and we're actually going to go and edit this video. Now, obviously there's a couple different ways you can leverage this from the editing standpoint.

You can go to Adobe Premiere and Adobe After Effects, which my editing team does. With that being said, just to try to keep things budget friendly. We'll go into CapCut today and just kind of show y'all like just a couple little tweaks here real quick.

So I'll go inside of CapCut. I'll bring that video in and whether you edit CapCut on your phone or edits on your computer, that's completely up to you. Again, this is not an editing YouTube channel, so I'm not going to go super deep here, but there's hundreds of videos online that kind of goes into CapCut, how to use it and stuff.

But just kind of like, if you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this tea hack. So first thing, like for me, when I'm coaching video editors is I like to keep things moving consistently. So for me, my rule of thumb is every two to three seconds, we need something new on the screen.

So AK, we want a lot of B roll to put in here. And then we want to be doing a lot of flashbacks and forth between her talking and B roll. So that way we can also leverage the fact that we have a real person talking here.

So for example, I'm going to let her start talking in the beginning here. If you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this tea hack. So now we got our hook and I'm just going to splice this, split it.

Now, if you crash by... One thing with hooks here is that we want to visually showcase this thing, as in, you know, we want to visually showcase if you crash by 3 p.m., what would crash in like 3 p.m. look like for my target audience?

So if you crash by 3 p.m., typically most people talk about this or people that like working like behind a desk and stuff. So this is where I'm going to go and show you all some other software I've been recently using called Grid Bank. Grid Bank has been really cool because it allows us to literally if you go to like websites like Shutterstock or all these other stock websites, they're filmed with like big cameras like what I'm filming on this video right now.

Whereas Grid Bank allows you to have it's literally just Shutterstock or like these, you know, basically platforms for content, but they're all filmed with iPhone. So you get substantially just better things. So I'm just going to go download like, for example, this one girl tired.

She looks like she's crashing. I'm going to go into CapCut. I'm going to import that in.

There we go. I'm just going to import that in and I'm going to bring that above. I am going to kind of trim this up a little bit too.

There we go. And I'm going to put it for the same amount of time and just cut that. There we go.

If you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this. The problem with this B-roll footage is again, I want to still leverage my creator. So I'll come into CapCut.

I'll just click on remove BG and then I'm just going to click the auto removal. I think you need like the premium plan for CapCut for this. So just heads up on that.

And then I'm going to drag this all the way down right here. If you crash by now, we just need to make this girl smaller like that. And I typically like to put them in the in the corners like this.

If you crash by there we go. I'm going to put her just a little bit more into the corner. If you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this T-hack.

There we go. So this is perfect. And I can also do some other stuff here like adjustments.

There we go. Color correction. All right, cool.

And then I can like lower maybe just make this a little darker. Let's see. Highlight shadows.

White. Just make it a little darker. If you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this T-hack.

Contrast. And then next thing I'm going to do is go and add text. I'm going to bring this text right here and I'm just going to call this crash by 3 p.m.

Try this. There we go. Boom.

This would be like basically my hook. Do that. And then I'm just going to go and select like one of these.

All right, cool. I just need to link this a little bit more. There we go.

I know I'm going more of like a female demographic. Also, I don't like this purple. So I'm going to go for more something like this.

If you crash by 3 p.m., you need to see this T-hack. All right, cool. If you crash solid.

And what I'm going to do is by 3 p.m., you need to see this T-hack. As someone who teaches yoga. And I'm just going to remove a little bit of this dead space right here.

As someone who teaches yoga. Okay, so this is good. We got the first one down.

Now, what I'm going to do next is I'm going to give you guys another example. So here I'm just going to let this roll as is. So I'm going to let this roll here for like a second or two as is.

And then I'm going to start adding in more B-roll. So she starts talking about how she teaches yoga, has a really busy schedule. Someone who teaches yoga runs a wellness.

All right. So she talks about having yoga and a really busy schedule. So this was what?

Three seconds in. All right. I'll start doing my B-roll from like basically runs a wellness blog and juggles a packed schedule.

To here, I'll do two different B-roll clips in between these little spots. And I'll do one of like teaching yoga. And then I'm going to do one of like her driving.

So yes, I already did. I already picked these out before this, but just to show y'all download. There we go.

I'm going to import that in. There we go. She talks about yoga first.

Runs a wellness blog. And then I'm also going to take the driving one in. And juggles a packed schedule.

So just adding. As someone who teaches yoga, runs a wellness blog and juggles a packed schedule. I know firsthand how draining afternoons can feel.

Sweet. And then she talks a little bit more. I've tried everything from.

Now, I know another thing some people would be talking about is, well, Nick, what if like I need like product placement? How to actually like put my product in here? I am just going to go and search something up like green tea real quick.

And I'm just going to pull a random product real quick. This is a product we're not pushing or anything like that. But just to like show y'all real quick.

What's something really cool that works is on top of like your B roll like this is having some variety in here. So like here, we actually have we can put like the product being worked or used in here as well. I've tried everything from coffees to energy drinks and adaptogen powders, but nothing aligned perfectly with my natural lifestyle.

Cool. And I know this is not the like right spot of what she talks about and stuff. But just to give y'all an example, I'm going to cut this sweet.

I'm going to remove that background again. Auto see video auto background removal. And then we can scale her down.

I've tried everything from coffees to energy drinks and adaptogen powders, but nothing aligned perfectly with my sweet. There we go. So you can layer in a few product photos like that.

Obviously, you can leverage chat to also pull some of those photos and stuff and make them with AI. But yeah, just to show you all that real quick. Now, obviously, it's not an editing channel.

So I can go through this whole video. But what we're going to do is just a solitary select everything like this. And then I'm going to go and create a compound clip to where if you crash by a new clip, and then what I'm gonna do is click on captions.

And then I'm just going to generate these captions real quick. So we can add some captions to this video. And then I'm also going to show you all kind of like a final of what this would look like right here.

But the biggest thing I want you all to take note here is by leveraging a AI creator like this one, just how easy it is to create that to it adds an element of, hey, this looks more realistic versus just an AI voiceover with no one talking. And we've had some really great ads with this. Just like an example, if you crash by 3pm, you need to see this as someone who teaches yoga, runs a wellness blog, and juggles a packed schedule.

And it just gives another element to that video that adds that level of realism to it versus just a talk voiceover with just b roll to it. So just to show y'all just kind of like not the final final clip, but just like quick little example real quick, what I made before this, if you crashed by 3pm, you need to see this tea hack. As someone who teaches yoga, runs a wellness blog and juggles a packed schedule.

I know firsthand how draining afternoons can feel to just create more dynamic elements to that particular video and more realism. So if y'all enjoyed this video, and you want to check out our cats, I'll put a link below to check out our cats highly recommended works really well for us, especially to have clients that ages don't have a lot of content or be we want to rapidly test a bunch of ads at a significantly cheaper rate before we go invest into actual like paid UGC. This is a phenomenal tool to add to your tool.

Then hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure to like button that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. That being said, my name is Nick Terrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.