We just started to dive into VSLs for some of our e-com clients. And I recently just launched a VSL for one of our clients. And I thought about actually going ahead and holding apart the process we follow to be able to create a VSL for one of our clients.

What type of ad account structure, what type of structure we follow for the script for the VSL, all of those good things, pull apart that process and actually present it to y'all. VSLs are phenomenal, especially when working with more complex products or more expensive products where we need a little bit more selling power than just simply one quick photo ad and then buy. So let's dive into this.

This is just going to show y'all exactly today what we'll be making, being able to take a Facebook ad, driving it to a page like this, that's more of a longer form video sales letter, which is what a VSL is. And then being able to drive that traffic to a product page and then being able to essentially convert that traffic from there. So why a VSL?

Number one is that it walls off a customer. Instead of taking a 20-minute long Facebook video ad and then having people watch that ad, then send people to a product page, we'll leverage what's called a VSL, where we'll do a very, very short ad that piques people's curiosity and then drive people to a VSL where they actually sit down their wallop off, which means they can't scroll up or scroll down to get new dopamine if they get bored. So they have a little bit more of a completion bias, which a completion bias means you start something, you're more likely to want to finish it.

And that's the same thing here when sending people to a VSL. And then from there, we'll send people to a product page. Next thing, it allows you to digitize the sales process.

VSL is basically, if me and you sat down at a table and I had this sparkling water, it's a five to 10-minute long video where I'm just simply here doing everything I can to sell you this water. So different products, especially more complex products, have a more complicated sales process than something like this water. I would never run a VSL for a simple product.

I would only run VSLs for more complex products and for products with a very full market awareness. So more of our problem aware and unaware markets is where I'd really be pushing that VSL at. And also two more expensive products as well.

Products that, you know, maybe it's a simple product, but it's a couple thousand dollars and you need to have a more of a VSL conversation there, which allows people to convert. And then lastly, people are lazy. And I will be doing a video, same time I'm filming this video, I'm also filming a video on e-com advertorials, which is identical to a VSL, but instead it's words versus something people watch.

We like both and we like to test both and see which works best for each client. But for in terms of like an actual VSL side, people sit back and relax. Whereas an advertorial, they actually have to read.

I know, very big difference. But, you know, just that simple right there of removing some of that work they have to do actually makes it a little bit better. Now, let's also look at something.

So right now, a lot of us look at the sales process like this. They have this big, long ad and then send people to a landing page or product page where they get them to convert. Where with a VSL, an advertorial, or like a long form landing page, we're flipping this around.

We're doing a very short ad to peak people's attention. And then after we get like peak people's attention, then we're sending people to a landing page, which this could be a long form advertorial. This could be a VSL.

This could be a long form landing page. It's one of those three. It could be a listicle, an advertorial, VSL, or a long form like landing page that then sends people over to your product page.

Now, what products work best with a VSL? Unaware markets, higher AOV products, 100 plus usually, and more complex products. You know, I've sold literary products all the way up to a couple thousand dollars with a VSL, all the way to probably like 100, 200 bucks with a VSL right here.

Typically, a higher AOV is better for a VSL because with a small AOV, like let's say 25, 50 bucks, like it's just not going to be enough to cover the expense of the VSL. And it would actually just be easier to push people to product page. Because again, add to product page works really well for small purchases because there's not really much thought process into that purchase.

Purchases with a lot more thoughts around that, that's typically be higher AOV products and more complex products. These are going to need a VSL to properly direct those people and glide people through those dot processes right there. And then more complex products, as I mentioned, for example, like my inner circle, it's a thousand dollars a month.

I've used a VSL to sell that inner circle over and over and over. And very easy because it's a little bit more of a complex product versus just sending people to a page where they boom, convert. Now, how does this VSL work?

Like I said, it's going to be an ad to a landing page with a VSL and then that landing page with a VSL to product page. Now, key thing here is that we're going to be using the same pixel that we use already on our website right now. We're going to be just copying that pixel code and we're also going to be putting it on the VSL page.

So you're still going to get all of your ad account data. I think there's a big misconception that a lot of people think that if they use some of a pre-sale page, whether it's an avatarial, a VSL, or it's going to be maybe something like a listicle, that they can't get any of the data back to Facebook. And that's actually very false.

As long as you have that pixel code on the landing page and on your product page, like you already mean, technically you already have it installed on your product page if you're using Shopify. And then all we're doing is just copying that code also to the VSL page. All of that data is going to be transmitted back to the Facebook ad account.

The only difference here is if you're using something like Triplewell, which I'm using right now, you also need to copy the Triplewell code. So Triplewell code plus the Facebook pixel code. But if you're not using the Triplewell or anything like that, then you literally just copy over the Facebook pixel code.

And that's it. So you're going to get all that data in the ad account. I don't know why there's so many people are like, well, Nick, how can you see the data?

It's like, well, I just like literally just put the pixel on the page and I get data in the ad account. It's pretty simple there. All right.

So what's the process for this? So first thing is first is that you have to understand that if you've gone through my videos and you understand how to write great ads, a VSL is just an opportunity to have a longer ad. Like that's literally all you have to look at.

A VSL is just a longer ad. That's it. And for timing purposes, I want you to shoot for five to 10 minutes.

Nothing more than 10 minutes. And I mean, you can go a little less than five minutes if you need. But five to 10 minutes is like the ideal VSL length.

I know there's some people out there with like 30 and 40 minute long VSLs. And if you're selling like a $2,500 plus product, then sure, that's a great opportunity right there. But five to 10 minute VSLs is going to be your ideal length right there.

And what we do is we do our normal market research to understand our customer because the level of which you understand your customer is the level of which the ads you can create. That's either going to convert substantially better or worse in your account. Next thing is after you do your research, you write your hook.

And then after you write your hook, you write your VSL based off that hook. And then after you write your VSL, then you want to create your ads and the ads change their goal. So usually your ads are to get people to click on the ad and go to your product page and buy the product.

Whereas now we shift our ad focus now from maybe, hey, go buy this product to, hey, go watch this VSL. And that's where it changes a little bit. And all of the logical information that you may put in an ad currently right now for a product, you're going to be putting that in your VSL.

So you actually can have shorter ads, 5 to 20 second long videos and like simple, very simple photo ads. And then all the selling happens in your VSL. That's why I do love using landing pages, avatarals and VSLs because now you use the ads just for the clicks and the VSL or the landing page or the avataral is where the selling happens.

Now, let's start off with riding the hook. I'm not going to go super deep in this, but this is where you want to first look at your level of market awareness. You want to open the desire and the sophistication of your marketplace.

And this is where we're going to go back down to copywriting 101 because copywriting 101, that's where we build the foundation at. And I have plenty of videos, advanced Facebook guide. This advanced Facebook guide right here, I literally have four episodes, which shows you how to write Facebook ads with awareness, desire and sophistication.

And you first need to understand this before you can do anything else. So if you don't already know how to write an ad with awareness, desire and sophistication in mind, then all of this is just going to be a huge waste of your time because you're just going to fuck it up. Being very transparent here.

So once you write your hook, here is where we have to also understand what level of market awareness we're open. So if we do our research and we write a hook for an unaware market, we understand that VSL, we have to start off with unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, aware. Now, if we go out there and we want to open up a problem aware market, then we'll start off with the problem, the solution, the product aware.

So you just have to understand these key things. And if you go to my channel, I literally just posted a video, advanced Facebook ad strategy to hit $1 million a month. And inside of that particular video, I go over examples for all of these in terms of actually writing those out.

So it's going to be fair to throw on that right there. Now, I'm going to show you a script for today. So I will also be giving you all a script as well that I personally used for one of our recent clients.

So I'm also going to give you a script as well to take from today's video. But before we actually start actually tactically writing everything out, I just want to take a step back and say you need to become a student of VSLs. And what do I mean by that?

So you actually need to kind of take a step back the same way you approached Facebook ads and became a student of creatives and started digging into all the cool things that you can do within the side of Facebook ad creative. That's the same thing with a VSL because to be fair, 95% of y'all will watch this video and go take action on creating a VSL. And I'd say out of all 95% of y'all, I'd say probably 90% will create a VSL and just flop immediately.

And maybe 5% of y'all who actually take action on this video will actually have like hit a VSL directly day one and it crushes for you. And if you're not doing it for the intention of I want to have some fun and play around with these different marketing tactics that you can apply to your business, you're going to quickly lose interest today. You don't see you make money day one with VSLs.

So you have to approach it the same way you approach Facebook ads. Now you're going to have to test a variety of different VSLs. And you also need to consume a lot of VSLs to get better at writing VSLs.

So I'll give you all one right now that y'all can go watch. Literally, if you just go right below and it's have Nick Terry omits where you, this is an 11 minute VSL I wrote for my Inner Circle program that literally has done over $168,000 in new customer revenue. Let me keep that in mind, new customer revenue.

That's 168 people have joined my Inner Circle program from January 1st all the way to January 5th, 2025. So over a year. So within 12 months, it's generated over $168,000.

168 people have joined my program with an average LTV of about $4,000. So that means that's probably worth close to about $600,000 in sales right there. So and that's from this one 11 minute long VSL.

This is more of a solution aware VSL. So again, depending on where you start at. So this is a solution aware.

I'm going to show y'all an unaware example today as well that I actually wrote. And then problem aware, I don't have to actually anything for problem aware, but you can still do the same thing in terms of techniques and stuff. So if you want a VSL, here you go.

Here's an 11 minute one right here that you can watch immediately after you watch this video and you want to check out a VSL and also to have proven data behind it right here. So he actually does something really cool with his VSLs is that his VSLs are his YouTube videos. I actually practiced this when I bought my Lamborghini Urus.

I created a video, you know, buying Lamborghini Urus with Facebook ads. And then I showed me buying the car. I showed me breaking down all the financials for the car and everything.

And then I'd go into, hey, you know, if you can't afford a $3,700 payment every month, then you need to create a passive or like a cash flowing business. And one of the best businesses I've created is a Facebook ads agency. And if you want to learn how to create a Facebook ads agency and scale a Facebook ads agency, then click the link below to join my Inner Circle program.

I just created a 20 minute long VSL right there for my Inner Circle program for an unaware market. Eamon Gazi does this all the time in his YouTube videos. Every, like, I don't know if he has any right now, but it looks like this one that's premiering on the 6th, The Rise of Ultra Rich Young Entrepreneurs, The Dark Truth.

Like, this is probably gonna be a great example right here where he's gonna upsell people on some type of program after. So that's also something really cool. So study some of Eamon's videos.

Just make sure it's like the videos that's actually selling something like this one right here. And I know he likes to upload a video for a little while and delete it. And I know he intentionally does that because he knows everyone's just gonna try to rip him and copy him, like, almost immediately.

If you go on Meta Ad Library and literally just type in, like, webinar VSL, you'll start to see a ton of people running different ads for webinars, VSLs, and things like that. Webinar is a VSL. The only difference between the two is that typically a VSL will be, like, 5 to 10 minutes, and a webinar will be, like, 45 minutes to an hour.

To be fair, they're exactly the same thing. It's just from a naming conventions perspective to make it seem like a new thing, people start calling it VSLs. But it's just a fucking webinar.

Now, definitely recommend consuming about 3 to 5 VSLs before you actually sit down and create one. If you actually consume a couple of them, then you can actually have a pers- kind of like some type of, like, understanding. Okay, cool.

Like, these are things that he's doing in this video. This is kind of the format he's using. This is some of the psychological levers they're using.

So, like, for example, if you go watch mine right here, I call out the objections that people typically have about joining my program. Oh, Nick, you know, you actually don't do the calls. And it's like, no, that's false.

I actually hop on the calls with you on my Inner Circle program. I personally hop on a call, review your ad accounts, and go through it and provide data of what you can do to improve. Another objection might be, like, I don't update the program.

It's like, yeah, no. Like, I literally, it's a real-time program that consistently keeps updated with anything new we learn and stuff like that, winning and all that good stuff right there. So, that's just an example right there.

What are psychological levers? You know, me throwing testimonials in there, me throwing things like objections, questions, breaking it down. What are those key components and psychological levers that's being used in those VSLs?

Now, once you have all of that, once you've actually consumed a few VSLs, and I know this is an e-com, like, specifically VSL, but you have to understand that it doesn't really matter whether it's an e-com product or a info product or a service. It's all selling the idea of a mechanism. That's all it is.

A mechanism is just a thing that gets your results. Whether it's a service, info product, or e-com product, they're all mechanisms that get you a result. Once you start looking at it from that lens, that's where your whole view of marketing completely changes.

So, once you actually look at it from that lens and just pull all those psychological levers that people are using in their various different VSLs, then you go write your e-com VSL, and then you simply just go ahead and apply the same thing. So, I'll kind of just take you through my VSL. I don't know why the hell I call this an avatarial example.

This is a VSL example. This is literally the exact one we use in this example right here. So, just to be very clear on that.

So, here I just basically call out, struggling with morning allergies. I was too until I discovered the real reason behind my daily misery. And then, and it wasn't what I expected.

In fact, I found what was happening in my bed every single night while I was sleeping literally made my skin crawl. So, that's kind of like my hook going into this. And again, keep in mind, I literally have her talking to the camera.

And then, I have B-roll footage throughout it. So, every 10 seconds, there's a new visuals on the screen. So, just keep that in mind.

I'm not going to go over this whole thing, but I shot this from like a first-person perspective, where it's like literally like a girl just talking to her camera. Like literally how I'm sitting in my kitchen right now and filming this video about how to leverage VSLs. So, I'm literally taking that same approach with just morning allergies here.

And then, I'm basically going to just go through it. I call out the symptom or the problem, which is like morning allergies. And then, here I kind of go into like just telling a story, how she's been struggling with it every morning.

And then, let's see. Here's how I introduce the solution. And actually, it's unaware because allergies is the symptom of the problem.

And I go symptom, problem, and then solution. So, here I'm just basically focusing on the symptom and kind of creating like, here was my situation. So, that way, people can feel like, hey, that's me too.

I've been struggling with that exact same thing too. And that's when people are like, oh, okay. Now, this girl actually has been where I've been before.

Here's how I start to introduce the problem. So, but that's where everything changed. During one particular bad morning while searching online for yet another miracle cure, I stumbled across some research that shocked me.

Did you know that could be millions? There could be millions of microscopic creatures living in your bed right now. They're called dust mites.

And get this, they actually get worse in winter when we spend more time indoors. So, a lot of things here. So, I call out the fact that she was online.

She was doing research. And then, she stumbled upon this thing that shocked her. It's like, what is that?

Notice how I leveraged that right there. I just stumbled across some research that shocked me. I want people to be like, wait, what was it?

Because that kind of alerts people again right there. And then, here I go into, there could be millions of microscopic creatures living in your bed right now. And that just kind of makes the fear like, what?

They're called dust mites. Here's where I'm introducing the problem. The problem is you have dust mites.

And get this, they actually get worse in winter when we spend more time indoors. The reason why I call out winter is because it's January 5th right now. It's, for most people, it is winter right now.

So, I want to call out the fact that, hey, right now is actually peak time too. They're really bad. And then, here I just kind of go into the problem a little bit more.

This is my light bulb moment. All these morning allergies, they weren't random. They weren't just bad luck.

These were actually something causing them. Something living in, right in my bed. Something I could fix.

So, I'm kind of going into problem a little bit more. How do these grace? And just digging it out a little bit more.

Then, I start going in, introducing the solution. That's when I discovered something revolutionary. A breakthrough device called Pulse that uses advanced UVC light technology.

The same kind that hospitals use for sterilization. So, here I'm calling out the product. I'm calling out the unique mechanism of that product.

And then, I'm saying the same kind hospitals use for sterilization. That's how I simplify something. So, that way, it's easier for people to make sense.

Like, oh, that's what that does. Then, I like to go ahead and just destroy all other ways of, like, satisfying their desire. So, their desire is to get rid of dust mites.

So, they can stop struggling with allergies every morning. I like to just destroy all the other ways that they can, like, basically use it. Let's see.

Oh, wait. Actually, that's not it. That's actually not it right there.

That's just all the benefits of it. I know I called it out a little bit later. Let's see.

Yeah, here it is. I already wash my bedding regularly. I have a mattress protector.

I've tried something else. Sounds like a lot of maintenance. And I basically kind of just go over there and how to start those things right there.

So, solution, kind of going over the product a little bit. Highlighting some, like, key things. Like, here's a doctor talking about it.

Here's showing the before and after of the product. That's also something really cool with a VSL is that maybe you can't do a before and after on Facebook. But you can do some before and afters on your VSL.

I use it every Sunday. I haven't had mornings allergies since. And then, boom.

And I kind of just go through all of that on this particular thing. So, testimonials, authority, before and afters, objections, questions. And then, now we're starting to push more into, like, that urgency of why you need to start buying now.

Winter's coming. Worst time of the season for them. Kind of really painting that picture again of what they're going to get.

And then, lastly, just kind of, like, final call to action. Best part, it's so simple. Just 10 minutes once a week.

Remember, winter's the worst season for dust mites. And then, basically, just kind of give them that, like, two choice close. Keep waking up miserable.

Or spend 10 minutes once a week and finally get rid of all that. And I just basically click the link below to get started. Just some, like, free game for y'all.

So, this is, like, the rough draft VSL. Before I kind of, like, did the final edit. All of this, like, literally kind of came from AI right here.

And if you use, if you go watch my AI video on how to get, like, good ads from AI. What you do is you can get a good ad from AI. That's, like, a 30 to 60 second video script.

And then, just basically say, hey, now take this and turn this into, like, a 5 to 10 minute long VSL. And that way, once you have the core structure of that video, then AI will go and just simply expand on it. And that's the beauty of VSLs.

Is that with an ad, you have to be extremely concise and very straightforward to really get some good pull from an ad. Whereas a VSL gives you that opportunity to really dive deeper and talk about these more complex things that you couldn't talk about an ad. Because now, again, completion bias, people want to finish it and all of those good things right there.

But free game, two things. Number one, I know some people will also offer some type of reward if you say, like, to the end of the VSL. I don't see it too often anymore.

But I know some people are literally like, hey, I'm literally giving away, like, four or five Amazon gift cards for the first, like, five people that, like, watch all this VSL right there. I didn't. The second thing is when you're calling out the product, you can also leverage something like, hey, here's a website I got it from.

I sent a few of my friends the link after and, like, they sold out almost immediately. And I just got a notification that basically the product was back in stock. So you might want to get there quick because it's probably going to sell out pretty fast again.

So you could even, like, leverage the, hey, it might be, it's probably out of stock. But you can check it and see if there's anything open right there. And that's why sometimes we'll use, like, check availability as, like, the call to action button on the actual page.

And you see that right here. So that was our script. Again, if you already know how to write ads leveraging market awareness, then this is nothing new for you at all.

And it's just, it's giving you more time now instead of having to need a 30-second video to say all of this. Now you have maybe a 10-minute long video to where you can say all of this. Now, again, don't prioritize time over entertainment.

If you make a long, boring video, no one's going to watch it, even though it's a VSL. So just because you have more time to get your points across, you still have to make sure it's entertaining and still talking about things that people actually give a fuck about. If not, you're just going to create a long, boring video.

It's going to get no sales or anything like that. And you're going to be wondering what the hell is going on. So here, let's go through.

Now, let's look at the ads. So like I said, for this to work, you want to go do your research. You write your hook.

You write your VSL. And then you're going to write your ads. So I just give you all two examples right here of the type of ads I would leverage for this type of VSL.

So the first thing is first. It's just your photo ad with the hook on it. Morning allergies, question marks.

Put them to bed for good with this little known secret. Boom. Big text on a photo image.

And then people click where and more and they watch the VSL. Another one is a video ad. Do you have morning allergies?

Then pay attention. As someone who's struggled with it for years, I've been able to practically vanish them overnight by changing this one little thing in my bed. Now, I wake up every morning from a deep, restful sleep, ready to take on the day without any sneezing or coughing.

I put together a free video below going over the exact change I made in my bed and how you can do the same to wake up allergy free every morning. You don't know what the product is. You don't know what the problem is.

You don't know anything else. You just know that, hey, this guy had morning allergies. He doesn't struggle with that anymore.

And he's sending me to a video that's completely free to watch to learn the same thing. So this is how the ads change that focus more on getting the right person to click. Again, you still need to get the right person to click.

But you're revealing less in the ad to drive more curiosity. The whole point of withholding information and not saying the exact things he did to his bed is so that way we can intentionally get the right people to click on that video ad. Now, as far as like finding people, this is the girl I used on Fiverr.

She was pretty good. I'm not saying you have to use her, but she was pretty good. We were trying to go for like a 30 to 40 year old mother in terms of like the type of person you want in our VSL.

You need to still apply the same weight loss aspect when picking out someone for your VSL. So what do I mean by that? If someone's overweight and they want to learn how to lose weight, then the VSL should show a dude who's like shredded with six pack abs type thing.

Whereas if we showed another overweight person selling to another overweight person and showing off this program like they wouldn't believe it. So you still need to showcase either someone that is exactly like the person or someone that the person's attracted to or someone that the person wants to be like in your VSL. And then you can also split test animated videos.

I know some VSLs, the whole video is just animated. That's extremely expensive for production. So just to clarify, like this girl right here charged me $400 to film this five minute long VSL.

Animated videos could easily be four to five times more expensive than that. So I'd only recommend testing an animated video once you actually have like, hey, we know this VSL crush this right here. Slideshows.

So if you go and click on like my inner circle one and let's see, this one right here, this whole VSL right here is just a slideshow with me talking to the camera exactly like I do in my YouTube videos. I've seen a lot of people crush it with slideshows as well because it's simple and straight to the point. Another one is just a person talking to a camera with B-roll.

This is exactly what we did in this VSL. She's just talking to the camera and every 10 seconds, there's new visuals on the screen. So it'd be like 10 seconds of her talking, 10 seconds of showing some graphics on the screen, 10 seconds of her talking, 10 seconds of showing some graphics on the screen.

So it's constantly keeping people getting dopamine while they're watching that VSL. Now you want to leverage a tool like Wistia. Wistia will be where you actually upload the video after you get it edited and everything.

And this is where you'll host the video. And also something cool about Wistia is that you can also look at like the retention rate, the percentage of people that actually start watching the video. You can see the fall off.

So you see right here, we have a large fall off right here. So we're already working on like a new VSL for this so we can improve this fall off. And then the rest is actually pretty decent.

And so like right here. So I'd be looking at here and here of where we can fix that. Again, this is all of the data that Wistia gives you.

So it makes it easier for you to understand like how to like, you know, maybe make some tweaks inside of your VSL. And then landing page software. So you're going to need some type of landing page software to actually host the video.

And, you know, like literally it's simple. Like this VSL right here. It's just a complete black page with a video on it, a headline on it, and a button on it.

That's three things. A button, I mean a title, a video, and a button. That's the only three things you need on the page.

Everything else just is a black freaking page. So you can use like I like to use ClickFunnels because I run an agency and I keep all of this when I make these assets for clients. So I just have a ClickFunnels account.

I just log in a bunch of domains in it and then boom. You can use Funnelish. You can use Replo.

You can use PageDeck. All of these are acceptable landing page softwares you can use. To be fair, like there's some I didn't even mention on here that are also all great.

As long as you can create a plain black page, a headline, and a button in a video, like you can use whatever. You don't need to focus. You don't need to like geek out on different landing page software.

Like keep it fucking simple. And then next thing is the Facebook Pixel. So with ClickFunnels, I just click on like settings right here.

Facebook Pixel. Boom, I dropped the code. You can also do it.

Some of them have like tracking code sections. Some of them have the header. This is where you can copy that code and you can get under the events manager.

If you go to the events manager and then something around like installing it or setting up the pixel on the Facebook side. And you can copy that code and you can toss it either to Facebook Pixel section or tracking code. That's going to be within your landing page software.

So again, you still have that pixel on there. So you can actually still get that data. And again, if you're on triple wall as well, high rows, any third party attribution softwares, you need to also copy that code over on the side of the Facebook Pixel as well.

So you can get all that data into the ad account. And then lastly, this button right here says check availability. This is where we're going to send people to the product page.

So whatever your product page URL is, just copy that. And then you just literally click on that button and like where do you want to send traffic to? And it's like, boom, that product page.

It's very fucking simple. And you can do that. You can also experiment around with some tools allow you to hide the button until a certain minute.

So like for me, for example, with the check availability button in ClickFunnels, I'm experimenting right now with two minutes. So for the first two minutes, the button does not show up at all. So it looks just like a regular page for a video.

Because if I show the button too soon, people are like, oh, wait, there's something for sale here. And that's not what I want. So it just kind of depends on the level of market awareness I opened up or, you know, what I'm selling, how soon I want that button to show up.

But it's definitely something to experiment with at least for a minute to two minutes of hiding the button. So that way people don't immediately see it and like their bullshit meter shoots up all the charts. Now, as far as launching, all you need is your completed VSL page URL.

And then I like to have at least three to five different ad concepts that I launch with this. So, you know, you have your URL for your VSL with it fully complete. And you have like three or four or three to five different ad concepts.

Again, I do one ad concept per ad set. One ad set is three creatives. And then I just go ahead and launch my CBO campaign.

I do not need a new CBO campaign. I launch this within my CBO campaign and I treat it just like any other Facebook ad test. So, you know, if you want to know how I test Facebook ads, click here.

Facebook ads, ultimate guide 2024 for the flexible ads. That's exactly what I leverage. And if you want to know how to, you know, essentially how I test my Facebook ads, that is all you need to do right there.

Now, just a couple other key things. Let's say no one's watching your VSL. Like you're getting a lot of clicks on your ads, but no one's watching your VSL.

So, this is also like where Whiskey is really good. Because like if we go and see like our play rates. Let's see where I have that right there.

Play rate. Like we have like a 25% play rate. I like about a 30% play rate at least.

So, for me, like this is a little low right here. And for me, it's like I don't want to say yes, play rate's a good one. But I would be focusing first on like fixing this drop off right here.

Because you can see of how large this drop off is. And this is the second or third VSL we test right here. So, this is just one of our different ones.

So, you kind of want to look at the data to make these decisions. If no one's watching your VSL, but you're getting a lot of clicks. You want to swap the headline on your page, which is this right here.

If you're getting a lot of people to start the VSL, but not finish. Then this is where you want to look at. Okay, what else can we fix in here?

So, for me, getting a lot of people clicking and starting. But a lot of people are dropping off in this first little section right here. And I have another big drop off right here.

So, I need to go review those sections right there. And look at swapping my body. And seeing what may be wrong.

If you have no cells at all. Like you run this for a week. No cells at all.

Trash the whole thing and go start off a whole new angle. Don't sit there and try to be like overly analyzing it. Where it's like, oh, it is a small drop off right here.

I need to go tweak another one. And you're like iteration 52 of a VSL. That doesn't produce any cells.

Just test a lot of really big angles with different VSLs and stuff like that. And then from there, then maybe you can go in like super hyper little iteration mode right there. But that's where a lot of people fuck up at.

When it comes down to testing Facebook ads, landing pages, all that stuff. As they go too hyper focused way too soon. Pick a couple big things that you can create a VSL around.

Test those. And that's going to be a much bigger swing. That's going to create a much bigger impact in your results.

Now, questions. Things that I've had a lot of questions around is should I use my domain? Should I use a sub domain?

To be fair here, it just depends. So for me, for example, if my inner circle VSL link below, I'll have Nick Terrio mentor you. Should I use my domain or a new domain?

So some people will literally go and like make a whole new domain. So like from an avatarial perspective, they'll go create what looks like a fake news page where it's like, you know, Facebook news.com. And like they create a whole like separate thing off their domain and make it look like a totally like unique news site that no one's ever seen before.

Or some people will run their avatarials and landing pages on their domain under their Facebook page. And does it make it look like it's off a new, like a whole new company? For me, it just depends on the level of market awareness that I'm opening.

Most solution aware things like my VSL from my inner circle below have Nick Terrio run your ads. Like that right there, I'm running on my domain on all my stuff because it's like direct you're interested in that thing. Whereas like more of a problem aware to unaware market, that's where I might like problem aware.

It's a 50-50 between my domain and like a totally new domain to make it look like a totally different company. And then unaware, it's kind of the same. But a lot of times for unaware, I'll make it look like a completely different company where it's like facebooknews.com.

And then I talk about all these crazy new things and then direct people to like a Shopify Facebook ads course or something like that. So just kind of depends right there. And then literally exactly the same thing for a Facebook page or a different Facebook page.

Should I use my existing winning ads or new ads? This is also a big question I get. People create like a VSL and then they're like, hey Nick, should I go in like how do I duplicate my winning ads and change the URL?

I'm like, why the fuck would you do that? And it just doesn't make sense. So like when I create a VSL, it's around a whole new marketing angle that I haven't tested before.

So I go create this whole new marketing angle. I go create all these unique ads for that VSL and then I launch it and then boom. So if I make this whole new marketing angle and then I use a winning ad that's like, hey, 50% off this product today, they do not even align in terms of the marketing like messaging or anything like that.

Why would I do that? So, you know, for me, it's not I'm not sitting here and trying to do split test and like beat like an original landing page or original product page. Like I'm developing whole new ad concepts, angles and things like that.

And then I'm just simply using a VSL as a tool in my toolbox. That's also another thing like avatorials, VSLs, landing pages are just simply tools in my toolbox that I can play around with to achieve different goals in the business. So for us, 90% of the time it's new ads.

Now, if I have an already existing VSL that's crushing and maybe I want to write a new VSL exactly around that angle, but just swap a few things out, then I might just go ahead and duplicate that winning ad, change the URL. I'll lose the engagement, sure, but we'll see how it goes from there just to make it simple. Should I use a new campaign or should I use the same campaign?

I've already mentioned this already in the video. Like I'm just uploading this as another ad set. Exactly how I test all my ads in this video.

Just the only thing difference here is that like it's not a different URL. You can use multiple different URLs in the same campaign. That is totally okay.

I have some campaigns with different URLs and different Facebook pages in the same campaign and there is zero issues at all. So yes, you can use the same campaign. There's no reason why you need to create a new campaign.

So hopefully this helps you all out. If you create a VSL from this and like it absolutely crushes for you, like drop a comment below. I would love to see y'all, some of y'all crush it with this.

Let me know how it goes for you. Let me know your feedback. Would you actually start testing this for yourself and see how it goes for you?

If you have any questions, drop a comment below. I'll get to those for you. Make sure to like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to come in your business and do all of this for you, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. Thank you all so much for watching.

I hope you have a good rest of y'all day. Peace out.