Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick and today I have an exciting new video for you guys today.

I'll be creating a Facebook ads campaign. Yes, creating a Facebook ads campaign directly from scratch. You guys will have an over the shoulder view of me inside of the ads manager, literally creating the exact Facebook ad account structure that I use to spend anywhere from $100 per day to over $22,000 per day.

This is the exact same structure I use from a wide range of accounts and is the exact structure we use to spend anywhere from $750 to $1 million a month across our partners accounts. So with that being said, let's dive straight into the video. First off, I just want to give you guys a few action items before we start jumping into this account.

There's a few things I want you guys to just take care of. Some of you guys might have already done this, but I don't know the full extent of everyone who'd be watching this video. So if you haven't already, make sure you verify your domain.

Here's literally a video on my channel that you guys can go check out. Um, it's called Facebook ads domain verification, Apple iOS 14 do this now. So if you haven't verified your domain, if you're completely new to Facebook ads, you need to make sure this is done.

A lot of you guys probably watching this channel already has this taken care of. Second thing is you need to set up the Facebook's conversions API. Very, very simple.

Um, again, have a video on the channel, how to set up your Facebook pixel events, highest 14 updates. And then lastly, set up server side tracking service side tracking. Again, very simple to do.

Once you get all of these things done, Facebook will be properly talking to your Shopify store. And in that case, then you can actually proceed with the next steps. If these steps are not taken care of properly, you won't be able to proceed with the next steps without any issues.

So inside of an ad account. Wow. It's been a while since just kind of opened up an ad account, showed it to you guys.

But, uh, you know, we, we got a particular store that I'm willing to share with you guys. You know, I'm not really concerned about any, you know, issues with, uh, you know, people like seeing that account and stuff like that. So it's one particular store is kind of like a, um, demo store in the account.

And I'm gonna show you guys one of our winning products, which is this particular product right here. And basically, uh, we have a really good relationship with the menu factor on this. And what we could do is we can, um, go ahead and pull out all this.

I'm not sure why this is popping up like this. That's a first right there. Interesting.

Uh, we, we have a direct relationship with the manufacturer. So that's how we get all these products made essentially. So with that being said, we're going to show you exactly the ad account structure we use.

Again, this is a smaller store. Um, our typical account size is spending anywhere from a thousand dollars today to 15,000 a day. So the smaller store that we just kind of have in the back end, just brand autopilot.

So how, what are we going to create? We're basically going to go ahead and come in here and we're going to create a few different campaigns. We're going to create a prospecting campaign, which is like your, your top of funnel, your cold, your main campaign.

You're spending all of your money in the second campaign we'll create is our testing campaign. So that way we can continuously to test new ads in the background to find new winners that we can move into our prospecting campaign. And the third campaign is purely an organizational campaign that we use to keep track of ads.

Okay. So that being said, let's start creating in that sense right there. So I'm gonna go ahead and hit create, and we're going to create our organizational campaign first.

Again, this is just a campaign that's purely to organize ads. Um, click on sales right here, create campaign cells continue. And then I'm essentially going to call this campaign name called ads holding container.

That's all it is. It's just an ads holding container. It's, you know, we're, we're going to, um, leave it off or, you know, it's never going to run in that sense right there for the ad set name.

We're going to do, uh, zero one. Zero one. Um, little line on the, that's called.

And we're going to call this August, 2022 ads. Now in this sense right here, um, if we were creating September, you know, we'd do O two for doing October. Oh three.

Whenever the first month you changed as each month, um, you go up one essentially. Okay. So just for you to know that we're gonna put the daily budget at $1.

Cause again, we're not going to run anything in this campaign. We're purely going to use it for a dummy campaign to, you know, um, build ads, but not necessarily put live. We do this a lot because we have to send clients ad approvals.

We want to keep track of all the ads we're running. Um, this is what this specific campaign is far. And we're going to go ahead and actually create our ads from here.

So inside of here, I'm going to name this. M S or M A S. Cause this is, uh, the company's name is metal address signs.

Um, if your name is, you know, like target.com, it could be TAR. Um, just whatever, like three, three, three letter abbreviation you want to use for your business. And I'm gonna do zero zero one, because this will be the very first, um, ad like this.

And then I'm not really sure. Uh, yeah, we'll do, we'll do another. Um, we'll do a photo first.

Okay. So I'm gonna go ahead and manually upload single image or video, and then I'm gonna come in here and I'm gonna add an image. And I'm gonna upload.

And I have some new ads that were literally just created by my team before this video. I'm gonna upload them all. And this is going to take a second to process.

Okay, cool. So we got all the photos inside of here. Um, show you some of these.

I'm just going to go ahead and click on. Let's see. Can I preview a certain new preview on here?

Okay. Course there's not. Okay.

Yeah. I'm just going to select one of them. Cool hit next and hit done.

This center right here. And it's basically just shows you your image. So this is one of our ads that we'll create.

And what we'll do next is we'll go to primary text. And we're adding some of our ad copy. So already got some ad copy before this put together before, um, this particular video is created.

So let's just see, let's go, let's just grab this one right here. And I'm going to put that in the primary text right there like that. Charge forever.

Okay, cool. And then next thing we want to do is add in a headline. I got a few different ones.

I know this particular, uh, ad copy. Does it completely go with this particular product? Um, date.

Okay, cool. Cool. And then I'm going to publish that.

And we're going to change that to shop now. Cool. Make sure you select your domain and then you're good to go.

If you're using something like triple L high roast or wicked reports, make sure your URL parameters in there for tracking purposes. And then you should be good to go. Now what I'm like to do for a naming naming thing.

I like to just kind of copy this first sentence and I like to continue building this off. So it'd be like photo and then boom. Cool.

So we got one particular ad built. Now I'm built another one just for testing purposes. We call this M a S zero zero two.

And I'm going to go ahead and let's see. We're going to just delete this and let's add in a different image. Let's add in something like whole different image.

Okay, cool. Interesting. Okay.

There we go. And then I want to duplicate one more time and just be like M a S zero three. And there was another particular concept.

I wanted to test. There we go. And then boom.

All right, cool. So there's three different photos in here and we're all using the same ad copy. So basically we're just testing here to see what is the best variation of photos slash copy.

And the second thing I want to do in this case right here is that we're testing one copy right here. And I want to basically duplicate all of these. So let's publish these right here.

I want. I know. I don't know if this copy works and I don't know if this image works.

Okay. So we have two different variables here that we'll be testing. So what I want to do is I want to actually go grab a winning piece of copy that no for a fact works.

And that way what I could do is I can go ahead and I can also cross test a winning piece of copy to know for sure what works in that sense. So, you know, if, for example, if the ads with the winning piece of copy does not work, then we know for a fact those the images. If we know for, um, if we using a, both a new copy and a new image and it doesn't work, we don't know if it's the image or the copy.

So I also want to run these against an image. So I'm going to literally just select them all. I'm going to hit control D to duplicate them.

And while they're all selected, I'm going to go in copy that winning piece of copy right here. And I'm basically just going to select all this pasting in there. And there's one thing I do need to make it edit on because the link did not load properly.

Cool. I'm going to come in. Cool.

There we go. Cool. And let me make sure.

Okay. Yeah, it did. It did work properly.

Make sure they were all selected. And then what was our headline? Our headline was personalized metal infinity sign.

Cool. All right. Cool.

So now we have a second. We have basically six ads now. Three of which are using, you know, when was the last time you surprised your sweetheart?

And another one was something around that other particular piece of copy. Now, what one do now is just go ahead and edit this for naming convention purposes. So we got basically four, five and six.

And then I'm just going to select this. Select all of this. Delete and paste.

Delete and paste. And then delete and paste. All right.

Cool. Let me hit publish and publish that. So now we have six ads.

We got three images across these six ads. And then we have two different variations of copy across these six ads. So now we can do a proper, you know, we can do a good test to see what images and copy variations work together.

And I'm going to show you exactly what I would do from here. So one other thing I want to do is turn off this ad set because we do net. We never want to spend a dollar in this campaign.

It's also why I have $1 literally for the ad set budget because we're never going to spend in this campaign. We're simply just have this campaign set up to house ads before they go live. Now I'm going to create a new campaign and this will be our testing campaign.

And I'm going to show you exactly how this is set up. So we'll call this testing. Very simple.

We're make sure we leave, you know, CBO off because it's not a CBO campaign. And inside of here, we'll call this. I usually like to give it a name like batch one batch two.

You know, I like to name each round of ads, but you can just kind of name it. The the angle, the concept, you know, whatever you're specifically you're testing. But I always like to add something beginning to show off what that particular ad set is.

So let's just say it's batch one. Cool. And then this is very important.

USA, whatever country you're targeting or countries you're targeting. Mel plus female 18 plus and then broad and then AP and then optimize for purchase. Okay.

Let me show you exactly what this is. So before we get into all that, let me just scroll down. Make sure your website selected conversion event is picks a purchase.

You are optimizing for purchases daily budget. You want to take whatever your AOV is. Let's say your AOV is for this particular account.

The AOV is, you know, it's, um, what? A hundred, not a hundred bucks. It's close to that.

It's like a hundred bucks. It's $90. So if I want a three X ROAS, I need a cost per purchase of $30.

Okay. $30 cost per purchase at a $90 AOV gives me a three X ROAS. Now for daily budget on this Pacific, this specific campaign, I would recommend at least $30 a day.

So one third of your AOV for those with smaller budgets, like literally like, you know, a hundred dollar a day budgets. If that, um, I would shoot for like $30 a day or one third of your AOV. Cause you're going to run this for three full days.

Okay. So that's what I would do. Um, if you have a bigger budget, you could start this off at one extra AOV.

So either one X one half, one third of your AOV for the daily budget, maybe even one fourth of your daily budget, but you definitely want to be spending enough. Cause if you want to purchase for $30 and you're not even spending $30, that's a big issue right there. Okay.

So you got to keep that in mind now for audiences. I want you to go and create a new audience, custom audience website next, and then make sure you do purchase. Okay.

And then retention 30 days and then audience name, just, you know, purchase 30 days. I'm just gonna call this YT video because of, uh, you know, just so I don't get it confused with future things done. And we're going to exclude this audience.

So if it's not already, if it's in the include, make sure you exclude it. And that's it. Um, as far as you know, uh, broad targeting is the route to go.

So you may just target your countries that you want to target. Um, if again, if you don't know which countries to target, cause you're just starting out, you should be focused. You should have figured out at least before.

Um, but you know, be going after whatever country you want to specifically market in and grow your business in. If you're doing drop shipping and all these other countries, then you can just kind of put them all together. It's one right here.

If you are separating your ads by languages, then in that sense, right there, you can do separate ad sets per country. But for this video, just keeping it very simple. We're targeting the United States that all other countries ends up.

That's a whole nother video. A whole, um, United States, 18 plus male plus female. We're doing truly broad targeting here because Facebook knows where to find your customers.

Okay. Facebook knows where to find your customers. Even if you have zero sales on your purchase on your pixel, we grow every single account from scratch.

Exactly like this. And it works every time. Okay.

So for y'all though, like, well, Nick, how's my purchase? How's my pixel? No.

What, who to go after? Because when you basically upload your ads to the ad account, Facebook takes those ads and pushes it out to just general senses of people. And basically every single impression, the ad gets smarter of who is liking your product, who is liking the ad and stuff, who's engaging with it.

And that is how the algorithm continues to improve and become better. And that's a very short summary of it. Okay.

Just take that for granted, send it your salt, but just have faith. The algorithm will improve and it won't get you the results you want. Um, and then we're going to go down to what happens if you don't.

Anyway, secondly, placements. I just leave it automatic 99% of the time. It's going to be Facebook mobile newsfeed with a little bit of Instagram feeds where everything's be feeded out on.

You know, there used to be this big fear that Facebook would spend all the budget on audience network, which is just a lower quality source, but it never happens. We've only have one account that's ever had that issue before. And in fact, audience network is actually serving as good results.

So it's not a big deal. Next is your attribution setting. I literally leave it seven day click one day view.

Once you start spending a couple thousand dollars a day, like, you know, 10, 15,000 a day, then you can look at like one day click. Cause it's a lot more, um, faster, more data that I'm going to feed off of. All right.

Next. Now I actually do not want to create an ad because we already created an ad, created a set of ads. So I'm just going to delete this.

And there you go. Now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna hit review and publish. Okay.

So we just have this one ad set right here. That's just chilling. Um, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna hit control D while it's selected and I'm gonna duplicate it.

And I'm gonna call this batch 1.1. Okay. Because what 1.1 is, it's just going to be the same ad set, but just with those second round of ads.

Remember we created two round of ads, created one with one round of copy. And then a second one for another round of copy. So we're going to go into our ads holding container, August 2021 ads.

And what we're going to do is we're going to select six, five and four. Um, or no, just cause Godly, I can already see people in the comments. Well, why wouldn't you put one, two and three and one?

So we're going to, we're going to do that. We're going to put one, two, three, and one just for you guys. Uh, I hate when it does this.

Okay. Let me go back. So there is an issue.

If you are using the advantage plus campaign or ads, let's see. If you have like advantage plus one right here, it won't let you edit the, or copy and paste the eye like you want. So you got to select them all and click on duplicate and you got to do it this other way right here, which is not fun.

Um, we're going to find testing. All right, there we go. Existing ad set.

We're going to push this into one. We're going to hit duplicate. All right, cool.

I'm not going to publish that just yet. I'm going to go and select six, five and four. And I'm going to click duplicate and click existing campaign and testing.

Boom. Existing ad sets 1.1. Okay, cool.

And duplicate. All right, cool. So now in our testing campaign, we have two ad sets.

Um, with all the ads, let me just hit review and publish. And I'll show you that's in a second for you guys. The, the, the, the, okay, cool.

Let me refresh the screen again. Okay. Ads are inside of there.

It's just, it's taking time for a process. There we go. Cool.

So in 1.1, we have these three ads and one, we have these three ads. Okay, cool. So what you want to do is you roughly want to spend one to three X your AOV over the next few days.

So three days, this right here, if we spend $30 a day for three days, we're a $90 AOV. We're going to spend one X or AOV. If we spend, you know, three XRO AOV, there's nothing wrong with that at all.

It just means you have like a bigger budget in that sense, but anywhere from one to three X or AOV, really good starting point to add a three X ROAS to find, start finding some winning ads. Okay. Now a few different things you're going to go through one.

If you click inside of here, you know, MS, MAS one might get all of the spend in this ad set. There's nothing wrong with that. Okay.

Here's why. If it gets all the spend the ad set, that basically means Facebook identified that ad with the best potential to be a success. Okay.

If the others don't just, and the three days is up, that is okay. Just turn off the ad set and move on. Okay.

Based of my, after spending, you know, like we spent $4.5 million just this year alone on Facebook ads. When you launch a new ad set, you watch a few ads in that ad set. If, if the, you don't find a winner, if that three days spending a decent amount, at least one extra AOV over the course of three AAs, three to one, you know, one of three extra AOV.

If you do not find a winning ad, you simply coming in and turning off the ad right here, just so these other ads can get more spin. I find that there's only a roughly a 20% chance. You'll find a winning ad.

Whereas, and you're also gonna spend a lot more money on testing. Spend a lot more money on testing and lower your overall budget. Okay.

So inside of here, run this for three days. If the ad sets, not profitable, turn it off and reevaluate why those ads or ad did not work. Okay.

So if I look at batch one right here, I run this for three days. These ads do not convert. They're not profitable at all.

Why? Okay. Well, you know, the ad copy just doesn't resemble the creative in that sense right there.

Okay. So we're thinking it's the ad copy. Let's check our other batch.

This batch uses the same creative, different copy. Okay. So, you know, what happens in that sense right there?

Okay, cool. So two different batches, two different variations of copy. We know the copy and the creatives weren't good.

Time to go back to your drawing board and create some new ads. Cool. Very simple.

Okay. Now, next thing. Okay.

For scaling campaign, let's say you find a winning ad. I'm gonna use, you know, let me just create a quick variation really quick. I'll show you guys a winning ad.

I'm gonna add. I'm gonna add. I'm gonna add.

I'm gonna add. I'm gonna add. Make this really quick.

Seven. Video. Boom.

This is one of our winning ads right here. You know, we, we spent roughly, I don't know, a couple of thousand on it this month. So far made back like I think $1,700, $1,800 in profit after everything.

So cool. Let's just say, for example, this MAS 007 is a winning ad because we know it's a winning ad in that account. Um, what I would do is I would simply just go ahead and create a new camp or I wouldn't create a new campaign with it.

I'm gonna create a new campaign with it once for one time only. And then after that, I'm adding in new ads after that. So let's just do new campaign.

We call this, you know, prospecting. Let's call this, you know, YT video. Just cause for make sure I don't like actually let this roll.

Um, and I'm gonna call this ad set USA male plus female 18 plus broad AP AP stands for automatic placements by the way. And O P U R stands for, um, optimize for purchases. Okay, cool.

Found our winning ad. Um, this particular campaign, we're actually gonna be a CBO. There we go.

And I'll put this up like a hundred bucks a day. There we go. Um, a hundred dollars a day is a good start CBO.

And then again, we're gonna leave everything normal. I'm just gonna exclude purchase 30 days. There we go.

Cool. And then we have on the Y says manual, put that as automatic. Cool.

There we go. And then we're gonna hit publish. So these are literally the only two campaigns you need to be able to scale an account.

Um, you know, we, we spend these just within these two campaigns. Like I said, we have accounts spending a hundred bucks today. And we have accounts spending $15,000 per day on Facebook ads using these only three campaigns.

Okay. Um, where the magic happens is that it all comes down to this testing campaign of figuring out what works and what doesn't and improving your ad creation abilities with every single test you run. So if these ads don't work really dig deep and understand why they didn't work, what can you do to improve what's your new hypothesis you want to test, create those ads and then test them again and test this new variations.

Okay. So if you keep testing, you're gonna have to do substantially more tests, which means you have to burn more money, which means you probably won't be hitting as profitable margins as you would like. So your objective is to continue to get better at testing ads, but not objective of getting better in testing ads in terms of the process, but in terms of the creation of the ad and understanding your audience from a high level perspective, understanding what they resonate with, understanding what gets them talking, understanding what they want to see deeper buyer psychology, psychology, really understand their beliefs, their desires, their motivations, all that to create better ads.

And when you create better ads, that's going to get you more ads and testing that are winning. And when you find more winning ads, that gives you more stuff you can put in your prospecting campaign. So going back into it, now that we have this campaign kind of firing off here, I'm just going to double check a few things inside of it.

So you can start your prospecting campaign with only one ad. You don't need multiple ads in that sense. You just need one winning ad that you know works in your testing campaign to determine if an ad is winner.

There's a few things one make sure it's hitting the row as you want. Okay, make sure that ads getting the row as you want. I know some people's like, well, we're last is irrelevant things like that.

When you're first starting out like gross is important to some degree. You know, that is important. But as you get longer term with the business model, then you want to focus more on LTV.

You can accept the lower LTV or CP at the beginning to extend your LTV in that sense. So for your testing campaign specifically, what defines a winning ad is very important because winning ad is a very loose used term. Okay, a winning ad can be an ad with $3 in spin and a 4X ROAS.

A winning ad could be $100 spin with four purchases at a 2.5X ROAS. Okay, purely based basing an ad off ROAS without the context of amount spent is a very bad move. Okay, because yeah, you might get a ghost purchase or you might get a random purchase from a low hanging fruit at $5 a spin.

5X ROAS, you're cutting back flips thinking you cracked the system when that's very false. Okay, so I recommend at least five to 10 purchases at a profitable ROAS, 3 to 4X ROAS, you know, 5 to 10 purchase, 3 to 4 ROAS. That should be a good enough margin right there for you to wear at testing to be able to move it to prospecting.

And then when you move it to prospecting, you can start the campaign off at $100 a day. Throw your one ad in there. And then as you find new winning ads, a lot of you guys think, oh, well, Nick, I create a new ad set.

I got to create a new campaign. That is false. Okay.

So let's just say, for example, this particular ad right here is a winning ad in our testing campaign. I'm going to duplicate it. I'm just going to go into testing campaign.

I'm not testing. Prospecting. Boom.

Existing ad set. There we go. And then duplicate.

So if we found a winning ad, let's just say, for example, four was a winning ad. We'd simply just duplicate it into our prospecting campaign. And, you know, now we have two ads in that sense inside of our prospecting campaign.

Okay. So you're just going to keep building up this ads library or this library of winning ads. Again, with what strong winning ads, not just one purchase to purchase.

Let's shoot for five to 10 purchases at a good row. As is it is a better winning ad than one purchase, but like five extra. Okay.

Get a couple of purchases on it. Five to 10 at least. And then move from there.

Once you start building up ads in the prospecting campaign, your second question is, okay, well, how do I scale it? You know, what's those next steps? You can increase this a hundred dollars a day campaign by 20% a day, as long as it's maintaining profit.

So you can increase this a hundred dollars a day campaign by 20% a day, as long as it's maintaining profit. So you can increase this a hundred dollars a day campaign by 20% a day. As long as it's maintaining profitability.

Um, you can keep increasing it $20 a day. And as ads become, you know, no longer profitable in this prospecting campaign. Again, you want to look at the last seven days and cut ads off over the last seven days that are no longer profitable.

So you can look at like last seven days right here. And, you know, let's say for example, seven was a winner at one point, but now it's no longer profitable. I'm going to cut it off.

So make decisions based off a seven day window. And then you can, um, for, for increasing budget, you can look at the last two to three days, you know, last three days, profitable, increased budget, last three days, profitable, increased budget. You do that every day.

So that's another way to look at for increasing budget. So the way I would continue to work this account is I would continue to build new ads and ads, holding container. And I continue to create new testing batches, keep finding new winning ads.

And then I'd keep putting them in our prospecting campaign, which will allow us to spend a lot more. And that's it. These are the only three campaigns you guys need.

There's no reason to duplicate this campaign. You know, I looked at an account the other day where, you know, someone literally would had these three campaigns set up and then they saw a day or two bad performance. They turn them off.

They duplicate them, relaunched them. So performance good for a few hours, cut it off, tried setting these rules up and all this crazy stuff. Like this is all you need.

And again, this is based off my experience from spending $750 to a million a month, all of 2022. We spent $4.5 million alone just in the first half, first two quarters of 2022. And we spend on accounts anywhere from a hundred dollars a day to $15,000 per day, all profitable using this exact same ad account structure.

Okay. It all comes down to creating better ads. That's going to quantum leap the business forward in revenue.

For example, we, we, um, $15,000 a day count. You know, we scaled up like a thousand, like 3000 a day. We got stuck.

We kept testing ads. You know, we don't stop testing ads. It's a weekly thing you do every single week.

It's, it needs to be ingrained in your mind that on a weekly basis, you create new ads that push the business forward. Okay. Better ads every week.

That's going to push the business forward. That should be ingrained in your mind. And as a system, my team follows on a weekly basis.

So we were at, you know, we scaled up from a thousand to 3000 a day, you know, an account that we're spending 18,000 a day or 15,000 a day profitably. And we've been spending that for over a hundred days straight. So we, we scaled up to 3k a day, got fatigued in that sense right there.

And we found, we kept testing, kept testing, kept testing, found a new winning ad that allows us to scale to 6,000 a day. And then guess what? Got fatigued again.

We kept pushing. We kept pushing. We kept digging deeper and deeper and deeper for ads.

They're going to reach more and more people. And then we finally found that third and fourth winning ad and we were able to push from 6,000 to 15,000 a day. So look at each winning ad as an ad that propels your business forward and allows you to reach new revenue goals within your business.

So it's very important right there. You look at it from that perspective. So that's the motivation while testing.

A lot of you guys are going to find a few winning ads, get complacent and stop testing because you're like, Oh, I found my winning ads. I can just scale. Now that's very false.

You're going to get to a certain level. You're going to be like, Oh shit. Can't scale up anymore.

What's going on. You're going to start freaking out, trying all these different business model. Like you're gonna start changing up the ad account and everything like that.

And you're gonna start freaking out, blah, blah, blah. You're hopping to call me. I'm like, dude, just launch some new ads and you launched some new ads.

You'll find a new winner. You're going to go a little further. So I'm telling you this because one, I've been in that same situation.

I've been there before. I've gone through all that already to realize that changing up the ad account structure consistently just fucks your results. Okay.

I literally audit accounts every single day where people are just overthinking the shit out of it, launching campaigns, creating campaigns, duplicating campaigns, all of this crazy shit. And it's doing nothing but burning their ad spin. So your objective is to lock tight.

Hey, this ad account structure works. I'm not going to, I'm not going to steer away from the strategy. It's locked tight.

I'm going to run with it. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to work the system. Okay.

Here's the diet. Now spend 90 days doing this exact diet right here and the results will come. Okay.

You have to focus. You have to know where to push, where you need to push is creating better ads. You know, then deploy better marketing fundamentals, better offer, you know, improving your landing page conversion rate.

All of these other things. It's also going to help and tweet and improve the performance in that sense right there. But this will, this will, how you scale.

This is how you'll get up to spending 15 K a day, maybe a thousand a day, maybe $300 a day, whatever your objective is. But again, we run this ad account structure from all account wise. We'll run it from a hundred dollars a day to 15 K a day, even $22,000.

They we got, we got an account for a period of time, spending 22 K a day, running this exact ad account structure, regardless whether you're in lead generation, e-commerce app installs, this exact ad account structure right here allows you to focus on what works. And that is creating better ads, but not just creating as to create ads and testing as to test ads, creating ads with deep intention behind it to propel your business forward to where you want to go. It's a hit your revenue goals in that sense right there.

So you got to really put the time and effort into creating something that's going to project your business forward. So you have to remember that when you're working this system. So I really hope this helped you guys.

I hope this kind of gave you just quick rundown of everything. Don't even ask why I don't do retargeting. I don't do retargeting because one, it's just quite frankly, we we cut retargeting out beginning January 1st of 2022.

Since then, we've been able to spend more. Our clients are more profitable than ever, and we're making more than ever. So I have my own deep reasons why don't they retargeting on full video of why I don't use retargeting and everything like that.

But even had other advertisers spending, you know, a couple hundred bucks a day like, hey, dude, you need to do retargeting and blah, blah, blah. Trust me, you do not need to do retargeting. You need to do retargeting.

It's it just it's not needed at all. Okay. Facebook's already going to go after those particular users in your prospecting campaign.

So simply putting a retargeting campaign, you're just double spending. You're spending more on an acquisition cost and you're hurting the performance of your other campaign. So retargeting is not needed.

Again, this is coming from someone who used to have for retargeting campaigns. Okay, so that's not just me saying it's a that's me coming from someone who had for retargeting campaigns. Lastly, going down to retargeting.

If you have every week you need to focus on either retargeting or prospecting, which one you're going to take focus on to create better ads. Would you rather an ad that's just going to convert a few more people in the back end that is purely reliant on the people you feed it on the front end? Or would you rather go create an ad that's going to take you from a thousand dollars that they have spent to three thousand dollars that they have spent at four.

More profitable KPIs because you put more time and attention into that. Which would you rather everyone would love to spend more at a greater at a better KPI. And that's what you get when you focus purely on better ads that move the business forward.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video again. Make sure the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Yeah.

And if you are a business owner doing at least fifty thousand dollars a month in revenue anywhere from fifty thousand, a hundred thousand. But click the link below book call with me. My team will help on a call with you.

Well, you know audit your account and everything like that will give you a strategy. You can take that strategy and run with it or you have the option to work with us. We've helped multiple brands three X five X 10 X even 18 X their monthly revenue inside their business.

And we'd love to do the same for you. So click the link below to book a call with me and my team to jump on that. Thank you guys for watching again.

My name is Nick Theriault. I hope you have a great rest of your day. Peace out.