How do you spend more money on Facebook ads? How to spend more, how to scale, how to make more money with Facebook ads. In today's video, I'm gonna be going over how we've been able to 2X, 5X, even 15X ad spend in accounts.

And we're actually not even gonna open up an ad account. We're actually not even gonna touch budget at all. I'm gonna be showing you a way we've done it multiple times in a way that no other guru talks about.

And hopefully I'm the first one that exposes this to you. So you are in for a treat today, my friends. And before we get started, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these things, I've done over $60 million in online revenue with Facebook ads.

We're in a Facebook ads agency. And I also coach and mentor students. Links for both of those can be found in the description below.

Now, before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into the video. So how to spend more on Facebook ads in 2023.

If you're watching this, you're luckily stuck at a spend ceiling. You've scaled up to maybe, I don't know, let's say $1,000 a day and you're stuck. And you just can't quite get over that.

Or maybe you're stuck at some type of revenue level where you can't get past a certain level of revenue. Well, from our experience, this is due to appealing to the same audience, but not reaching your total audience. Ooh, that's a good one.

So basically it means is you're using consistently the same kind of messaging that's appealing to the same audience over and over and over. And while you keep appealing to the same audience, you're not reaching your total audience. And I'm gonna show you what I mean in a second.

But first things first is that you have to understand that ads do the targeting at the ad level. Facebook builds a little bubble around your ad every time you launch an ad in the account. And that's the people it targets based off people who resonate with that ad.

You have to understand that. Now, here's your target audience. Here's your total audience right now.

This is how you perceive it. And the problem with this is that if you launch a Facebook ad today, you're not gonna reach this total audience. It might say, you know, 100 million if you're targeting broad, might be like 100 million, 50 million, whatever.

But the problem is regardless, you could spend a ton of money on that one ad and you will not reach these people. Why? Because they're broken up into different mindsets.

So each audience, like basically what's gonna happen is if you launch an ad and your ad appeals to the orange people, you're only gonna reach the orange people. If you launch an ad that only appeals to red people, it's only gonna appeal to red people. It won't reach your total target audience.

Even though that's what your objective is, it's just not gonna do it. And the problem is, is that your audience is broken up into different mindsets. Okay, so they're separated by a mental wall.

Now, what do some of those different mindsets look like? Well, blue is your unaware people. Orange is your problem aware people.

People are actively experiencing a problem, but haven't made the mental jump yet to start looking for a solution. Green is your solution aware people. They want or desire what your product does, but they do not know it exists yet.

And then purple is your product aware people. They actively know about your product. They just don't know, like, and trust you yet.

And then there's a red, which is aware people. These people that already pull their money out, they're just sensitive to the money. That's it.

They're waiting for discounts. So this is called the five stages of market awareness. And leveraging the five stages of market awareness has allowed us to reach more of our target audience.

It allowed us to spend more because we can reach more people now. And focuses on the mindset of the consumer and separates people by a mental wall. So you need to understand that.

It separates people by mental wall. These groups of people right here will never be, or like right now, all exist in your markets. And each one of them, it has a mental wall between each other.

And that's why the orange people are with the orange people and the blue people are the blue people. Simple as that. Now, leveraging this has made our clients over $60 million with Facebook ads.

And has allowed us to 2x, 5x, and even 15x spin on accounts by targeting larger audiences within our total audience. And today I'm going to be giving you guys five examples. I'm going to be giving you an example of how I open each stage.

Now, the way this starts is that the market awareness starts off at the beginning of your ad. And everything else follows. It just kind of depends on what stage you open up.

So the beginning of ad, the main thing we're going to focus on is the hook. So today we'll be talking just about the hook and how to hook your stage of market awareness you want to open up. And you have to understand that the hook captures your audience based off where they're at.

Your hook wants to repeat what they're saying in their mind. So that way you can capture them at that mindset to then carry them to that next stage. And to further clarify, the headline or hook is the main text on a video in the first three seconds or main text on a photo.

So you can see right here, this ad, step up your beauty game in 2023. This is the hook. Fit into those jeans again.

This is the hook. This is the stage of market awareness. This is where we're going to apply our stage of market awareness at.

The next thing is that you want to showcase visuals around this hook that fit our stage of market awareness we're going after. So this is solution aware. This is also solution aware as well.

So let's look at the next thing. So you guys a little product briefing. This is going to basically be the product we're going to use today of which we're going to write these hooks for.

And this product is Forex Trading Mastery. That's going to be our product for today. So let's look at an aware market.

An aware market. This is where 90% of marketers sit at. This is where, you know, back in, there's still a lot of fucking people that do it.

But hey, buy my stuff. Get 50% off. 80% off today.

80% off. 10% off free shipping today. And they're not really focusing on a specific connection.

They're just focusing on a discount. So an example for a hook we would write for this is Forex Trading Mastery. Now 50% off.

And this is our aware stage. Again, which is the smallest possible audience you can target out of your total audience based off the five stages market awareness. Now, next one is product aware.

And here, I like to tell people, imagine your consumer has five different tabs open. They're on their Google Chrome with your product in one tab. And then each other tab is a competitor.

So four other competitors versus yours. And you want to prove your superiority over your competition. If you cannot prove superiority, you're in for a real problem with your Facebook ads.

So hook example, the only Forex trading strategy you will ever need. Showcase that we have the best strategy out of all the others. And then again, product aware is purple.

Now, if I would create a creative around this, the only Forex trading strategy you'll ever need. I need to back up this claim with proof. So how can I showcase proof from here?

I can showcase a variety of consumers or people that I purchased my product and literally say, I've tried so many other courses, but none was giving me results. But this strategy has 10x my account within a week, something like that. And that will like basically go deeper and level into, hey, this strategy works.

This strategy, they have something real right here. It's really doing well. So this is something that we should look at.

Again, product aware, which is the purple one. Second smallest in the market. Now, solution aware.

Here, we're calling out the desire of our market. That's it. And desire is what people want, but have yet to connect the dots to your product.

So this is a want across your market. And then we're connecting it to our product in the ad. So for example, if we're selling a Forex course, one of the desires of Forex trading is to make more money.

Get rich. Buy a Lambo. So from here, we can focus on the desire of make more money.

And here, I just kind of tweaked it a little bit. Laziest way to make money online for beginners. Now, there's solution aware.

And I'm reaching about that solution aware stage. They know they need to make more money. They want to make more money, but how?

And now I'm just hitting them with that hook. Now, what do I do in this ad? If this is an ad right here, I could have like, you know, let's just say UGC.

Laziest way to make money online for beginners. And then I could go just basically into the solution. Forex trading.

What's the benefit of Forex trading? Allows you to work three to four hours a week from whatever you want in the world. It's very simple.

And I know you think it's gambling, but it's not. Let me explain. You do this, this, this, and this.

Done. And again, solution aware market is our green market right here. Now, stage four, problem aware.

These are people who are actively experiencing a problem and all we need to simply do is focus on the problem. So hook example, I'm broke. What should I do?

So I could do something right here where it's like maybe like, you know, those TikTok questions where it's like TikTok and then it shows the questions. I could put a question that says, I'm broke. What should I do?

And then I could like do a UGC video of me responding to that. Like I get this question a lot of, Hey, I'm broke. What should I do?

I can't figure out how to make money and boom, boom, boom. Or, Hey, I'm broke. What should I do?

Well, first things first is that a lot of people think you need to save more money. That's actually false. What reality is you need to focus on making more money.

Now, I know there's a lot of different ways out there to make more money, but my favorite way is Forex trading. Here's how Forex trading works. Here's how you can make more money with it.

Here's the benefits. So I'm going from problem aware to solution aware. And then I'll go into like product aware as well.

And again, problem aware is the green one. I mean, orange one right here. So fourth, uh, smallest or fourth largest.

Yeah. Biggest one. Underwear markets.

This is the hardest market to open. Just to be completely honest with you. And, but it's also the largest audience across the market.

So here you want to appeal to these people by focusing on their mindsets, which again, all of this is focusing on people's mindsets. But here's the rules. You cannot call out a problem.

You cannot call out your product. You cannot call out the desire. You cannot call out a benefit.

You cannot call out the solution. So what can you call out? You want to focus on a mass market resentment, a mass market protest, a mass market emotion that you want to feel, or like a really big win.

So let me give you an example. I go to work in tears every day because I hate my job. So all of a sudden now I am appealing to people who resent their job.

So I could start this off in a way of maybe a testimonial video of a girl who's basically saying I was going to work every day and I would literally be tears because of how much I hated my job. And I've always wanted to quit, but I would be broke. And if I'm broke, I can't pay my bills.

And that's a huge problem. So I needed a way to make money. See, I'm going from unaware, problem aware to solution aware.

I need a way to make money. And I found this way to make money online called Forex trading. Forex trading allows you to work three to four hours a week, work from wherever you want, and make insane amounts of money.

And I found this one particular strategy by this one guy who was honestly probably one of the best strategies I've ever seen because there's a lot of Forex courses out there. And this particular strategy was nothing like I've ever seen before. And, you know, blah, blah, blah.

So see what I'm from unaware all the way down? Now, I go to work in tears every day because I hate my job. Again, kind of like a storytelling.

You could also showcase a girl like literally crying in the beginning or a guy crying in the beginning, something like that. Now, that's a resentment slash protest. Emotion they want to feel.

Go look at Nike, find the greatness commercials. That's a really good one. Go look at Lamborghini, take all your souls on a drive.

That's a really another good one they have. A really big win. Hey, I just bought this Lamborghini or Lamborghini sitting in my garage.

Something like that. What's a really big win? And they're like make money online niche.

That's to your audience. So make money online niche, a really big win would be closing a 10k amount for retainer or 50k amount for retainer. But that's not really a big win to someone that's unaware.

Unaware would be buying a dream house, buying a nice car, buying a nice watch. That's why these YouTubers flex it in videos because it appeals to a larger audience and appeals to more people. So that's also another marketing tactic.

And again, let's look at our unaware audience. As blue is the largest. That's our unaware market.

So I'm going to go over a couple of final thoughts. Post this on Twitter. Got a lot of good questions.

So I'm also going to answer these for y'all specifically to try to answer some of these questions before you have to drop them below. For targeting, we use broad targeting for everything. Like regardless of these audiences right here, we still use broad targeting.

Age, gender, location. The ad creates the audience. So if someone who resonates with an ad that's aware, which is someone who already knows, likes, and trusts you, who's just waiting for the right price.

Well, guess what? Facebook is only going to show that ad to people that appeal to it. So there you go.

Simple as that. You don't need to do any retargeting for it or anything like that. None.

I don't want retargeting for any of these. All broad targeting. All age, gender, location.

Next thing is that each ad is focused on fully selling that product with one ad. I know when I first introduced this, people were like, all right, cool. So someone needs to go through an unaware ad, then a problem aware ad, then a solution aware ad, then a product aware ad, then a aware ad.

No, not at all. They can go through one unaware ad and go through the full sales process in that one ad and make a purchase from you. You do not need to go through multiple ads.

Again, I kind of made some examples in this video of like, hey, unaware, I hated my job so much, but I wanted to quit. But if I quit it, I would go broke. But then I wouldn't have a way to make money.

And I really need to make money online. And then found this product, Forex Trading. And they have a strategy that beats all the other Forex trading courses on the market.

So I gave it a try and it made me a fuckload of money. You should buy it today. So I went through that whole sales process in one ad.

Simple as that. So if you start at, let's say, for example, you start at like unaware, you can go unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware. If you start at problem aware, hey, I'm broke.

What should I do? This is really struggling with me. I don't have enough money to pay my bills each month.

Well, what you need to do is you need to find a way to make money online. A great way to make money online is with Forex trading. So you just start down.

You go. If you started unaware, go all the way down to aware. If you start at problem aware, go all the way down to aware.

If you start at product aware, go all the way down to aware. If you start aware, just aware. Next one is that we hold the same KPI targets for all stages.

I've seen some people ask me like, hey, Nick, if you're one of three X ROAS at solution aware stage, would you want like a two X ROAS at unaware stage? No, like I still do three X the same. It's the same KPIs.

Next one is Nick. Do you create separate campaigns? No, I literally have them all in my main winners ad set.

I still test them like regular DCTs. Nothing changes there. And I also have another treat for you guys.

I literally have an ad example, a real ad example for each one of these stages of five stages market awareness. If you go to the video, scale your econ brands to seven figures of this new Facebook ad strategy, I will show you an ad example, a real Facebook ad example for each one of the stages. So just go find that YouTube video.

And if you're curious of how we actually run the Facebook ads in terms of the campaign setup, DCTs, main ad set, then watch the video broad targeting dynamic creatives. 2023 Facebook ads is where I'll go through all of that. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Hopefully it helps you out. Drop some comments below. More than happy to answer them for you guys.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out. Peace out. Peace out.

Peace out. Peace out. Peace out.

Peace out. Peace out. Peace out.

Peace out. Peace out. Peace out.

Peace out.