Building a Facebook ad from scratch. Yes, it's not building a Facebook ads campaign from scratch. This is building a Facebook ad from scratch.

We're going to go to the market research. I will look at our product itself and kind of formulating an ad itself, like that ad concept in a way of kind of how I do it in a way. So yeah, if you don't know who I am, my name is Nick Theriot.

And, you know, if you're not sure why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things. Well, I've done $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads for clients. I run a Facebook ads agency and I coach and mentor students.

All links that can be found below in the description. If you're curious to either A, have me run your ads or B, me mentor and coach you from there. And then before we get started, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Now, that being said, let's dive into this video. So today we're going to be building a Facebook ad. I don't really know how this video is going to come out.

So I'm just going to do my best I can. But the objective with this video is to kind of showcase how I formulate some of my ideas for ads, my market research, and kind of put together a few ad examples. We might even use some chat GPT in that way right there.

So that being said, let's dive into the video. So again, we're going to be building the ad today. So if you want to know how to set up the campaign from scratch and basically like take the final product we'll get today and put it into a campaign and actually run those ads specifically, then just go watch this video right here.

And that's going to like show you everything. Like once you have copy, once you have creative and actually how to set that up inside of the account. But today we're going to be focusing on the other part, which is more of the market research side, formulating some ideas and actually putting that into a feasible concept.

We'll even use some chat GPT as well, just for the sake of, you know, quite frankly, just the timing of this video and try to get this done. So our product today, and I know I just did a product video on this either before this video or after this video, you'll see a product that I researched on Amazon, a pillow. And today we're going to pretend we're in the pillow business and we're selling a product that has, I don't know, some type of unique mechanism that basically allows us to, I don't know, have a anti-flat pillow.

So if we're in the pillow business, we need to first understand the pillow market. Now there's a few different places I like to go to, to understand markets. My favorite is always to start off on Amazon and YouTube.

Let's see. Let's see. So literally just going on YouTube and searching up, you know, pillow, for example, and just seeing what happens from there.

Best pillows in 2023, how to hand that a pillow. No, that's not what I want. Cheap versus expensive memory foam pillows.

So again, just starting to search up key things around our product. And then like we want Amazon, for example, Amazon is my favorite place to get started before we go to these other places because it just, it's a lot quicker and easier and just direct to the point. So what I want to do is I want to understand if we're in the pillow business, the pillow business already has pillows in the market because there's already products in the market.

We understand we need a superior product. And if we want to succeed, like that's just the first thing you have to understand. Now, if you're a stage one market sophistication or stage two market sophistication, that basically just means like, let's say for example, if they only had these three brands of pillows in the market, like these three pills total, then that's like a stage two market sophistication.

But because of how many pillows there is in the market, this is like a stage three to four to five level market sophistication. That just basically means the, um, the essentially how competitive the market is. And in a competitive market, you have to prove your superiority if you want to beat the competition.

And if you're not superior, well, guess what? You're not going to have a fun time. You're not going to get that performance and that sales that you want.

So what I want to do is, is I want to understand these pillows. I want to understand like, what are the problems with these pillows that people have? And you know, I'm going to look through a few different ones.

Um, let's just start off on one for a second and I'm not going to go through all of them just for the sake of the timing of this video. I'm just going to use one, but I would go through a handful of, you know, maybe even a dozen. And my key thing is, is I really want to look at the reviews.

The reviews is going to give me a lot of insight on my customer avatar. It's going to allow me to understand what their desires are across the market. Like what do they want within a pillow?

Do they want a pillow that's large? They want a pillow that's fluffy. Like what specifically do they want within a pillow?

And the positive reviews are going to definitely tell me a lot of that, but also to the negative reviews. No one really focuses on the negative reviews when their market research. And it's, it's just missing out on a huge opportunity right there.

So I'm gonna look at a lot of the five-star reviews, obviously, but I'm also gonna look at a lot of the one-star reviews. Now, you know, I'm going to show you guys a tool to speed this up significantly, but I would read almost all of these. So let's just say, for example, flat pillows.

So what I would do is in my little research section right here, I'll just do cons and I'll do flat. And then let's look, let's find another one. Oh, look, this is another one, uh, flat and understuffed.

Okay. So two of them. So we have understuffed and then we have flat again.

So what I can do is I can just make some marks by flat. I can just do these little asterisks. And every time that flat comes up as a con, I'm going to put a note by it, just a little mark right there.

So that way I'm not going to keep rewriting flat over and over and over. I'm just going to keep making marks by it. Why?

Because this is going to show me mass market problems, um, that basically people are having. Now, obviously there's tools now and there's AI and stuff like that. And there's ways to speed this process up.

And I like to use a tool called Shulix, Shulix, uh, S H U L E X, uh, chat GPT for Amazon. Um, it's about $99 a month. I love it.

It speeds up my research process, but I understand, you know, if you can't afford it, like just go through the reviews and stuff like that. I'm not sponsored by them at all, but just showing you guys a tool that I'm using. That's literally all I'm doing here.

And it speeds it up because what it does is it does all that heavy lifting of going through all these reviews. It pulls the commonalities between all of the reviews together and it's spinning them out and telling you what's, what's common. So like 22% of these, uh, you know, reviews, uh, are used by side sleepers, back sleepers or 17%, uh, customer expectations.

Um, so, you know, 27% of people found that they lacked, lacked support. So guess what? Lack of support.

And, you know, I'm gonna put a couple by that. I don't really have any like specifics, but just because that, okay, I see this as very common. Maybe a couple more by a flat and yeah.

So like, that's pretty good. Now I'm also going to look at the cons and I'm not going to, all right, for some reason, I'm up. Well, that's not right.

So for the cons itself, uh, again, it's just lack of support flatness. This is really showing me that this is a particular problem in the market right here. So these pillows lack support and they're flat.

Like that's a big problem. Now I want to review a few pillows just because I want to understand if that's just a problem with this particular pillow, or is that a problem with a mass market? Is that a major problem across the pillow market of pillows being too flat on their stuff lack support?

Because if that is a problem, then we need to make sure that we target that specific problem and showcase how our pillow doesn't have those problems. Because again, we need to prove superiority. We're finding ways to position our product across the markets.

So now let's say too flat. Now what I can do is I can start searching up just what are, how are people talking about these problems? So pillow too flat, like I just type in the problem exactly how, you know, people would say it on YouTube specifically.

Now you can do the same research process on Reddit and Google, for example, and look at some threads and stuff like that. Also love to look at YouTube just because it's, it shows a little bit of both. I forget to see the comments and then also to get to see like some video footage.

So a flat pillow can make a rough night rest, but you don't have to have a sleep, a face sleepless nights. Ooh, I love this. A flat pillow can make a rough night's rest, but you don't have to have, you don't have to face sleepless nights.

So guys, I'm sorry. This is the eighth video I filmed today. So what I'm going to start doing is I'm going to start writing down headlines.

I like, there we go. Now we're going to go back to Amazon in a second. I just want to start typing in basically like as I'm researching stuff, I also looking at things that just really pop up my head.

Like I really like this. A flat pillow can make a, for a rough night's rest, but you don't have to face sleepless nights. That's a really great intro to one of our ads right there.

Now this is going into a ways to fix it. I don't care about the ways to fix it because we're going to introduce our own pillow. Now I'm also going to go through looking at some of the reviews in the comments, because the comments are also going to tell me like other people are dealing with this problem.

So I just want to see what other people are saying. I feel more head support from laying my head on a piece of construction paper than my current pillow. Wow.

Okay. So they're, they're comparing it. This is interesting.

I, I'd feel more head support from laying my head on a piece of construction paper. So now like if we wanted to do a comparison, we could show like a bunch of construction paper on like one side of the screen and someone putting their head down and then like our new pillow, that's going to like so much better. So like, I don't know, like ways to dramatize it.

Boom. Showcase someone laying down on a piece of construction paper. Cool.

And I'm just writing things down as I see it. Um, that pillow wasn't flat to be going to have. Thank you for the visual.

I'm going to put a tennis ball in the sock. Hey, when one pillow is not enough, but two pillows is too much. Ooh, this is really good.

286 likes too. So now it's basically showing other solutions they've tried. Hey, like I hate when one pillow is too flat, but then I put a second pillow and then it's like too much.

This is good. I really love this. So I'm just going to put this, um, customer problems.

Cause it's not really a cons of our product. Uh, one pillow is not enough and two pillows is too much. Okay.

So this is really good. My pillow is so flat. I can fill my bed.

Cool. So I'm spending about two more minutes on this research process, but I'm just basically going through reviews. I'm going to look at the problem as which someone would search it, but then I'm also going to, and I'm not going to do it in this particular video, but I would also go ahead and look at, um, maybe certain pillows itself and actually looking at reviews on it.

So like maybe pillow reviews and even going through like, let's see utopia. Let's just say that. I don't know if this is going to pop up.

There we go. Now I can look at some of the utopia bedding. There we go.

Utopia pillows. And here we go. It calls out a few.

She calls out a few of them. Utopia. I miss you.

Okay, cool. So this is also going to allow me to see the reviews too. So now I'm stepping into more of a product where the apartment, so I can see what people are highlighting specifically on that.

Now there's one more key thing. We haven't realized yet. We're looking at a lot of problems people are experiencing, but we haven't realized what people want it yet.

This is something that we're missing right now in our research. What do people want? So like, these are the problems they're dealing with, but what do they want?

Okay. So we really need to look into this now. So I forgot which one we were looking at.

Uh, I think it was this one, this backhand right there. So now we want to look at the wants what's motivating people to purchase. What's the, what is the, not necessarily the problem we solve, but what is that desire they have when they purchased it?

And this is going to be more kind of just, again, generalization of looking at everything. And for me, like, you know, comfort right there is really popping up a lot. Um, you know, me and you both can kind of understanding that, Hey, people want a comfort, comfortable pillow.

Uh, people want a comfortable pillow. People want a good night's rest and stuff for this. This is comfort.

That's popping up a lot for purchase motivations and pros. So this is really good. So we're going to put comfortable, comfortable pillow.

Now I would look deeper into this as well. It's like, why do they want a comfortable pillow? Like what is a comfortable pillow going to give them?

And obviously that's going to be a good night's rest, but that's also because we know that information. But what if we didn't know that information? If this is a product we just completely just fresh to right now, we have a little bit of a cheat code with this particular product, but I'm also trying to like, you know, be able to fit this all in one video.

So they want a comfortable pillow for a good night's rest. So that's their desire for the market. So now we kind of know a few things here.

All right. So we can showcase some ways that they can traumatize it. We can showcase the customer problems.

Um, the wants is the desire. So I'm just gonna put desire and I'm just gonna put just comfortable pillow. All right.

Now customer problems, uh, cons of other pillows. Now, um, I'm just gonna call this ad inspo. There we go.

I like to call it ad inspo. So I'll put different like ad ideas down, um, stuff like that. That's also really good.

Also to the shoe licks tool right here. I really like the, let's see the listing optimization every now that I'll click on this and it kind of gives me like a rough draft of copy for this particular thing. And I, again, I know that we're targeting, you know, for Facebook ads, we're creating a Facebook ad, but this is basically creating a piece of copy right here based off all of the reviews, all of the things that's currently active and working.

And also to keep keeping like just how to like beat the other competition as well. So it's taken a lot of data to create this again. Some of it's good.

Some of it's not experienced the ultimate comfort. So again, that's going against the solution that people want with Beckham hotel collection, bed pillow set of two standard. Okay.

So desire ways to dramatize it. Let's just see if there's anything else. Well, I'll put this on ad inspo, um, experience the ultimate comfort.

I like that. And we'll put that down piece of formatting unmatched unmatched comfort. I really liked that one too.

So let's do that one. Superior comfort. You can also say that superior comfort.

All right, cool. And obviously you can go through all of this stuff right here. Uh, perfect for all sleeps positions.

So that's also too, that's a USB for them, but who knows? So again, we're trying to prove our superiority. We're trying to showcase that our pillow is not flat and it's not understuffed and it's not lack of support.

Well, I'm going to be more focused on the flat portion one. And I'm also going to go on a limb and say that again, you need to do the research, but I'm going to say flat causing lack of support because it's pillows flat and it makes them feel like they're laying on the bed without any support. That's kind of like the con for the pillow itself.

So now let's just look at our product again. This is a make-believe product here. So let's just look at our product.

Our, our product is next, next YouTube pillow. All right. Um, next thing is our feature.

We're going to, we're going to call this the anti anti-flat technology. And what is the main benefit of this pillow? Pillow will never go flat, causing you to have a, let's see, uh, let's say not causing you, but giving you superior comfort at night.

Now we've got a benefit here and then market awareness. We are product aware, product aware, because again, it's the pillow market dominant. It's a lot of products in the market.

It's a large market. Um, so that's how we're determining it's a product of our market. We don't need to sit down and talk about why you need a pillow.

Everyone knows they need a pillow. That's how we know it's a product of our market and then market sophistication. And this is a stage three.

All right. So let's do some stuff here because obviously we only have 10 minutes left and we still need to create a Facebook body copy, Facebook headline, and we'll do three images and three photos or three videos. We'll do all that three UGC scripts.

So we need to do all of this right now. So how do we do this? And like, what's the best way to do it?

So I'm actually going to put together a chat GPT prompt and we're going to use chat GPT just for the sake of this video, because now we have the higher level stuff. Now, the key thing with chat GPT is that we want to do all the research ourselves. We want to do all of this ourselves and then go to chat GPT with all the data, give chat GPT the data, and then allow us to, to kind of do some of the creative thinking for us.

Now, again, we're still, this is only going to solve 30%. We'll spend another 70% of our time refining and really making it the perfect ad. But right now we're just trying to give it a lot of data.

So that way we can put it together. And I'm also going to move this. All right.

So let's go ahead and put this together. I'm going to write the kind of thing up here, uh, plea or pretend you are always like to call it Eugene Swartz because Eugene Swartz wrote breakthrough advertising. So it just kind of makes them think and talk about some of these analogies, like marks awareness, marks, sophistication, specifically to our, uh, you know, like how Eugene Swartz looks at 10 Eugene Swartz world-class copywriter.

Please create me one times Facebook body copy. 150 characters are less one times. Facebook headline 40 characters or less.

I like to keep it at 150 characters or less for the body copy and 40 characters or less for the headline and three times. Let's see video scripts. That's all related to the copy and headline or no one time video script.

Cause I'm gonna show you guys why. And then use the product info below. Um, info plus market research below.

All right. So let's go ahead and just see what happens. Not sure what's going to happen here.

You guys are seeing it live with me. We'll see what happens. Okay, cool.

So this is actually pretty good so far. So experience true rest with Nick's YouTube pillow. Again, that's the product recalling it.

So, you know, the product name, our anti-flat tech tech privacy technology ensures no more sleepless nights. Obviously I would not include this at all. A Facebook headline superior night's rest guaranteed.

Okay. I like that. Now let's look at the video script person tossing and turning their flat pillow.

Okay. So scene starts. So basically that's our B roll, you know, basically like showcasing that personal flat pillow, sick of flat pillows, ruining your sleep.

Yes. One is too thin. Two is too much.

Sound familiar. Oh, look at how it's taking some of our research and putting it there. Cut to Nick's YouTube pillow.

Load comes to the lower front. Introducing Nick's YouTube pillow. The answer to your restless nights.

A person shown lying on a piece of construction paper to switch to Nick's YouTube pillow. I probably just wouldn't do that. I'd probably just show a person.

I literally just altered this and have like Nick's YouTube pillow. Then boom. Our innovative anti-flat technology ensures your pillow never loses its shape.

And I would also probably do like right here, showcasing that technology and stuff and actually improving that. And then experience unmatched comfort and ultimate rest. Nick's YouTube pillow for sleep like never before.

That's good. Okay, cool. So we have like our first kind of like Facebook ad.

You know, there's a few tweaks here. I make. I didn't take this and I would go to, uh, let's see.

I'll show you guys really quick. I'd go to instance.pro and this is where I get all of my content done. I have content creators that actively go in film ads for me.

Um, they'll pretend it's UGC. They might pretend they're the spokesperson for the brand. Um, I'll purchase creators with higher like camera quality and stuff like that.

I might have them take photos. Like I do a variety of different things here with instance. So I'll go create a brief.

Um, if you use my name, Nick Theriot, you get a hundred dollar credit for like footage and stuff like that. So when you book a call with them, just full transparency on that. Um, but then this is why I use instance and I go get, basically send this script to them.

Um, I'll pick a creator and then I'll send the product out to that creator. The creator will actually go film this. So let's just assume, um, this is perfect.

Now, again, uh, we only want it one time video scripts. I'm not saying, I'm not sure why I said three UGC scripts. Um, just want one.

And what I would do is then I would go and look at my YouTube video called how to test UGC ads. Um, I found the best way to test UGC ads. Go look at that video.

Cause what I'll do is I'll take that video I get from that creator. And then what I'll do is I'll go ahead and I'll, um, pick three different starting points and upload it to a DCT. And that way it takes that one video and turns into three key videos right there.

But yeah, so that's good. Now we, we've showcasing a product, we have a video ad. Now let's look at three images.

So I'm just going to ask chat GPT. Can you give me one times image headline and one times image idea? And let's see what happens here.

Never flat. Always comfort. Nick YouTube pillow.

I love that image. The idea image shows two contrasting scenes. One on one side, an unhappy, tired individual tries to sleep on a visibly flat pillow.

Come on guys. Midway this video, I literally said like, Ooh, you know, be perfect. We take two, two things on the, like the side of the screen, like perfect right there.

Um, the old ways above the scenario, the other side, the same individual, constantly resting on the next YouTube pillow. That's perfectly flush looking content and texts. The next way is about the scene, dividing line between the two scenes.

Boom. Cool. So I can take this and this right here, this actually, this particular image looks like it can just something easy.

I might not need to go get a content creator to film this. Like I just need someone to be using my particular pillow, uh, sleeping with it. And then also to, on the other side, have someone laying on a very flat pillow.

So I may need to go find something around that. So, but yeah, so I'll go take creator skin, maybe from an instance, something like that. I'll go get all that content filmed.

And then guess what? The video I showed you guys at the beginning, how to build a Facebook ads campaign, Shopify and Facebook ads. And that's how we're going to go and create our first round of ads.

So I really hope you guys enjoyed this. This is how to build a Facebook ad from scratch with Nick Stereo. So make sure you like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

And I answer all you guys' comments. So drop some comments below and I'm happy to help you guys out. So, um, I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.