I helped the clothing brand do over $30,000 in a single day by running a high ticket giveaway. And in today's video, I'll be breaking down how we chose the product, how we set the giveaway up, how we created the creatives, how we set the ad account up, and then how we actually were able to scale this up $30,000 in a single day. First thing we'll be talking about is how to set up the giveaway.

This can be broken down into three key parts, the product choice, the software you need, and the legal rules doesn't get you into a lawsuit. Now, let's look at product choice first. If we look at these brands, they're all focused around automotive enthusiasts.

The most logical thing to do for a giveaway is actually a vehicle of some sort. Some of these brands start off with like a simple 25, 30K car before they start running 200 and 300K twin turbo Lamborghini Huracans. Now, the next thing we'll dive into is the software you need is something like Viral Sweep that you can install on the website that'll track the entries.

It'll allow a couple of different ways for people to enter. So this isn't official legal advice. And before you run a giveaway, you need to consult a lawyer first.

Here's a couple of things that we've unpacked after running ads for multiple different clients in the giveaway niche. Number one, you must have a free way to enter. This is probably the biggest one right here.

And it's going to separate yourself from running a casino versus a giveaway. And this is where I see most brands getting into legal trouble where they don't have any free ways to enter a giveaway. Commonly, this is like sharing this giveaway online, entering your email into the list, referring a friend.

But then also you'll have paid ways to enter, which always increases the number of entries. Now, number two, you need to consult a lawyer for what states you can and cannot run a giveaway in. There is certain states in the USA you cannot run a giveaway like this in.

And if you do, you can get sued. I have a lot of people that watch this channel that lives outside of the USA. I don't know the legalities of giveaways outside of the USA.

And lastly, number three, age limits. Some giveaways require participants to be 18 plus. And then also to the type of product you are giving away can also dictate the age.

Again, consult a lawyer before you do this. Now, let's go into the creative. The creatives can be split into three key things.

The desired outcome, urgency, and best-selling product. For example, if you're giving away a twin turbo Lamborghini Hurcon is to wake up one morning and be able to walk to your garage and you have a 1400 horsepower car sitting in your garage. You can go sit in, start up, and take for a zoom down the road.

That is the desired outcome. We want to sell the probability win that car. I also really like to sell the different features and benefits of that car.

For example, let's say it has a Performix exhaust on it. Do a single ad just around the performance exhaust of that car. This helps further build the value of that particular vehicle.

Another thing to sell the desired outcome is using success stories. Success stories increase the believability. This is an actual brand that is actually being ethical in the giveaway.

There's not just running these giveaways and no one's actually winning. Now, the next thing for creatives is just taking your already existing best-selling products and just simply highlighting the fact that, hey, if you purchased this shirt, you also get 5X entries today for our contest, giving away a twin turbo Lamborghini Hurcon. Now, the last thing for creatives is urgency.

Seven days before your giveaway ends is going to be the biggest seven days of the giveaway. This is where the most people will enter and where you're going to be able to spend the most money in the giveaway, where we really hammer a lot of messaging like last chance to enter, giveaway ends tomorrow, 48 hours left. All of these things build more urgency and increase the probability of someone entering.

And you'll see a huge rush of sales and orders during this period of time. Now, we're going to go into the ad account setup. For us, we're just using our already existing evergreen CBO campaign that we normally use.

All I'm simply doing here is creating a new ad set, still doing broad targeting, and I'm loading in one flexible ad, which has three creatives, one or two ad sets per week. Inside that campaign, probably for the first three weeks of the giveaway, and in the last week of the giveaway, I'll probably load anywhere between six to maybe 12 ad sets that week, really hammering giveaway. And that's also where we're going to be able to spend the most money and see the most hype for that particular giveaway.

Lastly, let's talk about scaling. For the giveaway, ideally, you would want to run this for about 30 days. And the first 21 days of the giveaway, you're going to be asking yourself, why the hell you did this?

Like, you won't really see a significant impact in sales to nine days before the giveaway. That's going to be your biggest impact in sales because people are waiting for the last minute to enter. Those first three weeks, we're scaling by 20% a day.

Now, for the last week of the giveaway, we'll probably be doing 100% increases every day during that week. And that's how we're able to peak out at $30,000 in a single day for this particular client. And then the next day, day after the giveaway ends, we'll typically see anywhere between a 90% to 95% drop in sales.

So all we'll do is literally cut back our ad spend about 85%, 90%. And then we'll also turn off all of our giveaway ads that we ran. I'll be very honest with you.

Usually for about three to five days after that giveaway ends, everyone's kind of hung over from all the ads you just pushed. And we'll typically see a big drop in sales for a couple of days, but it'll pick back up after about a week. And that's exactly how we help this client do 30k in a single day.

If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to come inside of your ad account, run your Facebook ads, create all the creatives, do all the market research, strategic positioning, all that good stuff, click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads.

Then if you are doing less than 100k a month in revenue, and you want me to mentor you or hold your hand through all the exact actions I take in ad accounts, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.