Hey, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and over the next 14 days, I'm going to show you the exact systems and processes we've used to generate over $20 million in online sales with Facebook ads.

We're going to go over how to craft a winning offer, how to build high converting Facebook ads, and how to scale Facebook ads to hit your revenue goals with inside your business. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriault and I've generated over $20 million online utilizing Facebook ads. We are a Facebook ads agency and we only work with clients.

So the 20 million does come from client revenue and we work with clients across e-com, app installs, and lead generation. We're also a Facebook accredited agency through their Facebook partner program. And we have spent over four and a half million dollars just in the last six months.

These systems and strategies I'm going to show you are the exact systems and strategies we use for an account spending a hundred dollars a day, all the way to an account spending $15,000 a day. So buckle up and get ready because over the next 14 days, I'll be pulling everything back and showing you step-by-step what we do and how you can implement this into your business. And at any time you're curious of how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals, click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll do a free strategy session together and we'll go ahead and give you that strategy to where you can either take it and run with it or you have the option to work with us if we think you're a good fit. That's the right there. So buckle up and let's get started.

Okay guys, part seven. Wow. This is the seventh video in the series and the finale, the last video of which we will talk about scaling the ad account and everything like that.

Found some winning ads. You've done a lot of work on the offer. You've developed a lot of time on the ad side and everything and you found some winning ads.

Now you are starting to put some money into things that are going to, you know, scale your business forward. And yeah, in fact, it's actually a very easy part. It's probably the easiest part out of the whole process.

And I mean, this video is going to be shorter, drastically shorter than the testing campaign video that we did last video. But yeah, guys, let's dive into it. So again, overview, this video has been particularly around scaling, winning ads and hitting business goals.

Again, this is gonna be based around a case study of how we did $137,000 in 30 days. And again, I kind of going over a few things with like how we only use three campaigns and we came from doing $16,000, a little less than a year ago. This brand was about $16,000, did about $137,000 in the last 30 days, which was June of 2022.

And they're projected to do roughly about $200,000 in July of 2022. Again, you'll see we only did about 2.5 ROAS. And I did a knowledge just in part five of just really deep on ROAS, how it really doesn't.

It's different for everyone and all that good stuff right there. So yeah, let's just jump straight into it because I really wanted to cover this with you guys. So especially because there's so much people that tried to replicate this and they just did it incorrectly.

So this particular campaign is basically just a one campaign, one ad set. That's it. That's all I use.

I don't know why there's people that believe that every time I find new winning ads, we create a new campaign, or I don't know why every time we create, we get new ads and we put them in that set, we create new ad set. I just don't understand why people believe that. It's all just old, outdated knowledge.

So what we basically did right here, again, we spent $32,000 last month on this one particular campaign of that same one ad set in there. And we put all of our winning ads in that ad set. You will see some of them are still on, some of them are off.

The ones that are off are obviously ones that just didn't stand the test of time. And the ones that are on are ones that are still converting really well for this particular account. Okay.

So yeah, like it's literally simple. You'll see there's 38 ads in here. And I remember people prehistorically telling me like, yo, Nick, you really can put that many ads in that set.

Yes, but I'm turning, they're not all on there. A lot of them are turned off. We think we only have roughly seven ads live at a time of filming this video.

So the setup, how we set this campaign up, obviously we're starting off brand new campaign, purchase conversions campaign, create new campaign. I call it prospecting. Again, CS is my initials from agency, WC means just website conversions and then CBO.

Now, when you are doing one ad set, CBO or ABO is completely obsolete in this perspective because ABO is basically where you have multiple ads that control the budget on each level. And CBO is basically where you let Facebook control the budget at the ad set because there's only one ad set. This realistically cancels out in that perspective.

I still prefer CBO because I like to just open up the account and adjust the budget right there at campaign level. If you want to adjust it at ad set level, that's perfectly fine as well. Just want to make sure you're guys aware of that.

CBO or ABO completely cancels each other out in this perspective due to that thing right there. Okay. So daily budget, I recommend $100 a day or $300 a day.

Just at least let's be able to run this for at least seven days. So if you're in a really tight budget, go with a hundred bucks a day. 300 bucks a day has also been really good too.

That's just time and time again, I find myself doing a hundred or 300. I'm not going to lie. There's a lot of times I just had to really just like nut up basically in that sense.

And I literally just set up a campaign, start off at $5,000 a day because we had to hit revenue goals. Like this is when I'm working with clients that are like, Hey, we have to do a $900,000 in revenue this month. No give or take.

And I'm like, cool. Well, how much am I going to spend? We're going to spend $300,000 this month.

Okay, cool. There's no time for me to spend a hundred dollars every day. Now, granted, they have a large cash reserve and they can afford that.

If you don't have that, start off with something like a hundred bucks a day or $300 a day. Okay. Next thing ad set.

So this is just set up with the ad set again, location, gender, age, and then broad. I don't do any interest or look likes. I'm maintaining consistency within my audience as we, um, you know, continue to build out the accounts.

Okay. Um, and then obviously, you know, purchase conversions, regardless of you just starting off or not, you're always doing purchase conversions. I don't care if you created your account five minutes ago, you're doing any purchase conversions, uh, which again, you already should have winning ads now because you're only creating this campaign.

Once you have winning ads in your testing campaign, if you do not have winning ads in your testing campaign, this campaign is pointless because you can't run it yet. You don't have winning ads. Go find your winning ads, go test your offers, go test your better ads, all that good stuff.

So that's very important. Next thing, again, I'm only excluding purchase 30 days and then placements, um, auto plus, all that good stuff right there. So next thing, what we need to do now is that we built the campaign.

We built that campaign. We built the ad set, but there's no ads inside of that ad set yet. That's okay.

So what we need to do is go get our ads. What ads do we want to bring into our scaling campaign in this? We basically want to go to our testing campaign.

We want to find our winning ads, the ads that we've identified are working well. If you want to know what ads are winners and what ads are don't, you need to go watch video part six, where I go through all of this. Okay.

So we're going to copy those winning ads. First thing you want to do is just go find your, your winning ads. So let's, for example, it's this ad right here.

I'm going to select it by clicking this little box. There's a little preview button right here. Just like, you know, it should be like around this.

Oh yeah, right here. So we'll click on preview and then this is going to pop up. I'm going to click on the share and I want to scroll all the way down and click on see Facebook posts with comments.

It's going to open into a new tab on your monitor. Just leave that, let that like sit in the background. And then I want you to exit out of this and still have that ad selected.

Okay. So having that ad selected, I want you to hit control C. This is going to copy the ad.

Okay. When you copy that ad, then what I want you to do is I want you to paste it. Let's see.

I'm not sure why. Okay, cool. Well, I thought I had another slide in there for like the pasting it, but basically you want to copy this and you want to paste it into that ad set that you had created in your prospecting campaign.

Okay. So you're copying ads from your creative testing campaign and you're pasting it into your scaling campaign. Now what I want you to do, um, again, um, I want you to go into the ad and you just paste it into your scaling campaign.

And I want you to take a look at it and you should have like ad setup right here. It should be on create an ad. I want you to drop this down and click on use existing posts.

And when you do that, it should, some things like this should pop up right here. Like it might already have a post pre-selected. That's okay.

Just let that be, but it'll say something right here, like enter post ID. You want to click on that and it'll have a box right to start typing a number. Okay.

Go back to that URL. You opened up a new tab and you'll see two numbers. It'd be facebook.com, a string of numbers, posts, and another string of numbers.

You want to copy this second string of numbers. Just copy that numbers. And what you're going to do is you're going to, um, paste it in right here.

Boom. And when you paste it in right here, you'll be able to choose existing posts. What this is going to do is it's going to retain the social proof from your, um, your creative testing campaign.

Okay. So you're taking your social proof from your, your testing campaign and you're retaining it. So we don't have any issues.

So if you have any issues with that, cause there's sometimes when you see this URL, it might say something like dynamic, um, you know, things like that dynamic creative, click on the little date by the post. So like you should be able to see like in the middle of your screen, you should be able to see like the, um, page page name, like just our standard post, click on the date and time right here. And sometimes that'll reset it to a proper like URL right here.

And if that still doesn't work, they've been using these new URLs that are just a little bit longer. Try to copy like the second half of that URL, everything past this little, uh, dash right there and paste it in. And that should also work too as well.

So, and again, the reason why we were using post ID is because it's retaining social proof. And then you can also continue to duplicate this ad into say, you know, there's no reason why you need to create new campaigns or anything like that. But if you were, you can keep duplicating this ad and you never have to worry about it.

Um, not converting or not, um, like losing the social proof because it's kind of like, like once you use a post, a social proof ad, it just stays within that ad right there. Um, now the only reason you have an issue is if you go back to your creative assistant campaign and duplicate it, cause that's not a social proof ad. That's still your standard ad setup.

Okay. Now, next thing recap. So just a quick recap.

Let's just say, for example, we just spent last 10 minutes, 20 minutes, copying over all of those ads over into our prospecting campaign. Um, it should look like something like this now. And again, it won't have to spin because obviously, you know, you just put them in there.

So you have your prospecting campaign, one campaign, one ad set, and all your ads, you just copied over that were winners from testing. Now, look, I have 12 here. You can start off with as little as one.

Okay. It's okay. I recommend trying to find like three winning ads.

That's like probably like a sweet spot. Um, three winning ads at least. Um, but you can start off with as little as one.

I've had plenty of times where I found one ad that just converted really well. And I just went all in with that one ad. Okay.

Nothing wrong with that, but I definitely would recommend at least three. That's like a sweet spot. So, um, again, unless you have a really strong performer.

Okay. Um, then you can go with that, you know, one, if you don't have the other two. Now, basically what you want to do is you want to just let this run for three days.

Okay. Let it run for three days, step away, close the ads manager. Don't check it for three days, come back.

And that's when you're going to start making the next adjustments. Okay. If you want to three days, just to let it run, just give it a little time to optimize things like that.

And then you can start looking at cutting ads. Okay. So we're going to look at a roster.

I'm going to start cutting ads that are on underperforming. So we're going to look at the last three days. If an ad is 15 to 25% under or over our goal KPI.

And it's spent more than one X AOV equals turn it off. Now, what do I mean by over goal KPI? So, um, for row as, you know, we want, um, like over, like we want to be over, which is good.

Um, or under anything under our robust that we want is bad. If we're optimizing for like leads, anything over our cost per, um, like cost per target is bad. So that's why I just be my bad.

So I have two clear examples right here. Okay. So turn off, turn off.

Okay. So you might get to a point where you're like, you have three ads. One of them is unprofitable.

Another one's unprofitable. Another one's unprofitable. Okay.

Then you have two options here. One. All right.

What is the one that like, I don't know, let's say, for example, you want a three extra S ones like at a 1.5 ones that are like a 1.8 and ones like a 2.3. Okay. All right, cool.

Let's cut the, like the 1.5, 1.8 and leave like 2.3 on just to keep getting sales in. Or do I want to cut them all off and go back to my testing, which again, your testing's be ongoing or just wait until your testing produces some new ads. Okay.

So that's another big thing too, right there. So you're going to have to decide if you want to sacrifice volume while you find new winning ads or become unprofitable or not even become unprofitable. Maybe just break even for a little bit until you find new winning ads that you can really push more pressure.

And again, it's going to differ by scenario. We have some clients that, you know, are super, super protective over their profits. Then I have some clients that are okay with operating because they're trying to hit certain goals within a business, even if they're not super profitable.

Now, the next thing, budget adjustments. Okay. So these are the three kind of budget adjustments that we do on a daily basis.

Look, this is a little bit more aggressive on this side. I find that this is just probably the easiest one to do. There's other ones that's like looking at like the last three days, last seven days, nothing wrong with that.

I just been finding this one to be like the easiest one for like pretty much anyone to do and still sees good results with. There's no complete right or wrong besides like once per day, 20%. I'm going to have a super, super strong ad.

Sometimes I've even done multiple, like one or two duplications in terms of like, if it's at a hundred dollars a day, I'll put the budget at $200 a day at nine o'clock in the morning. And then at four o'clock, I'm at $400 a day. But again, just for the sake of this video, for complexity, simplicity, this is the one to focus on.

So budget adjustments right here, budget increase. Yesterday, we hit our goal KPI. Today, we're at our goal KPI, increased budget by 20%.

And it even says specifically what time like, you know, kind of try to do this at. Okay. Budget decrease.

Yesterday, we did not hit our goal KPI. And today, we're still on there. Okay, cool.

Let's decrease budget by 20%. And I'm talking specifically about our prospecting campaign as a whole, that specific campaign. Again, just like one campaign, one ad set can increase or decrease.

Okay. Now, the next thing is do nothing. Okay.

Yesterday, we either hit or did not hit our goal KPI. And today, we did hit or didn't hit our goal KPI. So because they're two inconsistencies, a green and a red, we're going to do nothing.

If you get two reds, you're going to decrease. If you get two greens, you're going to increase. So just want to make sure that it's clear on that on the outside for that.

And while we're doing our budget adjustments, we're going to continue to keep adding in new ads that we find are winners. Okay. So again, every week, we're testing new batches of ads on a weekly basis, we're continuing to build new winning ads.

Okay. Yeah. And that's, that's literally that's it.

Like, that is how we do our scaling. It's super simple. And the reason why we do it so simple is because all the hard work goes into the offer, the landing page, the creative market research, like all the messaging, all that the testing, all that the actual part of just adding and winning ads, it's super simple.

And so many people over complicated because they over complicated, they make a mess in their ad account. So that's why we keep it simple. Next thing is you want to track your overall ROAS.

Okay. So on a daily basis, we have a simple Google sheet. This is something easy for you guys to do.

You can also go on my YouTube channel and have a video that's called like MBR sheet and you can go and you can download the sheet yourself. Okay. Basically on a daily basis, we report the Shopify revenue on a daily basis.

We report how much we spent on Facebook and how much we spent on Google. Okay. So that way, then we get the total spend $2,300 and we have the total revenue for that day, $7,500.

We get the overall ROAS of 3.24. Okay. Now, why is this important?

Okay. Why do we track the overall ROAS? There's been too many times where we cut an ad that looked unprofitable overall on Facebook and triple well.

And we saw an immediate drop in sales overall. We're like, whoa, what happened? Like what's going on?

And we realized it was because we cut an ad that we thought was unprofitable based off Facebook and triple well data. And then basically we just went and turned it back on. So tracking performance on a daily basis allows you to see the full picture.

Okay. You can also start to identify, you know, trends between Facebook and Google. If you're doing both right there, you can also start to see just like sales trends.

There's a lot of like, different things you can look at for more like correlations and things like that. Now, if overall performance drops significantly, look at overall ad account changes to determine if that was one of the reasons why. So let's say for example, yesterday you turned off an ad that was getting a lot of spin and then today like sales are slow.

It's very bad. Like what's going on? Then the next day it's like that.

And the third day it's like, okay, cool. Like something's up here. You go turn that ad back on because you realize, hey, that was the only big change I made.

And then boom. There's also another reason why we love account consolidation, which is basically this whole series is based off of that where you're only using three campaigns. Okay.

Now we're making fewer decisions in that account. This is how we manage ad accounts in 10, 15 minutes a day. And we're not spending a lot of time in them like a lot of people are.

So that's, what's really important about this. Now lower in platform ROAS goals. What does this mean?

So we talked about cutting ads based on ROAS goals, target ROAS and things like that. And you're going to start to notice that, okay, cool to hit a 2.5 overall in this account, which we needed a 2.5 to 3X is what we're shooting for for this particular brand. We need to hit a one point, literally 1.06 inside the ads manager.

Okay. This is due to one, the nature of this business that operates on a high amount of repeat customers to iOS 14.5 data loss. And that is really important because now you understand, okay, cool.

As long as we're hitting like a, like if we get, if we test an ad and we hit like a 2X on an ad, that looks really good. Let's bring that to our scaling campaign and start scaling because we can see that, you know, one X is to hit a 2.5. So we can establish a baseline and we can work on improving that baseline from there.

Okay. So that's another thing right there. So, you know, we were talking about ROAS goals and stuff right here.

So if I have an overall ROAS three and I'm not hitting three on any of these ads clearly based off this data right here, then that's going to be an issue. But then I realized, Hey, to hit a three overall or two, or even a 2.5 overall, all I need is a one. So then I reassess my goals.

All I'm doing is tweaking my goals and optimizing a little bit. That's it. That's all I'm doing.

Now, when do we do multiple skelly campaigns? So I know that's be a big question. I get, I know a lot of you guys will be asking this question.

Okay. So let's say, for example, we're targeting Germany. Let's say we're targeting USA.

Okay. And both, uh, both USA and Germany have different ads. Okay.

We're going to have two separate campaigns, one targeting Germany, the German ads, one targeting USA with the USA ads. Now, again, our testing campaign, one ad set can be Germany. One ad set could be USA both under the same batch number.

If it's the same kind of like angle in that perspective. Okay. So that's one way.

Another reason why we might have multiple scaling campaigns is different personas with different ads. Let's say we have a women's division of the business and we have a men's division of the business. Okay.

We're going to run two separate campaigns because we want to force spin in the specific personas. Okay. So another reason why a third reason why is we might have different lines of products.

So let's say for example, I own a gym men's clothing brand. I'm really pushing my men's clothing really hard. And all of a sudden we're launching a supplement line and we want to start putting some spin behind a supplement line to grow that side of the business.

Then I'm going to launch a second campaign to force spin there. Okay. This is the only time we'll do multiple scaling campaigns.

Okay. You know, generally like we have a multi-product store. We're going to put a lot of those products on the same campaign and that perspective right there, unless they're like different lines.

It's the only time we'll change it up. So again, men's clothing. Cool.

We'll put men's shirts. We'll put men's pants, put all of that in there. Okay.

And that one campaign supplement line. Cool. Let's drop all the different supplements and stuff like that.

Okay. Different lines of products, different personas with different ads or different countries with different ads as well. Now I never cut my scaling campaign off or duplicate it or any of this weird shit that you guys be doing.

My scaling campaign stays on, my ad set stays on and I dictate its performance by cutting ads off or increasing or decreasing budget. That is it. Okay.

Secondly is I cut off any ads that work, that don't work and add in ads that are promising to work better. So I'm constantly improving it from that perspective right there. Okay.

So a lot of you guys are like, I set this up for like one, one particular account. And like, I see this person constantly duplicating it, cutting it off. And like, I can tell they're going, just going through like a mental, like scramble in their head.

I'm like, okay, wow. So, you know, with this right here, this is basically like, I just don't touch this campaign at all. I don't duplicate it.

I don't turn it off. Just let it run. And I keep feeding it better ads to continue to improve the campaign's overall performance.

Now let's start getting into a few of you guys who are going to be like, Oh my God, Nick, this is not working for me. You know, this is a scam. I wasted my time watching a series.

It's free series that you had no obligation to watch. Nick, it's not working for me. All right, cool.

Let's look back, look back at what you can control. How much time did you spend on your offer? Okay.

Did you really spend time on building and crafting a winning offer? Or did you just pull some random shit you saw off TikTok and throw it up there and hope, you know, it works. Landing page.

Can I actually go on your landing page and learn about the product and all my questions be answered and have confidence and high conviction at purchasing from you? It's going to be a really the greatest thing ever. Or is it just like buy my product?

Here it is. You know, like how shit does that look? Okay.

Next thing, ad messaging. Does your ads actually have the right messaging in it that really grabs my attention and really channels my desire into your product? Really speaks to me for my consumer, my persona, and my customer avatar?

Or is it just like a picture of a random product and then like, all right, cool. Buy it. It's, it's, you know, it's nice.

Like that's another thing. Then the last thing is ad creative. Are you selling Louis Vuitton type products and you're taking pictures of fricking iPhone four and it's like early back quality, all that stuff like that.

That's another thing you need to look at. So these are all things you can control. You can't control anything else.

Like a lot of people like think like, oh, well, you can control like the audiences and all that shit like that. Like, look, none of that makes you more money. These are the things that make you more money.

Okay. How much time are you putting into each of these? You know, did you spend five minutes looking at the offer and boom, just been five minutes looking at the landing page.

Just been five minutes putting some messaging together. Like how much time are you constantly crafting and getting like really getting better at each one of these? That's a big factor right there.

Okay. Have you talked to someone who's an expert in each one of these that can help you? You know, um, me personally, like our agency specializes in the messaging and the creative side.

Whereas I teamed up with people that like are experts in landing pages to review and landing pages as far as people that are kind of experts in more of the offer side. So that way, you know, go talk to people that are experts in these fields to figure out what you don't know. Cause a lot of times it's the lack of perspective that you think you have really great assets and you realize, oh wait, no, I don't.

And it's because your lack of perspective. That's okay. It can be changed.

Um, you do not need to change the ad account structure or create new campaigns that will not help performance. So a lot of you guys are like, oh, performance is bad. Let me duplicate this campaign.

Let me do all this. None of that's going to help. You need better ads, better ads, winning ads.

Those are the things that allows you to scale and hit your revenue goals. Okay. Create a better offer, build better landing page, build better ads.

Those are things that's going to help you. And if things are not working for you right now, focus on those three things. That's going to improve your business.

Now habits of a successful marketer, um, throughout this whole series, you start to really peep into the fact that the ad account structure, all that is meaningless. The creative, the persona, the audience research, all of these things of a great marketers, the things that really drive performance. Okay.

So what are some of the winning habits that's allowed me to improve my marketing mindset over the last seven years that I've been in this field? What has allowed me to drastically grow? A lot of people ask me this question all the time.

So first thing is look at what you have now. Okay. If you're starting to test ads the proper way, now start to review each ads, add that wins and understand why it worked and also review ads that did not work and understand why they didn't.

Okay. Why did this ad work? Why is it working so well?

Why is it getting a lot of purchases? Why is it bringing them to scale versus this ad that did horrible? Why didn't it work?

Really review it, even send it off to friends and buddies and stuff like that and see if they can even tell you anything. Cause there's been plenty of times where I review now. I think it's amazing.

No clue why I sent somebody or two and they they're like, wait, look at this, look at this. And I'm like, Oh shit. Yeah, you're right.

Okay. I understand now. Next thing is spend 30 minutes a day reviewing winning ads from other brands.

Go to Facebook ads library, go look at some of your favorite brands already that are large scale brands and look at the ads that are running and really pick apart each brand and really understand, Oh, Hey, like, you know, like my Avi, that's a really good one with Ash. He's doing a really great job on the ad side. Go look at my Avi, look at all their ads and understand why they look successful.

What was some of the successful traits of them and things like that and really pick apart. So in 30 minutes every single day, it's also going to start really building your copywriting mind and your creative mind. And so start really giving you a lot of ideas to run for your brand.

Third one is read 30 minutes a day of marketing books. And I'm going to show you guys, um, like a bunch of books that you guys can, like all books I've read, all books I love. Okay.

Um, that you guys can pull apart and then focus on what you control successful marketers. The biggest reason why they're successful is because they focus on the highest efficiency actions of the business. Okay.

When you focus on the highest leverage actions of business, that's how you do very little to make a monumental shift in your business revenue trajectory, all that good stuff. But in order to do that, you need to focus on what you control, focus on those big things. Successful marketers is 99% of the time.

When I go into a business with and consult with someone, I'm the person that's telling them what not to do and choose what to focus on. That's going to drive the biggest impact. They're like, Hey, let's do ABL.

Let's do CBL. I'm like, look, that's all things in the pipeline, but that will not affect your performance. You need to focus on this.

They focus on that. Then all of a sudden, boom, their business skyrockets because I've guided them and shown them what not to do and what to do. And that perspective of what to focus on now in terms of books, um, my all time favorites, breakthrough advertising by Eugene Swartz.

I'm not going to lie. It is a complex read. It's a very high level book and I read it probably once a quarter.

It's an extremely good book. Um, it's a very high level approach to advertising. Honestly, the first two times I read it, I did not understand it at all.

Now that I finally really start to understand it and applying it, it's making huge shifts into my business. Then you have books like copywriting secrets by Jim Edwards. It's a really good beginner book, making ads pay another really good book by John Caples, the ad week copywriting handbook.

Another really good one. Um, how to write copy that sells by Edwards Ray, the borderline boron letters. It's a really good book, very short read, but very good book.

Um, and then cashvertising. Um, another good one too, is called outrageous advertising, and then getting everything you can out of everything. It's something like that.

Um, another really good book. I was gifted this book as well. Um, that's another really good book.

And then, uh, obviously you can't go wrong with a hundred million dollar offers by her Monzi. That's another, a top of the line book. These are all books that I highly recommend.

Um, a hundred million dollar offers and breakthrough advertising stays at my desk 24 seven breakthrough advertising. It's going to run you about four or $500 USD to get this book. If you go like Amazon or eBay, but there's a website called like breakthrough advertising book and you can purchase it by giving like $197 and you can get that book from there.

So that's another good place to get it as well. Um, if you even go further down on YouTube channel, I even have a video on like getting the book and like did a vlog and all that good stuff like that. So yeah.

And last thing I want to leave you guys with is why people will fail. Cause look, honestly, like got a lot of views, got a lot of attention on the series. Thank you guys so much for it.

I really appreciate a lot, but there will be percentage of people that will fail watching this. Okay. And why, what will be the cause of that failure?

And what I mean by failure is I mean more of, they're going to take action on this and they're not going to see the results they want. That's the failure I'm defining. And why will I not see those results?

Okay. One, they did not do the work on the offer, the landing page or the ads. They simply skipped the first four or five videos and waited until I started talking to the ad account structure.

Okay. That's a huge issue right there. Okay.

I saw people in the comments talking about it. Like this is not even a strategy. This is just, you know, yada, yada, yada.

I'm like, yeah, but are you taking action on it? No, that's, this is what it's going to draw. This is the 20% of things you need to focus on is to drive 80% of your results.

Okay. Second thing, they think that ad account structure will handle everything. They think if they have this perfect ad account structure, it's just going to be glimpse and boom, they're done running ads.

It's about understanding economics. It's about understanding psychology. It's about understanding creative.

It's about understanding people. And that's, what's going to handle everything. Ad account structure is very, very, very small part of the puzzle.

Okay. And I'm trying to really drive this into you guys, because this is what allowed me to go from, you know, being stuck, spending a hundred bucks a day with ads and never understanding how to scale to be able to spend seven figures, you know, a million dollars in a month to even doing over $20 million in revenue for our clients last two years because of this third thing is lack of marketing knowledge. Again, everyone's starting at a different starting point.

Okay. So this can be fixed. This is a mindset of, do you have an abundance mindset in the perspective of, okay, cool.

I don't have the marketing knowledge now, but I will work on a daily basis and I will get there versus, oh, I can't do good ads. I don't have marketing. I don't have a good marketing knowledge.

Well, what are you going to do about it? I don't know. I'm just going to be a failure.

Like, okay, cool. Like, you know, if you have that type of mindset, you deserve it. But if you have like a marketing knowledge, which I did too, at one point, I continued to study and build ads and I could continue, continued, I focused on those habits of a successful marketer every day.

Then the last thing is focusing on things they cannot control. If you're focusing on things you cannot control, then you're wasting your time. You need to focus every day on things you can control, offer, landing page, better ads, better business, better customer service, better shipping, build, expanding product lines, things that you can control.

That's going to make big impacts in your business. So you, if you focus on things you cannot control, that's going to set you up for failure. So guys, without further ado, that is the end of how to run Facebook ads in 2022.

I really appreciate you guys checking into the series and I hope you guys enjoyed it. I definitely had a lot of fun filming this and honestly, this is probably like, you know, 137 slides. I'm looking right now at the bottom of my screen for this whole Google slideshow.

Basically, you know, from point A to point B of everything and definitely the most work I've ever put into a YouTube video ever. So for the people that are stuck around all the way through to this point, I just want to give an immense thank you very much for staying this far. You know, I just by you staying this far, it's going to automatically put you in the top 1% of advertisers in terms of people that's willing to take action, willing to learn, willing to invest in themselves, and it's going to set you up for a lot of success in your future.

So thank you so much for spending this time with me. Really enjoyed, you know, being able to provide this for you guys and I want nothing but success for everyone watching this video. So I wish you the best and I'll be talking to you guys later.