How to actually test new Facebook ad creatives in 2023, a way that is works, a way that is simple and predictable, and is something that we've been doing to spend a little over, a little close to $2 million a month across our 10 accounts that we run for Facebook ads. I'm going to show you exactly how we do it. I'm going to go in the ad account today.

I'm going to set up a creative test, actually show you inside of the ad account. But before we actually show you guys how to set up in the ad accounts, we need to look at what you need to do to prepare it. How do you build these creatives?

And what are some of the key things you need to look at? So number one is always look at your market research. Look, I'm not going to go through all of these, but you know, we spend 80% of our time on market research.

And the market research is how we draw conclusions and hypothesis on what we need to create. We don't just go down and create. Everything stems from market research only create our ads.

Then when we use our tool called Adcelerator, which we use to plan out our ad concept, this is where we help you kind of start to put together the brief and how we keep a track record of everything we test. This is so important right here. You need some type of Google sheet that shows every ad concept you test, and that way you can log through results.

And what was your thinking of why you created that? That's how you improve with every ad concept. Now, for the ad concept side, we want three creatives, three full new creatives, one body copy, one headline, all brand new, and they all need to fit the desire, market awareness, market sophistication, and identity of your marketplace.

Now, again, these can be three creatives, three videos, or three images, never mix. So you could have like 10 DCTs with like four of them or ad concepts, four of them images, and the other six videos, but do not do an ad concept with videos and photos together. And that's because when we do our brief, we're briefing our copywriter and our editor and showcasing what type of video we want or what type of image we want.

So I don't want to say here's the type of image we want and I need a video and they have to go pull inspiration somewhere for a video. We plan out the script, we write the script for the video, we're getting a video. Now, before I show you the ad concept prepared for today and the creatives that we created for today's tutorial, make sure to hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you're new to the channel and have no clue who I am, my name is Nick Theriault. I've done over $90 million in revenue for clients with Facebook ads, and I run a Facebook ads agency, and I also coach and mentor students. Both of those links can be found in the comments below.

So back to the creatives we created today. Here's three creatives I got for you guys today. These are all created using mid journey and the product is this product right here.

I would say these things the best. I just kind of pull this really quick for this video. And we wanted to just test basically a couple of new environments for this particular product.

We got a mom and a son, another mom and a son, and I don't know why this one just kind of got tossed in there. But yeah, so this is our ad concept. I have three creatives, and then we have some new body copy.

Again, I wrote this like in 10 seconds while I was preparing a slideshow. So don't judge me. Mother's your best.

Yeah, I'm not even gonna go through that. You can pause and read if you want. And then we have a new headline.

Now, this is the winning body copy we have for the account that I will show you guys today. Look, you guys can funnel hack me if you want that this store is doing like $600 a day in revenue. It's a dummy store we use just purely just to show you guys how to run ads.

That's it. And then a winning headline. Now, once we have all of this put together, we want to review with your team.

Do a final review with your team. If you're by yourself, if you are running ads by yourself, what I recommend doing is take a step back. Don't look at these things for 24 hours.

Then come back and look at it again and do the review. When you do that and you separate yourself for 24 hours, you're gonna have completely new ideas and you're gonna see things you wouldn't normally see that you need to fix. You do have a team, then my video editor sends me all the final stuff.

It goes from me to my strategist, to my strategist, to my copywriter, back to my strategist, then to my video editor, then back to my strategist, and then to me. And we do a review and we have a review of the whole team. Make sure that these are quality things we launch.

And I'm gonna show you guys now how to actually launch this creative test that we have everything. So we're gonna go to ad accounts. I'm following our one campaign strategy CBO on.

And I'm just gonna dive in here real quick. This is our main ad set right here. And all I'm gonna do is hit create.

Now I have plenty of videos. If you just search up broad targeting times dynamic ads, you'll find plenty of videos, my YouTube channel of how I have this ad account structure set up. It's nothing like secretive right there.

I'm just gonna call this YouTube example, but you can call your ad set, whatever you want. And then, and yeah, that's pretty much all I'm gonna do. Create a new ad sets.

And inside of this ad set right here is a couple things we're gonna do. So first things first is I'm just selecting website. You can do website and shop if like shop works for you.

But yeah, I'm just gonna do website and then maximize some more conversions. Select your pixel. Make sure it's purchase.

Purchase only all day, every day. And then I leave attribution setting to seven day click one day view. I'm turning dynamic creative on.

I like to launch things at midnight. That's just what I like to do. Just because it gives like the whole account a fresh chance to optimize with this new thing.

So start date exclude just do purchase 30 days. That's it. There we go.

Cool. Location, whatever you're targeting, whatever country you're targeting, age group, whatever your age group is. I don't do detail targeting.

I don't do custom audiences. I don't do look like audiences or anything like that. That's it.

So that's all I do right here. And then I'm gonna come over to our sales ad. And this is just simply like a dynamic ad.

That's all it is. So yeah, I'll call this YouTube dynamic. YouTube dynamic.

All right, cool. Now I'm gonna select our images. I do need to actually upload these.

All right. So now we got our images uploaded. I'm just gonna select all three images.

Let me hit continue. Now I'll have all three in here. I'm gonna turn off optimize creative for each person.

And then I'm gonna add in our website URL. Boom. Now we start seeing some stuff.

Now let's start adding in our text. So again, one body copy is going to be like new and one is going to be winning. So here's the new one.

Obviously you want to like space this out and like make this look better. I'm not gonna spend too much time on it because of it's just a test for YouTube. And then I'm add my second primary text.

Does not matter what order you add these in. It just Facebook's gonna randomize them anyway. All right, cool.

Obviously, like I said, you'd want to space this out and make this look better. All right, headlines now. So we're gonna add in our winning headline.

And then we're gonna add in our new headline as well. There we go. Cool.

And that's it. Description. I don't really add description unless I see my headline.

It's not long enough. So like right here, like is this wouldn't show the headline or the description, but if it just said like this, then you see right here, it'd show that description because it's so short. So it just depends on how long the headline is.

But usually you fill up the headline and we never add description. And then for call to action, I always do shop now, especially if you're e-com and then yeah. And then if you're on like triple L or something like that, go ahead and do your, you are parameters.

And then that's it. From there, you can just hit publish, make sure all your pages as well as selected, but that's it. That's all we do.

That's how you launch a creative test. So this is a DCT test right here. And let's just go back.

There we go. So there we go. We have a DCT setup right here.

All right. So let's just go back to the account. Now, now that we launched our first creative test, what we're going to do is we're going to keep repeating steps one through four.

All right. So what is one through four? Market research, plan out the ad, review the ad and launch the creative test.

We're going to keep repeating one through four until we find our first winning DCT. What is a winning DCT? Winning DCT is when it takes majority spin.

You can see right here, 123 majority of spin. And we confirm the impact on the business. We make sure that the overall business was positively affected.

We're doing more revenue. We can spend more profits up CPAs down. Like this all looks really good numbers.

Now my, like probably the account that took the longest to figure this out was this one particular account where it took, we had to test 22 DCTs over 48 days. So it took, we had to basically do steps one through four, like I just showed you 22 times or 23 times until we find our winning ad over 48 days, 23 times three, we created 69 new creatives. And that wasn't that pun.

It wasn't completely intended just so happened to be it, but we tested 69 new creatives over new as in like freshly shot stuff. And that's what I recommend. Don't keep repurposing stuff as it just doesn't really help things.

And we did over 48 days and that's how we took this account from April 1st through September 10th from $5,000 a day in revenue to $32,000 a day in revenue, profiting literally $7,500 a day. So yeah, guys, that's how we do a creative test. Hope you guys enjoyed this video.

If you have any questions, drop a question below and I'll be happy to answer it. Thank you all for watching. Hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.