Welcome to part four and the finale of how to create Facebook ads that convert in 2023 advanced guide. This is where I literally have taken the same principles I've learned in breakthrough advertising, which has made me over $50 million for my clients, not me personally, but for my clients and partners that I've grown their businesses with for $50 million in revenue. And this particular series has taken all the same principles and everything I've learned in this book.

So if you haven't read breakthrough advertising yet, you can rewatch the series and know all the other like tactical stuff you need to deploy. I still recommend picking up the book you can get from breakthroughadvertisingbook.com and reading it just to get a little bit further understanding of some of these principles and also get a little bit more examples in that case right there. But I'm giving it to you all in this four part side comments below to get access to one, two, and three in terms of those videos right there.

But thank you all so much for the love and support on this series. And hopefully it helps you guys out. If you're curious about why am I credible to be teaching this again, I've done over $50 million in line revenue for my clients with Facebook ads, and we specialize with creating ads that convert.

Okay. And this is our signature process right here. Okay.

And I'm giving it to you guys to help you guys out as well. And if you're looking for someone to actually help you implement these things, then I have two options. One, you can click the link below to go have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads while actually come in your business and run the ads for you.

I have accounts that have helped scale to literally $100,000 a day. Um, we've done $25 million in revenue for literally just one of our clients and literally took from literally like a hundred dollars a day in spend. We've done a lot of really cool stuff, a lot of great results.

Uh, and also have, have Nick Terrier mentor you or have a small coaching circle. That's perfect for people who are looking for that more one-on-one mentorship style feedback. And that's where I can help you out as well.

So click links below for that. And before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, let's get started. So in part three, we talked about redefinition.

Um, part two, we talked about kind of belief desire or desire and identification. And then part one, we also talked about like the things you have to get to before you can write your headline. Okay.

Now I want to talk about mechanization, concentration, and camouflage. Um, concentration and camouflage are fairly quick and mechanization is also semi decent, but let's start looking at what these key things are. So mechanization goes further back to how your product works.

What is the mechanism you use to get me the results I want? Okay. Well, let me answer this further.

You must answer these three questions or your ad will fail. That is more information, images, desire. Prospect is telling me more about your product proof.

Prospect wants it, but wants to know it's true proof. Your, you know, your product works in that case. And then mechanism is they want the end result, but they want to know how it works.

Okay. And there's three different ways to do this. There's name, the mechanism, describe the mechanism and feature the mechanism.

Okay. So three different ways to, to, um, articulate this in that case. Okay.

So the easiest way to put it is let's say for example, um, like a recipe to cook something. Okay. Let's say for example, you want to cook a, I don't know, a Philly cheesesteak.

Okay. So Philly cheesesteak is the mechanism and the recipe is like the process of how to actually, you know, achieve that Philly cheesesteak. Okay.

So that's how I want you to look at a mechanism. The name of the mechanism is the, um, you know, the food you want to cook. And then to articulate that to people, you see, to showcase how that mechanism works, showcase the recipe, what step you have to do.

Okay. So we'll go over name the mechanism. So this is name the mechanism.

This is where you can just name it and then go on to beat the competitors with price of features. Okay. So let's say for example, everyone is doing broad targeting and that's the new mechanism that everyone is chasing with Facebook ads.

So when I'm pitching a competitor or pitching a client on working with us, and I already know that everyone's doing broad targeting and I'm doing broad targeting as well. I'm just going to say that where do we do broad targeting? I do not need to explain it because they already know what it is because they've already done it, or they've also done other stuff like that.

And then I'm going to beat the competitors with better features and a better price. Okay. So, or like either one or without limitations.

Okay. So it only works for higher levels of market sophistication. So again, going back to market sophistication, which we discussed in part one, this is only where you, you can do higher levels of market sophistication.

Okay. This is already actively seeing a mechanism of the ploy across the market. Everyone's doing broad targeting.

So I'm just going to say we do broad targeting. I do not need to describe it or show how it works. Okay.

I can just simply name it. That's something we do. And then, you know, I can either remove limitations from it or increase the features of it for whatever example.

Okay. The key thing here to access, does my prospect understand this mechanism already from other competitors ads? Okay.

So look at other competitors ads, do deeper research to see like, like, like for example, if I'm, if I'm pitching a agency client, um, do deeper understanding, have they received a pitches from other like agencies also doing broad targeting that case right there, understanding all of that is going to allow me to decide, do I need to name the mechanism or do I need to describe it or feature it? Okay. Now stage two, this is where the prospect does not understand the mechanism.

Okay. This is where I need to describe the mechanism to the prospect. Okay.

You build a strong, quick promise. Then you follow up the reason why you can deliver that promise. So basically in this center right here is that, Hey, I'm going to help you, you know, create Facebook.

I'm going to help you build Facebook ads that convert. I'm helping you, I'm giving you a promise. Then I can follow up the reason why you can deliver that promise.

I can help you build Facebook ads that convert because I leverage psychology based creatives. Here's the problem. Here's how we do it.

We, you know, and then I basically say, Hey, we do desire market awareness, market sophistication, understanding all this also to position the ad. Then we go through, you know, um, identification, belief, mechanization, desire, like all that good stuff right there to make sure that we, we put the right content in the ad after we have it positioned correctly to be able to help build as I convert. Okay.

That's describe the mechanism exactly like that. Exactly how I did that. Now, um, go back to this two is that the prospect does not understand the mechanism.

Okay. So you have to assume that the prospect has never heard your mechanism yet. Okay.

So that's a big thing in there. Now, this is more, the difference between describe the mechanism and feature mechanism is describe the mechanism as a lower stage of marketing, uh, market sophistication, whereas feature mechanism is a new chance for your prospect to satisfy their desire when they fail that others, a new glimpse of hope. Okay.

So let's say, for example, you know, they've done macro counting they've done, um, I don't know, they've done CrossFit like different types of exercises and stuff like that. Then all of a sudden the new mechanism comes out. And the key thing here is that the new mechanism comes up as keto.

And here's what keto is. And the whole ad is around keto, the new mechanism. Okay.

So the difference between describe the mechanism and feature the mechanism is that you have an ad that starts off with like maybe problem aware solution, aware or unaware, and it goes through everything. And this is just part of the ad for describe the mechanism. Whereas feature mechanism is the main focus of the ad.

The whole ad is around the mechanism. We're not talking anymore about, you know, are you overweight? Are you looking to get ripped?

Stuff like that. No, we're just saying keto, new diet that just hit the market that is changing the lives of others. Here's how keto works.

Whereas describe the mechanism. We have a full ad that starts off with, do you feel tired when you wake up in the morning? You know, is it hard for you to go to sleep?

Do you feel grounded throughout the day? This can be signs of your overweight, you know, overweight, blah, blah, blah. Here's why that's bad.

Solution is, you know, to do something like a diet or weight loss. All right. One of the most effective forms of weight loss is macro counting.

Oh, you don't know what macro counting is macro counting, which that's the mechanism is macro counting. Macro counting is simply taking an app on your phone called My Fitness Pal and count the amount of calories you eat during the day. Simply, you know, what you're eating, search them in their database of over 11 million foods and then type it in and boom.

And your goal is at the end of the day to be 500 calories less than your maintenance goal. And this is how you easily lose one pound a week. So you see, I'm just describing the mechanism as the ad gets to that level, whereas feature mechanism is more specifically around the whole ad being direct, straightforward to that mechanism.

Yeah. This is like a stage three, three, four or stage three market sophistication, where it's introducing a new mechanism. Whereas describe the mechanism is like, you know, stage one, stage two in that case, and then stage one is going back to more like a stage four.

So, um, market sophistication. Okay. So that's mechanization.

And again, why that's important. Mechanization is important because it offers that how does the ad work? I've seen so many ads where there's just no, how does this product work?

And if people don't understand how this product works, then what's going to happen is that people will not click on the ad. Now, if you are in a stage where people already understand the mechanism, you can just name it. But if people do not understand it, you need to describe it.

And if people are already tired of that mechanism, you need to introduce a new mechanism. So like for us, we run psychology based ad creatives using our signature process. Okay.

Now that's mechanization. Let's move over to concentration. Okay.

Concentration in as easily as possible to say it is basically how we're going to destroy alternate ways for your product to satisfy their desire. We want to destroy other ways for them to satisfy their desire. Okay.

So this is simply a strategy called direct attack and direct attack is where we pull out the negative reasons of other solutions or other products. Okay. So this is like almost like an us versus them style ad in that case right there, where you're pulling out the problems of your competitors or the market in whole and showing how you have a better solution, better product.

Okay. Now the key thing here is that you cannot name a competitor. Okay.

That are a product. That's the key thing, or you will get sued. Just be fully transparent with you.

So that's very big right there. Okay. So ultimately, um, give you some more information right here is never attack a weakness unless you provide a solution to that weakness.

So let's say for example, you know, uh, we have a mushroom product, for example, that gives you energy and maintains focus and stuff like that. We could hit on a problem with coffee, coffee, shrink, shore blood vessels in your head, which causes you to feel dehydrated and ultimately makes you feel more tired in the day after drinking a cup of coffee. Whereas our mushroom product allows you to still get the same energy, still get the same focus as our, um, as coffee, but without the grogginess at the end of the day, you see how directly attacked a problem with coffee.

And I even gave some data and key points of why that's a problem right there. And then I'm destroying that with our product. Okay.

So I want to basically shit on the other reasons, the other solutions. Cause again, you can, you can talk about solutions, other solutions, how they're bad and how your solution is the best solution. Or you can talk about other products in that, or they're also looking at, so for example, I can do a solution aware ad that's talking about how all these other problems, like all these other solutions are bad for these reasons.

And then a product aware ad can be talking about how all these other mushroom products are bad because they don't use, you know, our particular mushroom product uses the mushroom like heads basically where the other mushroom products use mushroom, like waste. And that case right there, just a cheaper form of mushrooms. We use a higher quality form of mushrooms, which is ultimately gives us more pure extract and gives you more value for your price.

So the goal here is to simply look at weaknesses across your market, whether it's solution aware or product aware and hit those particular problems across your market, which ultimately gives you a better selling ad right there. Okay. Again, direct attack.

Now, the key thing here is you have to have a solution for that weakness. If you do not have a solution for that weakness, then you can't do it because then you're just gonna look like an ass in that case right there and people are gonna laugh at you. And I don't want people laughing at y'all.

I want you guys making results. I want you guys crushing out there. Now, last strategy is called camouflage.

Okay. Camouflage is simply the act of disguising your ad to borrow believability. Okay.

Now I'm gonna give a few different ways. So camouflage, they talk about it in breakthrough advertising in one way, but I'm also going to give it in a more 2023 way. Okay.

Cause break through advertising was about 1960s, but these ad psychology principles has been around forever. Cause it's about psychology. It's about consumer psychology.

It's why these principles work so well. So the key thing with camouflage is you're disguising your ad to borrow believability. Okay.

So let's look at different ways we can disguise our ad. First off, you could do a white listing thing where you basically white list, um, like someone else's Facebook page on your, your ad account to where you run ads through their Facebook page. Uh, we were working with this sunglass brand can't really name them, but they've worked with some celebrities.

Okay. Um, they're actually getting sued because they're like going through like bankruptcy and shit like that. I don't know.

Crazy shit, but long story short, this particular sunglass brand, um, we were able to cut acquisition costs from like $400 all the way down to like $200 and at scale by simply using a, another celebrity's Instagram account and running all of their ads for a celebrity. This substantially increased the revenue for the business because we cut acquisition down by half. They were already profitable at a $400 acquisition with a $1,200 AOB, but now we cut it down to a $200 acquisition cost with a $1,200 AOB.

And we were able to spend significantly more money. We borrowed believability by running Facebook ads through someone else's Facebook ad account. So now it became the celebrity selling people, these particular glasses, not us selling these glasses.

Okay. So that's how it's one way how we borrow believability. Another way is, you know, the like organic content, for example, like when I create content on YouTube, I have to trim it up a different way when I upload it to Twitter because I want it to fit more native with Twitter.

So just how you respect the medians of what you're advertising on and how you're positioning your content needs to filter with the median you're advertising on. Okay. So that's just a few different examples with camouflage right there.

And that's ultimately, honestly, that's it. That's literally the whole book of breakthrough advertising. And we deploy all of these principles.

Again, this was more around the, what you call it, the enhancing techniques. So, you know, building the rest of the ad, we talked about belief, desire, identification. We talked about getting all the stuff you need to build the headline.

We talked about building a headline. We talked about what you need to put in your ad to build belief, desire, identity. And then we talked about enhancing techniques of how to further improve, you know, the ad itself and make it more efficient.

So this is pretty much everything. Again, this is everything that we deploy on our accounts. This is how we've literally been able to help brands like this one brand.

We came on board with this, the most money they ever spent on Facebook, guys, $450,000. And within one year, we took that brand from a thousand dollars per day and spend to 15K a day and spend at scale. And we have them do 400 or we did $4.5 million in spend.

So we 10X their Facebook ad spend in 2022. And we have them do $25 million in revenue for their business. So we've been able to do some insane things by applying this.

This can be applied to lead generation, e-com, app installs. It's all marketing fundamentals, which if you understand marketing fundamentals, you realize that that's the ultimate thing. And the only thing that changes is the offer, different offer, which for me, an offer is a product, not talking about 10% off things like that.

I'll talk about the product itself. All we're doing is swapping out different products, services, things like that, but we're still applying these same marketing fundamentals from there. Now, you might be wondering, Nick, how do I actually run these?

Like how I should deploy like this on Facebook side? We do one campaign broad targeting with dynamic creative testing. So I definitely recommend 10X Performance with DCTs.

It's a video uploaded recently where I talk about a lot of just like how to actually run and create tests inside of like a Facebook ad campaign. I highly recommend going watch this video because I also link you to two other videos I want you to watch. And in that video right there, this can give you a very strong process of which how we create tests and our Facebook ads within the ad account from a tactical side.

This is more of the fundamental side, the higher level things that's going to make you more money. But you know, I taught you how to do, you know, basically drafting to draft up or like an architect. I just taught you how to be an architect to architect a huge house and like the finest thing you'll ever build.

But now this video is going to show you how to actually use the hammer. Okay. And that's the problem.

A lot of people confused with how to use the hammer just because you know how to use a hammer does not make you an architect. Okay. An architect knows how to actually design, articulate a house to meet all these codes and things like that.

So that's a big key thing here that a lot of people still do not understand, which is pain in the ass, but I'm helping you guys out as much as I can. So I really hope you all enjoyed this series. Make sure you drop a like below, drop a comment below as well.

I'll link the parts one, two and three in case you missed any. And I really hope you guys enjoyed this series. It's something that I've been working on for months, honestly, because like I've been deploying this whole slide deck to my whole team, make sure everyone understood it.

And also make sure I can understand from perspective that we actually can actually like, I can actually talk about it to give you guys actual experience on my side of applying it. It's made my clients a lot of money and I don't know, I'm just happy. I'm very happy for the series.

Happy for you guys, because y'all gonna crush it this year. And uh, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. If you're looking for someone to help implement this into your business, then click the link below for have Nick Terrio run your ads.

If you're looking for someone to help you, coach you and mentor you on how to implement this into your business, then click the link below, have Nick Terrio mentor you. So thank you all for watching. My name is Nick Terrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.