Yo, what's good on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today, I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today, I want to talk about breaking that ceiling. I find a lot of people get into this, they're scaling up and they hit this ceiling where after everything, after it just kind of diminishes returns, essentially, you start seeing a lower row as you find like, oh, I can only scale to a thousand dollars a day after that.

It just drops really bad. So I want to talk about this creative ceiling or this scaling ceiling that's completely invisible. It's something that's made up in your mind.

And how do we actually break past that? Because we've done this for a lot of clients, full transparency. I run an e-commerce agency.

We work with multiple clients. We've helped a lot of clients scale past certain levels in their business. And I really want to talk about how do you actually break past that?

So with that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button and drop a comment below. Where do you find your ceiling is when you're scaling? Like once you cross over 500 dollars a day and spin, you notice poor performance.

Maybe it's a thousand dollars a day. Maybe it's $10,000 a day. I know I have a few people on this channel that do well over $10 million in sales per year.

So there's different levels for everyone. And we're going to hopefully address those in today's video. So let's dive into the video, guys.

So a ceiling, a scaling ceiling. Again, this is something that is completely made up in your mind. Some people live and die by this.

Like they literally feel like this scaling ceiling is the complete dictating ship of their business and how it's going to be for the next few years. Hey, this business is capped at $5,000 a day. I can, there's no way I can scale this, scale this product past $5,000 a day.

Like that's it. I'm capped at this. And then I look at their actions and here's their current actions.

They look at their Facebook ad account. They do a few tweaks to it. They sit down, they look at their Shopify, they edit something on their theme, and then they sit back and say, wow, I can't scale past this.

Yep. And that's it. And they repeat the next day.

So let's talk a little bit more about that. And what is it that we're really trying to break past? So a lot of people think it's an ad account structure thing.

Hey, you know, what type of ad account structure is going to go from $500 a day to $5,000 a day. Okay. Now there, yes, there is some level of different actions we take to go from $500 to $5,000 a day.

But honestly, we have an ad account structure to ad account structure we use. We will utilize for a $500 a day campaign all the way up to, we spent $22,000 a day with this ad account structure. So very, very simple.

You have your main scaling campaign, you have your creative testing campaign, and then you have like your retargeting. Okay. So it's not the campaign structure.

And I can't, I just don't know how to articulate this to people that, Hey, it's not your ad account structure. There is tweaks we make when we sign on a client to their ad account. And it's more to just fit our current strategy, essentially.

And look, there's been a few accounts that we made a few tweaks and seen a big boost. And that's mostly because they had the other side, right? Now this other side, we're going to talk about most people don't have, right.

And that's why I can confidently make this video and basically say, it's not your ad account structure. Again, there's some people with that account structure, but it's just the fact that this other side is majority wrong every time I'm auditing ad accounts. Okay.

So when I'm auditing an ad account, here's what I find. I find that they did a few creative testing a few months ago. They found out winning creative around winning angle and they scale that up.

And then guess what? They scale, scale, scale. They start throwing around a bunch of different things in the ad account, these random things put together.

And then guess what? They start to hit this, this plateau, a 50 K a month maybe. And then just kind of like just teeter tottering at that 50 K a month mark.

And then they slowly start to see 50 K a month, 48 a K a month, 45 K a month. It's $40,000 a month. And they see spin up, up, up, up, row by drop down.

And they're like, what the hell what's going on? And the thing is, is that you, you stop taking actions that got you to that point. Essentially you stop taking the actions, the strategy and the creative side.

And that's the part that really takes you off and allows you to make these big momentum jumps in your business, these quantum leaps in scaling your e-commerce brand. Now let's talk about this for a second though. So when you start to scale, let's say you find a winning photo, let's say, um, you know, utilizing one of our brands that, uh, we, uh, we were able to scale up.

We, um, back in like, you know, January, January 30th or not January 30th. It was like January 20th to February 10th. Back in 2020, we did $30,000 in sales for this particular brand.

And then in, um, 2021 from January 20th to January, uh, February 7th, we did $900,000 in sales. Yeah. That's a quantum leap.

That's teleporting your business to a whole new level. And I want to address a few things here. So how we did that, um, was one, when we did the first like scale, we basically just ran one ad, boom, we found a winning ad, just ran it, pushed it.

And then we started to see drops performance at the bottom. Now, the next time we did something a little bit more aggressive, we tested multiple different angles for this particular period of time right here. And then what we did was we found a winning angle.

And then when you found a winning angle, we had our winning creative and we started to scale it up. Now, again, that's the same thing we did the first time, but here's what we did different. The fact is when we did the second time around, we found that winning angle, we found that winning creative, but then guess what?

We started creating more variety of that creative pinpointing on the motion we're emulating, pinpointing on the, the theme of that particular creative. So it was a girl and a guy holding particular product and full transparencies for Valentine's day specifically. So it was a girl and guy holding a particular product.

So then what we did was, is we got a whole bunch of more creatives done and different hooks done. So obviously the angle is the perfect gift for Valentine's day, but then we started testing new hooks to real people in surprise your sweetheart with this beautiful gift, the most perfect Valentine's day gift, just different hooks that really, and we test that against that winning creative out of full transparency, because again, we know that creative works, the audience works. Now, what are we testing when it tries to hook?

Well, let's keep everything else the same, except the hooks. We're testing different hooks right there to see how that works. Now, the next thing we do is that we go ahead and test more creative variety.

So basically you have your winning photo. Now let's create a gif, a gif, and the gif of that photo, but then let's also create a gif with a whole bunch of new photos with that same particular, um, like that couple holding that product. Let's go find some more couples holding that product.

And let's also do more different geographical locations. So it's particular person was holding it in a house. Let's go get someone holding it outside.

Let's someone go holding it in Antarctica in the snow. Like you, what you want to do is you want to start to look at the geographical focus as well. And then you can also look at the ethnicity focus as well, different ethnic backgrounds in the photos to appeal to more people.

So when you scale up a creative, you got to think about it. There's a, you know, just the environment right there is a factor. So if it's a guy in the street, maybe try a guy in the desert, like again, you know, these are very extremes, but just get the point of different scenery, different scenery makes that creative feel different and new and fresh, even though it's the same angle, it's the same messaging, but it feels fresh.

It feels new. And that's a big thing right there. When you hit these creative ceilings, the problem is, is that it's not that it's burned out.

It's just, you kind of appeal to as much people with that particular creative, that particular creative grab as many eyeballs as possible. So now you got to do new creative variety to essentially get more eyeballs on that and appeal to more people, different ethnic backgrounds, different geographical focuses. Like those are things that help expand.

Then you can also to look at your creative variety. So do a video, a few videos do, um, you know, I got a few notes right here, like UGC with the product again, still focus on that same angle, the most perfect gift for, for Valentine's day. But now we're doing some UGC videos, we're on some unboxing videos, testimonial videos.

We're doing some, um, you know, we're answering some objections as possibly getting in the comments right there. We're testing some ethnicity, some geographical focus, um, and like different things like that. So we're giving a lot of variety to the system to where we're, we're scaling vertical and horizontal at the same time.

We're doing a little bit more horizontal scaling in terms of, uh, having a lot more variety in our creative, which is appealing to more people. It builds more people. You can scale faster and higher more.

So that's something right there. You need to look at. So if you have this one photo of your product, but you have a clear winner in terms of the angle, then all of a sudden, what you need to do is go create a lot more creative variety, emulating that same feel, that same angle, that same, you know, kind of like presence right there in the creative.

So that's something that we typically is what we take action on when we come into a business and where we see the greatest impact in scaling past those barriers inside of their business. So ceilings and stuff like that. Now, another thing on top of all of this, like creative production, just to go ahead and bring it down into more of a sizable, like chunk that you can take action on is here's what you need to do.

Go ahead each week, pick your best performing creative. Okay. Let's say it's a photo of a dog wearing a collar that you're selling right there.

And it's, as he's in the living room of a apartment. Okay. And a cute girl is holding them.

And the collar has maybe like a heart with her name and the dog's name. There you go. Now you have an ad you're selling these little key chains.

Yeah. Long story short. So now what we're going to do is each week, that's our winning creative each week.

We're going to create three new iterations of that creative. Okay. So each iteration now, like here's what I'll see some people do.

Okay. Three new iterations every week. Okay.

They'll go take that photo and, or they'll have like five different photos like that. And we'll do this like the other one will be like a slight degree, slightly difference, or maybe it might just add like a little bit of contrast to it. Like go create three new iterations.

Okay. Go get that girl to take a picture outside with the dog, go get her to take a picture of her in the car, go to the dog park, find the environments that the potential person will be in with this particular product to be able to go ahead and, you know, forecast more environments that it's in. And the reason why we're doing this is we're looking at all the environments that that person's familiar with to where it allows for more appeal to it.

Cause that one picture in the apartment, that's only going to appeal to a certain amount of people, but then dog lovers going to recognize the dog park. Dog lovers are also going to recognize walking your dog down the street. Dog lovers will also in maybe the Southern area are going to recognize the dog in that field.

It's more of like a hunting dog. So then there you go. And now you can try some hunting dogs with it as well.

So, you know, you're creating more iterations, but you're doing drastic, not drastic, but a certain level of difference to where it's going to have a little bit more, you're going to spend more money in that area of, um, Hey, you know, this is a great test. Like I want to put more money behind something. That's a clear, like a bigger test.

Like, like for example, a dog in an apartment with a girl holding exactly like that. And then maybe the other test could be just a different, like, like, uh, the camera angle is slightly different. Whereas I rather run a test of that dog, that girl, but in a dog park, cause that's two big differences.

It's a night and day as a big difference. And I'll run a push more to that test right there. Cause that could actually give us a higher yield on return.

Cause there's a little bit bigger difference, a bigger test or something right there. So just put that in that perspective right there. So each week create three new iterations of your best performing creative.

Now, what you also do on top of that. So it's three new creatives a week, best performing creative, and that best performing creative will consistently change week to week potentially. Now the other one is create three new creatives for one new angle a week.

So yes, once you find that winning angle, you scale it up. And stuff like that, but you don't want to stop testing new angles. Cause you never know what that new angle might work and take off your business as well from another perspective.

So what you can do is, is you can find that particular, um, you test new angle each week. So like, let's say for example, if the other angle, you know, just a new angle for that particular product. And then what you can do is you can create three, uh, completely different creatives that are going to emulate that angle in the best potential way.

Um, so that way you're testing that three, you know, four new angles a month essentially. So that's like six new creatives every single week. You start testing all that.

And so it'll give you a lot more firepower and ammo to scale an account, um, to new levels. So just something to, uh, kind of talk about and, you know, sorry, I'm going to kind of raise my voice up a little bit more. This is just something I'm really passionate about and something.

I really see a lot of brands that we, uh, before we come on board are not going in. And basically, um, after we come on board, we kind of help them with all this and they can scale up to new levels inside their business. So something, uh, really fun, something I'm passionate about, something I love.

And it's, it's ways that we've always been able to break that creative ceiling, essentially, or that, that scaling ceiling, essentially. And what I find a lot of people do is they, they test new creative for like a week and then they sit back and say, Oh, wow, this doesn't work at all. Nick's a big liar.

And my response to that is how much time per week are you spending in the ads manager and spending on sitting down, researching, creative, planning, new, creative, planning, new hooks and stuff like that. And it should be an 80, 20, 20% of the ads manager, 80% on that creative strategy. And I also challenge you to literally go in your Google calendar and track every 15 minutes of your day of what you're focused on in that time right there.

And I bet you it'll still be 80% ads manager, 20% creative strategy. And you're pulling this random shit from your Google drive, uploading it, hoping it works. And you're not actually really focusing a lot of time and attention on this.

And that is why you're stuck in that situation of that scaling barrier. And that's just, again, that's what we find when we're consulting with people and working with people. And that's how we can, uh, confidently help them scale and grow their business.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. If you are making at least $50,000 a month with your business and you're looking at your e-com Shopify business, you're looking to scale further, help multiple brands now scale to six, seven figures a month. Um, we'd love to help you, uh, you know, take to that next level, uh, click link below to book a strategy call.

We'll hop in your ad account, put a strategy together for you. Essentially you can take it, run with it, or you have the option to work with this if you choose. So, uh, thank you guys so much for watching this video.

And if you're making less than 50 KM off, stay on the channel. I provide a lot of value on this channel and just keep watching the videos. Um, I'm tinkering around with the idea of putting into a course together.

That's basically going to be the same level of value as the YouTube videos. So no difference in value, but you'll also get the option to, um, be in a Facebook group with me. Um, and two, it's gonna be a convenience factor of the fact that, uh, what I'll do is take these videos on, break them down.

It's more of a step-by-step guide and that would the course will be. So that way, um, look, Hey, full transparency. I don't care if you buy the course at all.

I'm just trying to figure out how it can serve you, uh, better. And I know that's a big thing right there is understanding where and when things need to be placed. So, uh, yeah, the course has no measurable impact on difference on me.

Um, which is another way to, uh, serve value for you guys and also to hold you guys to some level of accountability by making you pay for it. So, so that's a big thing right there. So guys, I need to go.

So thank you so much for watching this video. Uh, again, hit that like button, subscribe button. Let me know how you liked this video and it was a little bit more intense, but, uh, drop a comment below if you liked it or not.

And, uh, talk to you guys later. My name is Nick Terrio. Peace out.