So one of my more crazier case studies I've had over the years was when we were working with Bright back in 2022. Alex Chan with Bright, a lot of people probably know him from Netherlands and stuff like that. And this particular client came on this, came into our agency, I think like August of 2022.

And like the first month or two, we were only cruising about 30k a month in revenue and stuff. And literally once we got to October 1st, we saw a drastic increase of scaling and profitability and stuff like that. And really not much was changed.

We're testing new creatives every single week. You know, we had to dial in ad account structure and stuff. But what we essentially had here was a shift in desire in the marketplace.

So the desire we're going after was gifting for moms, gifting for their kids in terms of, you know, like the holidays coming up. Again, keep in mind October, beginning of Q4, this is where some of the shopping and stuff like that happens for brands. And from here, we were able to start focusing on that gifting angle, which is a desire out in the marketplace that moms had for their kids.

And we introduced a new mechanism, a new type of gift that people can give. Our specific product, I'm not going to go over the exact details of it, but I'm sure if you do your own research, you could relatively find that right there. And all of our creatives literally showcase that product in action and calling out the desire that moms had right there.

From there, just simply introducing those new creatives week over week around that desire allowed us to scale from 30k a month in September to doing $300,000 a month in October. Now, a second action that was done inside of the ad account to further help it scale was that we also focused on new countries. Now, a lot of people test new countries like amateurs.

When you test new countries, you want to build out creatives that are specifically translated to that country. You want to build out Shopify stores that are specifically translated to that country. You want to make it look like that particular store and those creatives were made specifically only for that country.

And that's where a lot of people get country testing and all those things wrong because they try to go ahead and just run English ads in every country. But what happens is you limit your reach only running ads in those countries in English because you're not allowed to or you're not going to basically appeal to the large demographic of people for that country that speak that language right there. Now, again, from here, I just want you all to really understand here that the main thing that allows us to scale this account was actually by focusing on that desire right there.

All of these other things or additional things we can scale up as once a desire starts working and like other things like, for example, scaling up the content production, getting more creators to film content for us around that desire and everything. All of that starts to come together once you find a winning desire first. So there's different stages of the ad account between finding winning desires and then also to going out there and being able to just start scalping up that production from there.

But yeah, so basically August 30k a month or September 30k a month, October 300k a month in revenue. November, we did $3.5 million. I think we peaked at either 125, 150k a day in revenue for a couple of days during November of 2022.

Then December, we did like two and a half million dollars in revenue. And then January, all the way back down to 30k a month in revenue. Now, Nick, what changed?

What happened? This is because there was a shift in that desire. And again, not all desires stay evergreen throughout the year.

So that's why it's important to write out the short term desires when you can to really scale with like short periods of time, but also have evergreen desires that keep your product alive all year around. In this particular case, we were targeting women who wanted to gift for their kids. Well, January comes around, no one's really buying gifts for their kids in January, just after Christmas and everything.

So it just simply didn't make sense for that desire to maintain its strength and everything. And it started to deplete and we had to scale back from there. So yeah, scaling bright sport, valix chin and stuff, definitely more crazier case study and stuff.

It was a lot of fun working with them and everything. But yeah, big lesson here is that with the right desire, you can scale up to multi six figure days. If you have the wrong desire, you're barely going to crack $100 a day.

And then as you go ahead and find that desire and start scaling, this is where you want to scale into more countries, more locations. And then also too, you want to scale up your creative investment and be willing to spend more on creatives to just basically outbid all the competitors and stuff because you have way better creatives than everyone else. If you want to learn more about this and how we do this to basically basically help econ brands hit million dollar months with Facebook ads and everything, click link below to have Nick Theriot mentor you.

And then if you want me to actually run your ads for you, have Nick Theriot run your ads all down below where if you're doing at least 100k a month in revenue, then from there, I'll come in and do all this for you. If you're not doing at least 100k a month or just want to do it for yourself, then again, have Nick Theriot mentor you. And that's where you can join my inner circle, my private one-on-one program, hop on one-on-one calls with you, one-on-one DMX, all of those good things right there.

But yeah, all that can be found below. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace.