How to scale Facebook ads in 2024. Today, I will be going over the exact strategy we're currently leveraging to scale Facebook ads. So assuming you already got the ad account structure down, all that good stuff, the winning creatives and everything, now you want to start increasing your spin.

Well, today I'll be going over our exact process that we are leveraging. So that being said, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I've done over a hundred million dollars in online revenue with Facebook ads specifically for my clients. So with that being said, let's dive into the video.

So first thing we look at is we look at NCCPA and NCCPA stands for new customer cost per acquisition. If you leverage something like triple L, you can easily find this. Now, a couple of other questions or a couple other things about NCCPA is that if you're a brand new store and you're only selling one product, you're just getting your first product going, you can just look at overall CPA for the business.

And again, this is, you know, your, your, the amount you spent on advertising divided by your total number of customers earned that day or orders that day. So, you know, if you, you spent a thousand dollars, you had 10 orders, you had a hundred dollar CPA cost per acquisition, for example. Now, new customer just means that it's a new customer.

It's not just a purchase. So for example, we might get a ton of purchases for one day, but some of them are returning customers. We only want the cost per acquisition for a new customer because new customers grow the business.

And if you click the link below, or if you just go on my YouTube channel and search up how to calculate your target CPA, I actually give you a calculator so you can figure out what your NCCPA is and what you need to do. So with that being said, first thing I'd be like to look at yesterday. So literally just go and trip.

Well, look at yesterday. What is our NCCPA overall for the business? I look at overall because 90% of our clients, Facebook is 90% of their ad spend, and it has the largest impact on the business.

So I just look at that. Now, if it hit our target, yes, basically yesterday, the NCCPA was hitting correctly. And then I'm going to increase my spend by 20%.

So maybe my target is $20. Then yes, maybe we're at $15. $15.

So I'm going to increase my spend by 20%. And then that's it. Scaling stop complete, come back tomorrow.

Cool. And that's basically just next day. Boom.

I'll go through and I'll do it again. So basically, as long as you're hitting your NCCPA target for the last 24 hours, you can just keep scaling by 20% every day. As long as you keep hitting that last 24 hour goal.

Now let's say you're not hitting that goal. Then what do you do next? So first thing I like to do is, all right, yesterday, we did not hit our goal for NCCPA.

First question I like to ask myself is, did we wait at least three to four days? Now, the reason why I say that is because let's say we keep increasing, we keep increasing, increasing, increasing, and then all of a sudden we stop hitting our NCCPA. And all of a sudden we kind of hit that plateau.

Sometimes if we wait three or four days, it just gives Facebook enough time to optimize. And all of a sudden we start performing strong again, and we can actually start to scale again. So if we haven't waited four days, then I'm going to wait another 24 hours.

And then I'm going to come back tomorrow. And I'm basically just going to go through this loop until we have our full four days of hit three to four days. So that's what I tell people.

Now, if we have waited our four days and we're still not hitting our NCCPA, the next thing I look at is, are we at the hard deck? Now I'm a really big fan of aviation and the hard deck is basically a certain altitude that planes do not come below. So it might be like 10,000 feet.

So the plane can have all the realm at once up and down, as long as it does not go below 10,000 feet. That's the same thing we set with ad spin. Now, how do you set a hard deck?

This is essentially just a certain level of ad spin that you will not scale below on Facebook, regardless of performance. And literally every account is different. And because the hard deck, it's going to be fluid.

Let's say for example, you start off at a hundred dollars a day and you scale up to 10,000 a day, you might have a new hard deck of $5,000 a day. You're willing to blow $5,000 a day for 30 days to get your ads back and crushing it again, because you have enough cashflow in the bank to be able to spend on that. Now, let's say for example, you are spending $50 a day and you scale up to $200 a day.

Well, your new hard deck may be like a hundred dollars a day. You do not scale below a hundred dollars a day. So it will be different for everyone, but you just want to set a goal.

And as you scale, you'll have new goals that you do not scale below because once you scale below that and you just go down this loop of having to consistently decrease spin by 20% every day, you can ultimately scale to zero. And that's not what we want because it'd be really ineffective and very difficult for us to essentially, you know, find new winning ads because we have no budget. So if we're at the hard deck, we do not decrease spin.

I can care less what performance is. We're at the hard deck. We cannot scale below this number.

Then we're just going to keep working on testing new creatives until we find new winners that we can scale the account back. Now, if we are, we've waited our four days and we're still not at the performance we need and we're not at our hard deck. All we'll do is decrease spend by 20%.

Then what we're going to do is the scaling SOP is complete and we're going to come back tomorrow. And guess what? Tomorrow.

All right. Well, it was yesterday NCCPA. So I might go a few days of decreasing budget and then NCCPA hits that good spot again.

And I guess I'm going to start increasing budget again. Now, in some cases, this is a little bit more of an advanced kind of side note. Sometimes if we have to scale down and I'll start scaling up and we start running into that wall again of like, Oh fuck, you know, NCC is starting to drop again.

I might just find a happy medium budget. I do not scale past. I'm just like, look, we're just going to coast at a thousand dollars a day because ultimately what happens is I need something.

I need to fix the sales funnel. I need to either a, accept a high CPA cost per acquisition and build a better retention in the backend to where I can make my profits off repeat customers. That's one route.

Another route is to lower my cost of goods and lower my shipping rates to have more profit to where I can accept the higher NCCPA as well. So that's another route to go. Third route is finding new winning ads for the business that cut down CPA at that current level of spend to where I can start spending more again.

And then I'll start going ahead and start scaling based off NCCPA again. So it just depends on the situation. And I've seen a variety of different situations people go through.

So it just kind of depends on that scenario, but this is exactly how we're scaling Facebook ads in 2024. If you have any questions about this, drop it below in the comments, make sure to like button and that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your ads, click link below to book a call with me.

Also too, if you want me to mentor you click link below for the jump in my mentor program, where I teach you how to become a better marketer and scale your Facebook ads through effective marketing fundamentals. So talk to you guys later. Have a good one.

Peace out.