Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be discussing lifetime value of your customers and why it's important for you guys to understand this and how it affects your business. Ways to increase your lifetime value and a few different routes you can take to actually increase your lifetime value. So lifetime value is super, super important when you're looking at an e-commerce business because it's kind of what builds a lot of profit into your business.

You're very heavy reliant right now on acquisition with Facebook ads and everything and paid traffic. But lifetime value and getting all those repeat customers without having to spend a dime on marketing is what allows you to tremendously increase the profit in your business. So with that being said, I want to show you guys today how exactly how to find that number.

Lifetime value of your customers right now and then how we can actually increase that with a few different strategies. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Let's jump into it, guys.

Okay, so we're going to dive in first. Just go straight to our Shopify page. And one, when we're inside Shopify, we want to go over here to customers.

So when you go over here to your customers, what you want to do is you want to go over here to more filters and we want to go over to amount spent and we want to do more than this amount. The reason why we want to do this is because we tend to have like Shopify will collect emails and stuff right here. And you'll have a lot of people in here that has not placed an order on your store.

So you want just the customers, people that's actually placed an order on the store. So we can go right here and we can just do more than this amount. And then the next thing we want to do is date of order.

And what we want to do right here is go to custom. Now, I don't know how long your business has been in business. So you may have just started this yesterday.

You might have been in business for the last year. So what you want to do is you want to do a three month, six month or 12 month time frame. If you can, we've been in business for a long time now.

So over, you know, about a year. So I'm just going to do last 12 months. And let's actually do a custom on that just so I can make sure I get that.

Let's just do August 1st through August 1st of last year. So that'll be our one year, one year for this particular account. And what's going to happen is you're gonna have two little things up here.

You'll have, you know, spent more than this amount. And then we'll also have, you know, ordered on or after and these specific dates. And you want to make sure you remember that those dates right there.

And you also see how many customers you've acquired. So I'm just going to screenshot that. So we acquired 21,994 customers for this particular store.

And for between the period of time of August 1st and August 1st, 2020 to 2021. So now what we can do is we can start writing all this down. So let's go over here.

Total customers. So I just kind of been putting some notes right here. Total customers we have is 21,994.

Time range will be August 1st, 2020 through August 1st, 2021. So again, you want to do either a six month, three month, or 12 month time range for this. If your business has been in like business for a longer period of time, you can also look at it like that right there.

So, but ideally three months, six months, and a 12 month. And the reason why you'll, you'll see in a second. So next thing you want to do is go over to analytics and right here, go to time range.

You want to make sure you go ahead and put that in. So we're going to go starting. We're going to go all the way to, and ending.

We're going to go all the way. So that's one year period of time right there. So what we're going to do next now is we're going to find the total orders.

So it's 23,010. So let's do total orders, 23,010. And then we also want the total revenue, which is 1.8 million.

So let's do total revenue. Okay. And that's just very awkward.

We paste in there, delete the 40 cents, clean things up. Okay, cool. So now we're literally done with that.

Don't even need that anymore. But now we have some really cool feedback, essentially. So there's going to be a lot of cool stuff here.

So over a year time, we did 1.8 million with this store. We had 23,000 orders, but we only had 21,000 customers. So basically that means about literally about a thousand orders or repeat customers.

So we need to figure out what that repeat rate is. So to do that, what we're going to do is we're going to do 23,000, divide that by our total customers, which is 21,994, I want to say. And we have 1.04.

So our repeat rate is literally at 4%. If we just sum that up. So 4% of our customers purchase again with our brand.

Now, look, I'm not going to lie, guys. That's not good. I will be honest with you.

That's not good. And that's why I wanted to make this video as we kind of look at this brand because we're in the process right now of fixing this up. But we've worked with brands before where they literally had a 50% customer repeat rate.

So now I want to make another one and we're going to do lifetime. All right. This is going to be either whatever your time frame is.

So it's a 12 month LTV. So what we're going to do is 12 month LTV is we're going to take our total customers. We're going to divide it by our total revenue.

So it's 2199.4. So let's do 1.87. I think that's 304 divided by 2199.4.

So these 21,000 customers equate it to about $85,000, $85 LTV for 12 months. So over 12 months, the average customer has an LTV of $85. Now, let me show you all something else cool right here just to really show you the effects of this.

So let's look at 12 month AOV and we're going to take our 23,000 orders and we'll see that we have an $81 AOV average. So $81. So day one, our AOV is about $81.

12 months down the line, that LTV now is $85. So again, this is not really great. I will be honest with you.

This is a really good explanation of what most stores look like right now. Most stores that's found on winning products start to scale. Most brands that have had two or three good products and start to scale their business.

This is what it looks like, the reality. Now, like I said, we worked with a clothing brand where they had a 50% customer repeat rate. And that's where I want to go into next of how to actually increase this.

And why is this important? Because look, this is important because let's say you have a CPA and your cost per acquisition Facebook ads is $30. And your AOV is $60.

Spend $30. Your acquire customer at $60. Cool.

Now, what happens is when you have a longer term LTV. So like, let's say your 12 month LTV is like 120 bucks. So you acquire customer for 30 bucks.

They place an order that day. And then five months on the line, they place an order again, but did not even have to spend a dollar to acquire that customer. They were already a customer to your brand.

They saw one of your Instagram posts, one of your social media posts. They saw one of, you know, you got an email from your email marketing about going ahead and, you know, like, hey, new product drop, something like that. They purchase again.

And you didn't have to spend a dollar to acquire that customer again or for that customer to place an order because they already sold with your brand. It's 10 times more expensive to acquire that customer than having a customer you already had already purchased from you to purchase from you again. So this is why it's important because your CPA, your day one acquisition is a 2X ROAS because you spent 30 bucks to get a $60 sale.

Now, your 12 month ROAS on that day is actually a 4X because you're looking at the LTV for that customer. So this is just another way to increase profits in the business if you can increase your LTV because you have more people to come and purchase from you. So this is something, again, I want to show you acquisition is great for scaling, but for retention side is great for profit.

So a lot of the brands we're working with will literally get them to a point where they're breaking even on their advertising because we know their LTV numbers are locked in place. We've worked hard on increasing the LTV and everything. They've done an amazing job at doing it as well.

So they're making a ton of extra profit, like 50% of their daily sales is coming from original customers. So they can afford to scale much harder because they're able to take a lower ROAS. So this is something very important to understand.

Now, again, not every brand is set up like this, and there is some brands that need to be careful about that. But when you know your numbers, you can afford to do things like this. So with this particular brand right here, time range, obviously like that, how do you actually increase LTV?

So this is very important because you found your numbers, you know the importance of it, but now it's like, how do you actually do that? So first things first is new products. This is honestly the easiest way to do it.

Drop new products, especially if you have a product like, for example, you know, we found success with our metal signs. You know, majority of our sales come from this one metal sign right here. And at first, we didn't have many products on the website.

So what we did was is we've taken the time to release more products, and it's more cool signs and stuff like that that our customers can acquire. Now, with that being said, this is where it becomes next important because this brand, it's more of a, you know, one-time thing. People aren't purchasing all the time.

So that's why we've been getting very creative with like, okay, we know our avatar, 30 to 60 plus women that purchased this. Purchases this to bring gift their customers, you know, great, cool ways to show off some love. So, but then we start thinking, okay, hey, looking at that woman, what else is going on in her life?

Well, one day she's going to be a grandma. So can we market other products to her that fits that grandma theme? Like, hey, just the perfect gift or, you know, you buy this and it's great for your daughter's first babies.

Like when your daughter's having a baby, you buy this for her and it's like a cool little thing you put by the baby crib and it shows off the name of the baby. Like there's different ways to do this. Fashion brands and clothing brands are amazing at this because every like literally spring, fall, winter, and summer, every season, they release a whole new drop of clothes.

And majority of the sales from those drop, that initial drop is all existing customers. So it's constantly new products being put in front of you and anyone who's in clothing, you're going to have the highest LTV than any other brands. So, you know, you can even look at like Apple.

Apple, you have your MacBook, you got your phone, you have your AirPods, you have now these little AirTags. Like there's tons of different things in the ecosystem you have to pay to be acquired. So like my LTV with Apple is a few thousand dollars.

My LTV with Canon now that makes this marvelous camera that you're looking on is very low because it's just a one-time purchase. So they can't afford to spend a ton of money on advertising up front because they know they're going to get majority of their purchases over time. Or, you know, they have to have a fat profit margin to be able to afford that.

So increase LTV, easiest way is new products. Look at your customer, look at other products that can fit and solve their current problems that's related to your brand. Now, the next way is just more new offers.

So, for example, let's say with your store, email marketing and SMS is great for this. So really just focus on email marketing SMS for this is launch new offers. So let's say, for example, right now it's starting to become end of summer.

So we launched an end of summer sale, 25% off site wide, and we're targeting our existing customers for it. So that way, hey, you purchased one sign already on this website. Here's a dozen other signs that you can also acquire as well that you would love.

So more new offers, more new products, focus on email marketing and SMS to deliver message. So really focus on these free routes or these routes that, not necessarily free because you still have to pay for Clavio and stuff, but are significantly cheaper than paid advertising and actually target your existing customer. Some people, they, once someone makes a purchase of their brand, they exclude their existing customer from everything.

They think that that customer is done. They can't do anything for you anymore. But that's actually very wrong.

That customer can be very, very powerful for you. So it's why we recommend to use things like email marketing, SMS, something very, you know, easy, I would say easy, very cheap and efficient to get out your message. But easiest way, new products, new offers, run more sales to your existing customers and stuff, create some bundle deals and everything.

And that's going to give you the biggest thing. Now, when you're looking at your new products, what I want you to do is a lot of people think, okay, here's my customer persona that bought the first product. So they look at that customer persona when they want to increase LTV.

So if we look at our customer persona, it's like a women, women, 30 plus USA and oh, wait, also homeowners. So like that's our current persona. But what we need to do is we need to look at also prior to that persona.

So instead of women, it's just homeowners. Then what are women before their homeowners? Well, they probably got married.

That's probably the best one where I could say. That's like the last like big significant event. Likelihood.

Likelihood. Yeah. So women 30 plus or, you know, let's just say 25 ish who just got married.

And then before that, what's that customer before that? Well, just engaged. What's the person before that?

Well, living in a apartment. Okay. Now watch, check this out.

Homeowners, woman 30 plus USA, first time parents. And this is pretty bad right here. Just because I know there's more first time parents in their earlier ages.

So, but hey, you get the point. Okay. So I'm thinking about my product and I'm thinking about more specifically my customer persona.

So when I'm thinking about launching new products to them, I look at it like this. So this is my current, current persona right there. Now, obviously I can't go back to these customers.

That's this persona and like, hey, you know, try to sell them this product. But what I can do is I can market to these specific segmentations of audiences and getting them to purchase earlier. So before this persona becomes this, I can start targeting, you know, girls living in like an apartment by themselves.

I can do like a dog mom sign. And the reason why I get that earlier crowd group of people in here. They purchased a dog mom sign and now they're part of the brand.

Now, what happens next? Well, you get engaged. Okay.

So when engaged, we could do either the, I think we have a wooden engagement sign where it's just like a piece of wood. They're engaged, et cetera, for like a photo shoot. Now, let's say I got this person in here, dog mom sign.

I use email marketing to get them to purchase this. Now I'm going to get them to purchase this right here. And this might be an infinity sign or hold up.

No, this could be groomsmen personalized bridesmaid slash groomsmen products. Now, what I'm doing essentially right here is, okay, purchase doll mom sign. Use email marketing to be in here.

Or I got them in with ads here and I used email marketing to get them here. But you can see I'm walking them down throughout their life. I'm being every place.

So homeowners and this might be like the infinity sign, our main seller. Now, first time parents, this might be a Father's Day gift. Kids start in school.

This might be a like soccer. So we're entering their life early. And as they go through on throughout their life, we're releasing new products at every stage.

Now, again, this is for our product. That's personalized metal, like metal signs and personalized products. This may be different for, you know, fashion.

It's just every season. Just keep changing up, dropping new clothes for that. Different brands will be different.

So you just have to kind of understand how it plays out with your sign, with your particular product. And again, like I said, you're going to have different personas throughout your lifetime value. So throughout the customer's life, you know, they purchased from you when they were a homeowner persona.

But 10 more years from now, they're first time parents or five more years or whatever. You know, maybe their first time parents didn't homeowner, which is 99% of the case. So my apologies for that.

But you get the point. You're going to have different personas. And if you can get some of those different personas to purchase from you early on, then you can start looking at positioning your products in front of them to keep on getting them to purchase.

So that's how you increase LTV with new products. And obviously with new offers, more new offers and everything like that, more things, flash sales, quick discounts. Hey, this product ain't selling well.

It's helping to do a quick discount to our existing customers for them to purchase this again. So like different things like that. And what's going to happen is you're going to start looking at that LTV.

And every so often, you know, maybe, you know, one month from now or every month, look at your LTV numbers. Oh, okay. Hey, we're running this again.

You know, maybe it's like September. And we're looking at it like this. And we launched some new products in August.

And all of a sudden, our 12-month LTV now might be, you know, $95, which is amazing. It's going to slowly creep up because again, it's an average over a period of time. And then what's going to happen is you'll see like your 12-month LTV be like $300.

And your day one AOV is like $80. So like you'll see like a huge difference. And you'll start to see that extra prop in your business.

So a lot of brands are stuck right here. Like I said, it's just one of the brands we're working with. We're starting to hit that LTV really hard.

But we've been able to successfully do this for other brands to help them out. And just to give you like a last kind of like signing out everything. If you go look at like fashionnova.com.

In fact, let's just pull it up real quick. Fashion Nova. They did an absolutely incredible job at this.

And a really good example. So what they did was is they initially started targeting women. And they did a really good job with this because they started off with women.

They made some really cool outfits. They scaled up very well. Then what they did, they started doing men.

Because girls would buy for their boyfriends, their fiance. Obviously, some of the guys would also purchase too. But they started purchasing for other people in the family.

Then get this. They launched the kids line. Which is perfect.

Because they know that, hey, we've been on the market now for four or five years. We're targeting a market of say 18 to 25 year olds. And now they're starting to have kids.

And they've been with this for a few years. What else can we give them? And obviously, most moms love to dress their kids just like them.

So what they did was is they launched this line. And again, it further increased their LTV. And they had to use little to no advertising to essentially get that out.

There's a lot of email marketing, SMS. And targeting their existing customers to increase that LTV. So on top of new seasons, every new season launches for their main core audience.

They're also doing new season launches for all these other audiences that are around their main audience persona. And they've been able to capitalize amazingly and increase profits with their business. With little to no advertising.

So you're using existing customers only. So I really hope this video kind of brought in your perspective on things. When things don't work purely with just acquisition, like with Facebook.

Let's say you're stuck at a 2X for us. Start looking at other ways to increase profits in your business. It may not just be, hey, I need to increase ROAS to make my business successful.

Sometimes it's like, hey, okay, ROAS has been a 2 for last year. We've tried tons of things. Let's just accept that fact.

What else can we do to increase that customer lifetime value to where we can afford to keep spending that low profit? But now we're making a whole bunch of extra profit because we have a lot of repeat customers. And for customers to come back and buy again, they need something to purchase again.

So that's really important to understand. You have to have something for someone to purchase again. Now, like my LTV on this little notepad right here is really high because I purchase one every single month.

And when you have a product like that, you can start a subscribe and save type service, which is also super valuable. And I mean, that's another whole video on that right there. So really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

If you're an e-com business owner and you're looking for help with your business, make sure you click the link below. And if you're doing at least 25K a month, you can hop on a call with me and my team. We'll do a strategy call with you and see how we can help your business.

We're a full-time e-com growth agency. We've helped multiple brands now scale to six and seven figures. And we'd love to hop on a call with you and chat.

And you either can take what we put together for you and run, or you have the opportunity to work with this. Now, if you're making less than 25K a month, I have something for you. Click link below and subscribe or sign up to our VIP list for Elegant Ecom.

Elegant Ecom is a course I will be launching for you guys. Going less than 25K a month. I'm selling it at $500 a pop for the first 50 people who purchase.

And the VIP list will be alerted first before even comes to YouTube. And I already have well over 50 people on that list. So first 50 people to purchase is getting it for $500.

And it's going up to $1,000 inside all that. So make sure you're on that list. Click the link below for that.

Well, guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. If you enjoyed it, hit that like button. And make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, just like this one.

Hope you guys have a great rest of your day. And I'll see you guys later. Peace.