How do you lower your cost per purchase on Facebook? Well, today I'll be going over the couple tactics we leverage to lower our cost per results or cost per purchase when running Facebook ads. And if you're new to the channel and wondering why am I credible to be teaching these types of things?

Well, my name is Nick Theriot. I run a Facebook advertising agency. I also coach and mentor students.

I've done close to $80 million in online revenue for my clients with Facebook ads. And before we get started, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into the video.

So how to lower your cost per purchase on Facebook ad in 2003. So show you guys a little case study. This is one of our newer clients.

We just took on board. So it's not one of our scaled up accounts. We have a lot of accounts that we spend anywhere up to $15,000 a day.

Some accounts doing a million dollars a month in revenue. So one of our smaller accounts that come in maybe a month or two, we'll be doing a case study of how we did $100,000. This is one of our newer accounts.

And I want to show you guys. So basically on the 26 right here, you can see just not the greatest performance just in terms of like a ROAS perspective for like literally like from the 26th to 29th. Then on the 30th, things drastically started picking up for the better.

And we literally went from $145 a day in revenue all the way up to $539 a day in revenue. And I want to show you guys exactly what we did because it wasn't just, oh, we started getting better performance. There was a couple of tactics we did to decrease our cost per purchase.

And I'll show you inside of Facebook as well from the 26th through 29th. You can see right here, we're averaging about a $34 to $72 purchase, $23 cost per purchase, $32 cost per purchase. Then on the 30th, $15, seven on the first $19, then 11, 16, 10, and 13.

So trim, you know, significant impact and cost per purchase, like literally almost a third or two thirds lower than what we were originally doing. So there's four specific things that we deploy to improve our CPA. We might improve or like deploy all four, or we might only deploy one or two, just depending on the situation that we're dealing with.

So these four things are consolidation of the ad account. If you're new to the channel, you know, this is something that I'll show you guys in the next slide. But if you've been watching the channel, you know, this is nothing new right here.

Just something that I've done countless times to improve CPA and, you know, decrease, like increase performance and stuff like that. I find better winning ads. This is a never ending cycle right here.

Improve the landing page. Another thing that's never ending. And then also to build a business less reliant on that CPA that you need.

So going over into step number one, again, consolidation of the ad account. This is where we're going to go from maybe four or five campaigns down to one campaign, or maybe two campaigns, depending on your particular scenario. So go watch the video, Facebook ads testing in 2023.

This is going to show you how to consolidate your ad accounts and run that one campaign setup. I'm not going to cover in this video because it's this video goes, does a hell lot of better of a job going in depth with it and giving you more accurate step-by-step. But this is one of the main things we do in the beginning of decreasing that CPA.

Now, the next thing is finding new winning Facebook ads. So you can see right here in this particular campaign, this is the campaign level for this particular campaign. And then this is the ad set level, just to make sure you're clear on that.

Now this is June 26th through June 29th, three days before things really started kind of picking up June 26th, 27th, 28th, 29th, just not the greatest performance. And then on the fifth or on the 30th, things drastically got better. And you can see right here, we're averaging a $13 cost per purchase for this campaign.

And then before we're averaging a $35 cost per purchase for this campaign. So you can see, like I said, like literally almost, you know, like, like three times lower almost, uh, than we were originally getting. Now, what did we do differently?

All we did was launch one 12 right here. As you can see right here, we've been testing some other ad concepts, but all we did was launch one 12, which was a new concept that we launched for this particular campaign, a new ad concept. And we're testing a new ad concept and it immediately got majority spin.

So it's showing that that particular ad set in DCT is superior and beating everything else. And also too, it's also getting a substantially better cost per purchase. So it's positively impacting the overall business model, as we can see right here, because this is the overall business.

We can see that it's being positively impacted. And then also too, it's impacting performance on a cost per acquisition perspective. And yeah, just overall really solid.

So this is one of the biggest things that we recommend. Like when you're trying to improve your CPA to something you'd be constantly doing over time. Now, the main things here in, you know, a lot of people tell me, Nick, well, I'm testing a lot of Facebook ads, but I'm not seeing any success.

And ultimately what's happening is you're getting stuck in a rut. And when you're in a rut, it's kind of like you're testing a lot of the same stuff or maybe just slightly better. Like here's your pile of shit and you're just testing something slightly better, like maybe like a newer pile or older pile.

Okay. You have to really kind of take a step back and test something completely different. And for us, we've kind of locked those down.

It's a six kind of key elements of the ad itself. And number one is the market desires. So for example, back in 2020, we had an account that we took from a thousand dollars a day to $5,000 a day in revenue.

And the main desire we were focusing on was the desire to maybe, Hey, I have an empty wall. I want to dress it up. I want to make it look nice.

I want to add something to it. So that desire to have a product that they can put there versus the desire to surprise your sweetheart to complete different desires. But it's the same metal infinity sign that we sold for both of these desires.

Except this one right here, the desire to dress up a wall in your house was only doing a thousand dollars a day. When we switched the desire to surprise your sweetheart and build ads, showcasing a guy, surprising the girl, the girl being ecstatic about it. All of a sudden that desire changed and we had a different desire.

We are focusing on in the marketplace. And that one was substantially stronger in a larger portion of the market to work at scale from a thousand dollars a day to $5,000 a day, just by changing the desire. You see, we could have kept testing creatives around dressing up your wall in your house.

But if we would have never changed the desire, we'd just still be on that same path. So market desires are huge. And next one is stage of market awareness.

So in this particular case study right here, where we went from a $35 cost per purchase to a $13 cost per purchase, all we did was change the market awareness. We actually had the same desire, but we changed the market awareness. We went from an aware stage, which is like, get it today for 20% off to a solution aware stage, which a solution aware stage is they want what the product does, but they don't know what that product is.

Okay. So solution aware, you're going after more of that. I want to make money.

I want to, I want to start an online business. They know what they like, they want, they want what the product does, but they don't know what that product is yet. All right.

So is it crypto? Is it a digital agency? Is it running Facebook ads?

You don't know what that online business is. Next one is levels of market sophistication. Not really going to go into this video.

Identities. Identities is more of like when we create an ad, we're appealing to an identity that people want to become. So we're selling people a future version of themselves in that ad.

So we might change up the identity of which people become when they purchase that product. We might change the different ethnicities of people, like different races of people in there. We might change different age groups of people in there.

If you're running a clothing brand or do you want an identity of a 60 year old grandma that's in the Southern region? Or do you want more of the identity of a 21 year old female girl who ultimately looks like a model and lives in like Beverly Hills and has that kind of static lifestyle? Like which identity do we want to portray in our ads?

And which one do our customers want more? Next one is hook patterns. This is like your three reasons why TikTok made me buy it.

Like the different patterns of which you create the hook. And then lastly is new ways to visually articulate the above. So all of these things right here dictate the visuals that you portray in that ad.

So we'll find different ways to articulate that. So for example, let's say I'm running an ad and I'm targeting a solution where a market of Shopify owners who want to scale to 100k a month. And you know, we want to portray to that particular desire.

What's the easiest way to do it? Or what's one of the ways to visually articulate that is showcase a Shopify store in the first three seconds. That's at 100k a month or more.

So this is a couple of elements we test when we're trying to find new winning ads. Now, next one is improve the landing page. So from this first part right here to 26th or 29th, this was just bad ads.

Then on the 30th through the first, this was just a better winning ad. And then from the second through the fifth, this was us when we tweaked the landing page and we improved the landing page we're driving traffic to. So for us, and again, this is going to be different for every single person.

It's hard to give direct feedback on what this will be for you, but it'll be different for everyone. But I'm trying to give you guys some common things, at least I see. And number one is just for us, it was simply adding a VSL to our landing page and giving people more information about the product.

It's like two minute long VSL and it increased our CVR from 5% to 7.5%. So for us, this positively impacted the business. Now, other things that we commonly see are just mistakes.

I see people making that you can be quickly fixed as the add to cart button, like the add to cart button. I cannot stand when people have the empty box and it's just an outline. I hate that.

Like have a solid add to cart button, solid color adds a button that's contrasting with your background that the add to cart button's on. So if like you have a white background, put a black add to cart button, something like that. Very hard contrast.

And then also to remove all those other buttons, pay now, shop pay, Apple pay, like remove all those other buttons by the add to cart button. You can have those other buttons at checkout, but by the add to cart button, just have literally add to cart and that's it. And at least for me, I've always seen a higher conversion rate.

If you guys have seen differently, then cool. Go with that. Me personally, I've always seen just the add to cart button by itself have a higher conversion rate.

Next one is the product photos. If you're still rocking photos from AliExpress, you need to go hire a photographer and get to some new photos immediately. This, like I can immediately tell when a store is a dropshipping store based off their photos and I will immediately exit out the site just based off of that.

So high quality product photos, have some closeups, have some photos of the product in action. I show some lifestyle photos of the product fitting in the lifestyle that people want to live. Show some photos of the key benefits it gives.

Show some photos of the key features it gives. Just this right here should be able to visually sell the product and give people all the information they need. Next one is clear to understand product benefits.

They immediately understand that when they get to the product page, what this product does and how it benefits them. Plus showcasing some of those benefits in terms of photos on the product page. Common questions and objections answered.

If you get a lot of comments and questions on your ads and your inbox and your support inbox, answer them on the product page. Objections to your product. If you look at Rose Skin Co., one of the objections to it is, oh, will it hurt?

Well, they answer that immediately on the product page. Next one is social proof. This is your testimonials.

This is your featured in and having like being featured in certain magazines, even news articles right there. Big one. Next one is proof superiority in a competitive market.

One of my favorite things that I do as part of my sales process as an agency is that after someone does a demo call with me, I immediately send them slide deck. Here's how all the other agencies are built and here's how ours is different. And it gives people some, oh, well, hey, that makes a lot of sense.

Now, when they look at these other agencies, they immediately think negatively of them because I prove our superiority over those in that market. So on your product page, showcase that you have a superior product. Again, a superior product is key for scaling.

Next one is make it seem that it's the cheapest option. So there's, again, if you go look at Rose Skin Co., they have an IPL laser hair removal at home. And I think it's like, I don't know, maybe $189, $200.

And for people that are shaving right now and using a razor for like a dollar and they see the $200, like, wow, that's really expensive. But if we say, hey, average laser hair removal appointment is $400. So maybe you have to do three or four of them before you're finally like hair-free skin.

It's almost $1,200 you have to spend. Or you can get the IPL and six sessions. And as little as 30 minutes a week, you'll be completely hairless.

That sounds substantially better. And it's showcasing how we have the cheaper alternative that's better. So that's also something else you want to highlight on your page.

And then step number four is be less reliant on that CPA. So if you go over to how to calculate target CPA, something I posted on YouTube, you get this really amazing product sheet right here. And what I want you to do and I encourage you to do is be rest reliant on the CPA that you need.

So let me explain this really quick. So this is our current metrics for our brand right now. And let me just zoom this in for you guys, make it a little bit better.

So this is our current metrics right here. We have a $68 AOV. You know, we have a $95 three month LTV.

And we're currently spending at this 84K a month, 1.42 NC ROAS. It's new customer ROAS. And we're getting an NCCPA of $47.

Now, if we look at our day one profit, it's negative $6,000. We literally lose negative $6,000 every month that we run Facebook ads. But we also make another $24,000, actually $30,000 because we also make up for that $6,000.

So about $30,000 in profit within two months after month one. So in months two and three, we make another 30K in profit due to a lot of our customers jumping on a subscription and purchasing again. So we built our business to where we don't need that because originally when we worked with this client, we needed a $22 CPA and we kept getting a $22 CPA.

Then we realized, hey, we can build our business and acquire a shitload more customers and have a higher CPA and still make more money in the second and third month than making and spending this right here. So we built the business to where we're not as reliant on that particular CPA. So a couple of things you can do is one, you can improve your AOV.

So let's say if we take it from $68 to, I don't know, maybe $90, for example, then. All right, cool. Look at how much that changes right there.

Our profits jumped up and well, hold up. The only reason why it's not working right because of the NCCPA right there, the NCROS. But let's just say, for example, we improve our AOV.

That's one way to do it. Let me just do that. You can improve your LTV.

You can also, you know, that's pretty much the biggest things, to be honest. You can also look at different ways to build your business. So 1.75 at 80K in spend, you're doing $11,000 in profit month one.

3X at $10,000, you're also doing about $10,000 in profit. So if your goal is to make $10,000 in profit month one, well, here's two goals of $10,000 in month one. But one of them makes you $47,000 or actually because this is just improved.

So it actually makes you about $30,000 in profits over month two and three. Whereas this one only makes you about $8,000 in profits in month two and three. So this one's a $38 CPA.

This one's a $22 CPA. So again, we built the business to be less reliant on that CPA. So that's also another option.

And again, we've done all of these basically to, you know, improve the business as a whole. And these are things that we recommend to help you lower your cost for purchase on Facebook. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Make sure to hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.