So here's how we got a 6x ROAS with one of our recent clients. Just kind of diving into the structure and everything like that. It's the last seven days.

It's been about $1,200 a day. And there's a lot of things that we did from account consolidation, kind of how we put the creatives together, all of those good things. So we're going to break all that down.

For y'all, showing you again, last seven days, spent $5,000, drove about 341 purchases, all that good stuff. So just looking at the first step we did was account consolidation. So when we first hopped in this account, they had a lot of campaigns going.

I covered these up just from privacy perspective. But they had like this $200 campaign, this $100 a day campaign, a $1,200 one that's active right now. This is ours.

And just a lot of these other little random campaigns. And you'll notice, yeah, like some of them do have good performance. Like someone had an 8x ROAS.

But keep in mind, this was also over 30 days. Or like this campaign will spend $30,000 out of 6x. So that's going to be like significantly more.

And there's some other things I'm going to show you all in a second too as well. So first thing down we did was consolidate everything down to one campaign. We will launch other campaigns, one campaign per country basically, because right now we're just in advertising in the USA.

But that was the first step we did. Consolidated everything down. You can see a 30-day window, two down to a seven-day window.

And another thing I want you to look at is not only the account consolidation from Facebook perspective, but also the account consolidation on TripleWell perspective. So TripleWell is the attribution software that we personally leverage. And just to show you guys a couple different other like little golden nuggets here.

So if you see, this is the last seven days where we've spent $5,000. You know, this is when we're still kind of like finishing up the consolidation period. But the thing I really want you to focus on is the NCCPA.

This is new customer cost per acquisition. This is super important that people don't really focus on. Because new customer cost per acquisition is the lifeblood.

It's the oxygen for your business that keeps it alive. Whereas returning customers are good. Don't get me wrong.

That's where you make your profits. But returning customers come from email SMS. That's the cheapest way to keep them keep coming back versus spending money on Facebook ads.

Facebook ads, you want to spend all your time on acquiring new customers. Because that's more expensive. And because that way you get them in and then you have email and SMS to do it for free for the returning customers.

And we are down to a $50 new customer cost per acquisition. We spent $5,000 on our campaign. But a $50 NCCPA, which is about 100 new customers we acquired for this business.

Now, this is a week, basically literally the first week of us taking over this account. We took it over September 1st. And you'll see September 2nd through September 8th.

This campaign literally had their two biggest spenders. $147 new customer cost per acquisition. And literally a $4,000 cost per new customer.

Like literally, they were getting insanely high cost per new customer acquisition for this business. And overall, two was really high. And they were struggling overall because the more they would spend on Facebook, the more overall new customer cost per acquisition would shoot up.

They were getting a lot of organic and all we're getting a lot of like referrals and stuff like that, which was keeping new customer cost per acquisition down overall. But it was also giving them a false flag, thinking that it was Facebook doing all that work. When in reality, as soon as they started spending more on Facebook, their cost per new customer acquisition shot up.

So this is two things we did here. And you can also see even on our new ads, we have a $97 AOV. Whereas like they were getting like in 74 and 85 in their highest two spending campaigns.

I mean, look, this is literally $147 cost per new customer. I mean, they probably got 30 new customers off of this right here. This one got one new customer with this campaign.

So next thing we did, obviously, yeah, first thing we did was create a CBO campaign and we tossed in our top performing ads in there. CBO campaign is an advantage campaign budget. That means we set the budget right here at the campaign level.

We start off at $100 a day and we did a manual sales campaign, non-advantage plus. And then we did for the ad set level, we did original audience options and we excluded the last 180 day customers. That way we can really prioritize only new customers that are seeing these ads.

So that was another thing we did as well with increasing or, you know, decreasing that cost per new customer acquisition. Now you'll see each ad set has their own kind of unique name. 108, 106, 104, 109.

That's just basically like I start off all of our creative concepts at 101. That's just a naming convention for me. So this doesn't mean we tested 109 concepts.

We actually only tested like literally one, two, three, four, five concepts starting off this account. Now, we don't use a main ad set anymore. It just so happened out of habit.

That's what we named our first ad set. So just for y'all that's about to comment below. Oh my God, Nick, I just don't use me anymore.

It's like, look, literally just out of habit, we named it that. We launched and we launched our first like concept in there. Every ad set we create, number one, we don't put any minimum spend.

We just let Facebook spend based off what's most likely to work. We trust Facebook. We believe Facebook is way better at predicting winning ads than us.

That's just what I stick by. Now, for our ad set level, each ad set is one concept. And one concept, this could be an iteration.

This could be a new idea. This could be a variation. That's the three things that each ad set could be.

And every ad set is going to have three creatives. And it's either going to be three videos or three photos. It's not going to be both.

It's not going to be two photos and a video. It's not going to be three videos and three photos. It's literally just three videos or three photos.

I'm just going to go a little bit further into this, how this is set up. We do one flexible ad per ad set. This is a different account.

I just took a screenshot from the other account right here. So, you know, this won't be full context. We do one flexible creative per ad set.

Here, you can create the ad, manual upload, flexible. And then inside of here, we upload our three photos and our two copies. One winning, one losing.

I mean, not losing. One winning, one new, one winning, one new. And what we'll do in that flexible creative, again, that's going to be three creatives.

Three videos or three photos. And for the videos, it's either going to be three videos with a different visual hook with same body, same text hook, or it'll be three videos with a different text hook with the same body and same visual hook. Now, if it's three photos, the same with a different text hook on each, or we'll do three photos all different with the same text hook.

So that's just the kind of four different, I guess you could say, creative options that we're going to load into that ad set. And it just depends on where we're at in the process of which one we do. Now, here is just example right here where we did three creatives, three photos, all the same text hook, just a different visual hook on it.

Then from here, again, we're going to let the CBO do the work. We're going to let the CBO spin on whatever ad sets most likely to improve performance. Now, how does Facebook choose what ad sets are spin on?

Facebook doesn't have a certain guideline of, hey, this is an ad set that we're going to spin on. So just from my experience of spending a million dollars a month on Facebook ads for the last couple of years is Facebook prioritizes ads that get really good engagement. Now, engagement is not a like or a comment.

It is, but it isn't. So engagement can literally just be a scroll stop. And engagement can be, oh, there are people are watching this whole video through.

Oh, people are liking, people are commenting, people are sharing, people are, you know, sending this to a friend and stuff like that. All of those are considered engagements. And the ones that get the most scroll stops are the ones that's going to basically get more spin.

The second thing Facebook looks like it looks at is the number of people that resonate with that ad. If Facebook can only find a small amount of people that resonate with that ad. So like you see right here, 252, this 106 right here, it only spent $252 over the last seven days.

Now, this is a static ad and this is a UGC. No, it doesn't mean UGC is better or static ads are worse. It just simply means that the stuff we put in that static ad wasn't resonating with a lot of people.

That's all it meant. Because it wasn't resonating with a lot of people and we didn't do a great job at creating that static ad. It only spent a small amount of money based off the number of people it could Facebook could find that resonates with that ad.

And then for this UGC, it converted much better because it found a lot more people that resonated with that ad. So we got more spin. That's all it means.

We've seen static ads crush and beat UGC. We've seen UGC crush and beat static. There's no it one or the other is better.

It just comes down to what do you need to provide to create belief for your front of your customer and how many people will resonate with that ad. That's all that matters. Now, how many per week to test?

How many DCTs or I keep calling it DCTs, but ad sets you need to do per week. I like to launch two or three on a Monday and let it run for seven days. Keep it simple.

So if I'm on three creatives, it's about nine creatives a week. Now, what a lot of people are like stuck at is like, well, Nick, how can I just go create a hundred of these? It's like, don't because what's essentially going to happen here is your quality.

Because again, we just really just looked at this like, hey, the better quality, the better content we create. These are the pieces of content that's going to crush and do really good. As long as it's based off research, market positioning, market awareness, desire, all those correct marketing fundamentals that teach in my ebook below ads.scalebook.com.

As long as all of those things are done correctly, it takes a lot of time. And the reality is, is that for people to do it correctly, it's rare. I can see people do six and 10 a week.

Correct. And unless they have a huge team with like, you know, like I see people comparing themselves to like Ash with Obvi, who has a huge team who can pump out 40 creatives a week. They have a team that can read, like basically replicate all that really well.

Because they have multiple people that are all working collectively together. And then I have people that are like that literally are a one man team and like, well, Nick, Ash is doing 40 creatives a week. I'm like, yeah, but you're not fucking Ash.

You're spending a hundred dollars a day. You're doing all this yourself. I see people that literally when they take that approach and it's like, oh shit, two or three DCTs is a lot.

And that's okay because we're prioritizing create or quality and we're building these things correctly. Next thing is you basically just want to leave these things on for it to impact overall performance. We want to, you know, we want to like, like for example, this is a $14 cost per purchase right now.

If I launch a new ad set in here, I want it to lower overall CPA of $14. So like for example, this one of six will be turned off once we hit probably like a day or two, we'll turn it off because it's getting up $31 CPA. We turned off one of four because it was getting a $19 CPA.

Now it was spending for a lot longer than seven days. It's just, we're catching it on the back half at seven days. So that's why it only shows a little spin right there.

So that's another thing. Then we're just cutting the ones that do not spend. They do not spend.

Then it's a bad ad. Long story short. Um, yeah.

And then we also cut the ones that have a negative impact on the business. And if you want to scale this campaign, all you got to do is increase this by 20%. That's it.

So I got to do, you don't have to go add budget to ad set level or anything like that. That's why I love literally using ad set or CBO. Cause I just let Facebook spend on whatever it thinks it's going to convert.

Now, do you need to create a new campaign to test new ones? No, you don't at all. Like literally just an example right here.

This is one campaign and we've tested dozens and dozens of ad sets inside of that campaign. We do not need to create new campaigns or anything like that. New ad sets, not getting any spin.

Cool. You can toss the minimum spin on there. Five, $20 a day.

And I'm only telling you that. So that way, cause I know you're going to want to do it. So I'm telling you to do it so you can realize, oh shit, this doesn't work because my creative is shit.

So Facebook doesn't want to spend on it. And Facebook was right at the end of the day and Facebook's actually trying not to let me burn my money. So I'm gonna let you learn the hard way and let you go burn your money.

And that way you can understand, oh shit. Yeah. You know, Facebook was actually right.

And then you're not seeing any results of testing new ads. Your inputs create the output you want. So the type, the way you're thinking about creatives right now is bad and you're creating a lot of bad ads.

And if you keep creating bad ads, you're gonna keep creating bad results. So you have to understand that flexible is just a way to test. It does not increase performance.

Nick is flexible, better than advantage. Plus I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about? Those are two completely different things.

Flexible is just a way to test. It's like literally blaming a hammer after you nail and nail in the wall because the house fell down. It's like, no, the hammer worked perfectly fine.

The hammer did its job. It's your ability to build a house that sucks. And hey, that's okay.

That's what my YouTube channel is for. That's what my ebook below is before to get my exact process to build the ads that convert. But anyway, thank you all so much for watching.

Also recommend checking out this too, as well as my advanced Facebook ads guide. Watch it if you want to be a pro. Long story short.

So thank you all so much for watching. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, create the ads, do all the research, build out the concepts, run your ad account, all of that good stuff. And you're spending, or if you're doing over $100,000 a month in revenue, we outbrand scale to multiples at seven figures a month. We've got four brands now and love to help you become the next one.

Just simply click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. And if you want to be mentored by me, click link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you where we'll come in. We'll hop on one-on-one calls together.

Go over your ad account. Go over the ad ideas and stuff like that. Run in your account.

And then we have weekly group calls, Telegram chat, course, all that good stuff that I highly recommend you diving into. So thanks so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.