Here is how I never run out of Facebook ad ideas. This is the exact process I follow to be able to produce anywhere between six to 12 new creatives every single week for our clients at our agency. This is roughly anywhere between 60 to 120 creatives a week that we push out.

We only work with 10 clients at a time. So due to that, we try to stay systemized with everything we do. So with that being said, let's dive into it.

So first thing that we love to pull Facebook ad ideas from is just simply research. And you should be researching every day, anywhere between five minutes, 10 minutes, up to 30 minutes a day. And there's three key areas I like to go to for research.

There's our brand. So basically like your assets, your competitors, and then like online content in general. So let's just go through these really quick.

Our brand, one of my favorite places, just social media comments, specifically comments on our ads. We had one particular client where two girls tagged each other on one ad and they said, girls night soon question mark. And we pulled that and we use that girls night hook as one creative for our clients.

And we literally took them from, they were doing about 150K a month and we were able to scale up to about $2 million a month, specifically using that hook right there and creating creatives around that particular hook with girls having girls nights and stuff like that. Yeah, just phenomenal place. Look at your Facebook ad comments and what are people tagging each other?

And what are people saying about the product when they tag each other? That is such a goldmine right there. Next one, if you look at like your support inbox, whether it's like on Facebook, Instagram, and maybe specifically look for like questions people keep asking about the product, you can create an ad that like handles those questions right there.

So if a lot of people keep asking or like have a negative belief that, hey, you know, is this product waterproof? For example, you could showcase a whole bunch of examples of that product being waterproof, dropping it in a tub of water, things like that. Next good place is like reviews.

Look at all the reviews, good and bad on your products. Look at why people love the product and look at what people hate about the product. Use the things people love to create more content around that and use the things that people hate to improve your products so you have a better product that people will love.

And then lastly, tagged posts. People who tag you on Instagram, look at what they look like, look at their age, look at their gender, look at their race, look at how they talk. Is there any slang they use or anything like that?

Look at that. And normally I can pull some ideas from that as well. Usually how they talk, how they look, that's more of how I'm gonna like, what's the type of people and how they're gonna talk in the creative itself.

Now, next thing is competitors. I'm looking at two different types of competitors. I'm looking at indirect and direct.

Direct competitors are selling the exact same product as you and then indirect are solving the exact same desire as you. So I help businesses make more money. I'm directly competitive with all the other Facebook ads agencies.

I'm indirectly competitive with all the other Google ads, email marketing, things like that, because these are other things that are competing for my money for basically me signing on clients. Now, I'm looking at a couple things. I'm looking at reviews, good and bad, same thing.

I'm looking at tagged content. I'm specifically looking at their ads, what type of ads they're using and what are they showing in the creative? What is the hook on the creative?

All of those good things right there. And then also too, like YouTube, Reddit, Google reviews, articles. I wanna search these competitors on YouTube and I wanna look at the review videos and what people are saying about these competitors.

I learned this from Christian Guzman, owner of Alphalete. He said when he's designing like women's leggings and things like that, he'll go and watch all of the competitor reviews of like women trying on like Lululemon leggings, trying on like Young LA, Gymshark leggings, things like that. He'll go and watch all of those and that's where he'll use that feedback to of like how we can improve his product, right?

What are the things they hate about those products he can introduce in his? Then he's also looking at what are the things they're saying, what they love about it and how can we use that to apply to our product to where we can create creatives around that as well. Now, the next one is online content.

And online content, I like to pretend I am that customer with that problem or that desire and I'm just simply going on YouTube and like TikTok and Instagram and searching for that thing. So let's say for example, I was a brokie again and I was searching like how to make money, ways to make money online. How can I make money online?

Maybe I discover like Facebook ads agency. Is Facebook ads agency a scam? How to make $1,000 a month with a Facebook ads agency?

Five ways to run your Facebook ads agency. How to get your first client as a Facebook ad agency. So like I'll go online and search those things up pretending I am one of the consumers and that's where I'll go and review all that content right there to just essentially just look at it from the perspective of like, hey, what are people consuming?

What are people saying? What are the hooks they're using? What are the visuals they're showcasing?

And how can I leverage that into an ad script for my brand? Now, the next thing I like to look at is reviewing failed ads and winning ads. So you have two types of ads in your account.

You have winning ads that you've ran and they crush and you also have ads that you've tested and they just, they failed. And I like to look at both winners and failures and I like to just spend about 30 minutes reviewing it. What went right?

What went wrong? And what can be improved, right? So if we have a winning ad, what went right about this ad?

What made it so good? If we have a failed ad, what did go right? There was something at least that went right that we're happy about, but also too, what went wrong and what can we improve?

And usually those ideations that we get from that review session, we can leverage into, hey, let's go turn these into creatives now. And we're basically creating like iterations off those creatives and we're going execute on that. And then lastly is writing headlines.

So this is one of my favorite things to do as well, where I'll just take headlines, whether it's like formulas I have, you know, I've gotten about 33 different formulas from a book breakthrough advertising and I give those to like all my students and stuff like that. So I'll use those a lot for just like creating like new headlines and stuff like that. And then also to just iterations, right?

So like if I already have a winning headline of like three ways to run Facebook ads, I could go in like, what are other ways to say the same thing? Three ways to scale Facebook ads. Five reasons why you need to scale your Facebook ads or something like that.

So I'll go and just start writing these different headlines and just seeing what else pops to my attention. Again, there's just no like right or wrong here, right? You'll write probably 30 of them and you'll have one of them that you really like and that is totally okay in this scenario.

So I'll just go spend some time writing headlines. Again, I'll pull from some formulas and also I'll pull from just things that we already know work. How can we create some new ones?

And then that's gonna be the hook for our creative and then we'll go write the script around that particular hook. So this is basically how we never run out of Facebook ad ideas, you know, between research, reviewing stuff and then also to just writing down headlines. Like you're always gonna have things to review.

You're always gonna have things to research and you're always gonna have things to basically write headlines around. Between these three things, pick and choose which ones you wanna do every day. You don't have to use all of them every day.

But pick and choose when and where they become handy and promise you, you will never run out of Facebook ad ideas from there. Thank y'all so much for watching. Hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And if you wanna scale your Shopify store to seven figures per month, we specifically help six figure a month stores scale to seven figures. We've helped four brands now.

Love to help you become the next one. Click the link below to book a call with me. And if you're a Shopify store owner doing at least $10,000 per month in revenue and you wanna be around a brotherhood of other store owners who are looking to learn to scale to seven figures a month, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

And then if you're stuck at 50 to $100 a day in Facebook ad spend and you wanna know the exact marketing fundamentals we do to spend $1,000 plus a day profitably with Facebook, click the link below for Nick's Facebook ads course. Thank y'all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.