Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Saria and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we'll be talking about how we went from a 2x ROAS to 4x ROAS, spending a few hundred bucks a day on Facebook ads within seven days. I'm going to show you kind of like a client we've been working with for months now, how we had a dip in performance and then how we were able to pull performance back up. So this is very vital to understand to show you guys, hey, where we went wrong, how we pull performance back up so that way you guys can basically take that and basically apply to your business.

So that way, if you're struggling through with this, you have the opportunity as well. So that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video.

All right. So 2x to 4x ROAS in seven days for finding new winning ads. So I'm going to show you guys everything.

So basically the first two weeks of May, we were struggling. We're seeing about 2.37x ROAS, which is not the greatest because we, we ideally want to be about for this particular client. He or she, he or she wants to be between a 2.5, 3x like that, that, that's the goal right there.

So they want to be at whatever scale at 2.5, 3x. Okay. Every brand is different when it comes down to ROAS metrics.

Okay. So just put that in your head. There's some brands that literally have a break-even of like 1.2 and they can scale out at like a 2x, 2.5x.

Then there's some brands that are literally break-even at 2.5 and need to be at a 4 or 5x. Just to even be profitable. So just put that in the metrics there.

Now, over the last seven days, we completely turned that around and went from a 2.37 to 4.10. And you can just see right here. And the amount spent on ads, $6,000 the first two weeks of May.

The last seven days, $5,800 spent on ads. So literally like there's no difference. Realistically like ads dropping, they're still very close.

It's just we're profiting almost, almost 3x more by increasing the ROAS. All right. So just a little backstory real quick.

First two weeks of May, we basically fell into a slow period. We saw ROAS dropping as you guys could see essentially. Now, new creative batches were not converting.

So that's another big thing right there. We were testing new creatives and we're not converting. So like that's a big thing right there.

If new, like we see performance drop, new creative batches were not converting. So what do you do in that situation? And I just want to, I just want you to like see and like first, like visually articulate to you guys.

You can see right here how many batches of ads we're assessing. Each ad set is about three to four new ads. So you can see just about how many different ads we're testing on, you know, in that two week process right there.

And for us, for this account, we needed to see about a 1.5 to 2x ROAS, basically see a winning ad in that sense. Then we launched some new stuff and then we found these new batches of winning ads right here. And again, last seven days, I'm looking at this particular window.

Also cross-checked over at TripleL. You can see these exact metrics just to see, okay, cool. Hey, that's how we ever define those new winning ads.

And then we also convey like look to TripleL, just double check those winning ads right there as well. So you're probably thinking like, okay, cool. Like what, what changed right here?

You know? So the first things first was our creative team was going down the wrong path. So basically the way we have it in our agency is that we have our, our copywriter writes the copy and like the on-screen visuals and stuff like that for the creatives.

Then you have a visual creator that takes all that and goes out and create those creatives. So, and then we all as a team decide on a weekly basis, what creatives want to take action on by using ideas backlog, basically just a Google sheet with all of our different ad concepts. We want to test for a particular account.

Now, what we basically had to do is kind of step back and we had to stop and reassess our efforts and thought processes. Cause usually when you go down a process like this, we're like, okay, cool. Last like two, three months, everything's been crushing.

And then last few weeks, okay. Everything starts tanking down. It's okay, cool.

Like what are we creating? What are the ads we're creating? What like, we need to do something drastically different.

And that's that's right there. Whatever we're doing now, we need to do something different to get a different result. Because if we, the last few batches have been doing bad, there's something we're consistently doing.

That's not performing right. So we pulled back, went back to basics just for some quick wins where we basically just took all the competitors ads and created iterations. So that's basically what we did right here.

We went ahead, looked at all of our competitors. We pulled out five or six ads from each ads library. And then we just started creating iterations of those, which we saw.

I mean, like I said, just an immediate improvement of performance. You can see right here, these batches of ads, and then boom, you can see these right here. That's doing drastically better.

So that's basically what changed right there. Now there was some thoughts we had to fight. And like, I want you guys to see this and obviously at any point right here, we could have been like, okay, cool.

Like economy's bad right now. Like with everything going on at any point, we could have been like, Hey, maybe there's just no buyers in the market. At any point, we could basically say there's no buyer intent right now.

At any point we could have said, Hey, maybe, you know, we need to test like do back campaign and try some crazy new structure. Middle funnel, bottom funnel, yada, yada, yada. We didn't take, we didn't change anything in the account.

Only thing we changed was new creatives inside of here. And I want to articulate this to you guys, because some of you guys would have been look at this and been like, Hey, I tested new creatives and it didn't work. And you'd show me this.

I'm like, okay, cool. You did test new creatives. But the problem was, was the thought process behind it.

The planning side behind it was not correct. And we validate that by seeing this particular account right here, go from this particular ROAS, these particular ads, these batches performing poorly to be able to basically seeing this new batch. We test it with a different thought process and we can see an immediate improvement in performance.

And again, the only thing we changed was our approach. We took a step back. We took a different approach.

We took a different approach by changing up the messaging, by digging deeper into our creative fundamentals, our marketing fundamentals around the creative that we're producing. And that allowed us to generate a better result in that sense right there. We took what was working for our competitors and we applied it.

Now, a lot of guys would see that and be like, okay, cool. Now I'm just going to go and take a look at my competitors and, and just keep doing that. And I do agree with that.

I recommend that go look at your competitors at libraries, replicate ads they're creating, because it's been the fastest way of you getting to results because they are spending money and they've tested what works and what doesn't work. But what it allowed us to do is find some quick wins, but also allows us to find some new winning variables because there's a few new winning angles in here that we have yet to test for this particular account. So now that we found some new winning variables, we can take those variables and go apply that to some new ads as well without having to go look at competitor ad libraries.

We've identified what works by doing a creative analysis of looking at old stuff and looking at our new stuff. We've done that in a team meeting. So now we know what variables, particularly in those creatives that are winning right now or doing significantly better than the old stuff.

So now that you identified the variables, you can better guide your team of, okay, create ads around these variables. So that way they can have fun and create some new concepts as well. So just to, just to have more stuff and not having to consistently rely on your competitors, but test new stuff based off proven marketing fundamentals and proven marketing variables that's worked in with this new batch of stuff.

So I want to look at it from that perspective right there, which you guys, because we have to fight thoughts while going through this, this particular period right here, where we had a lot of batches that fell over and over and over. We had to fight these thoughts that I see the same people over and over in my comments saying these exact things. You know, no one's buying right now.

Economy's just bad. Well, Nick, someone else told me if an asset was performing badly, just dupe it and it'll perform better. Or, hey, go into campaign and duplicate multiple assets over and over.

Or, hey, broad is not working. We need to test more audiences. That's all stuff that could have been validated at the time that we could have tested and done, but we did not because.

The reality is when performance starts to drop, you need to find new winning ads. Okay. People are tired of saying the same ads over and over that you've been scaling over the last two, three months.

You need to find new winning ads. Okay. That is it.

That is the one action you need to take. Okay. Now, assuming you have a winning offer, I will say that.

So a winning offer is the value you're giving exchange for their money. Okay. Not 10% off, 20% off.

It's, hey, I'm the customer. I'm giving you 20 bucks. What are you giving me?

Well, I'm giving you a Facebook ads course. I'm teaching marketing fundamentals, yada, yada, yada, all this cool stuff. Like that's the offer right there.

So, and I want to say this again, I'd rather grow a mile deep and an inch wide versus an inch deep and a mile wide. And what I mean by this is being a great marketer is understanding all the possible actions you can take to improve performance, but choosing the one to focus on that's going to create the biggest impact and results. While I could have done all of these things, I could have gone and tested new audiences.

I could have spent time trying to, you know, just research the economy, or I could just have easily said no one's buying right now. Or I could have gone and tested duplicating a campaign or duplicating an ad set multiple different times to see if it's the auction overlap or the right pool of people and stuff like that. I could have done all of this, but instead I knew what was the main lever that's going to drive performance for an account.

And that was testing new ads and finding new ads. And I consistently done that and did not see it. So that's not to pull back, pull back for a second and readjust.

Okay. Yes, we're testing new creatives, but you also need to look at, are we consistently learning from every creative test? Because if you have multiple different fails like this, the main problem you're having is you're not learning from each batch.

You're not testing either. Like if all of your, if all these batches were just like, okay, this week we're going to test this color, this week we're going to test this color. But instead I was going a little bit deeper.

Hey, let's make sure each week is a widely different approach. So that way we're, we're constantly testing new approaches and then we'll start doing iterations. So like we really dug deep into more of the thought processes side around the creative side.

And that's what I challenge you guys who are watching this. Yes. You can go ahead and try all these other things, um, and they count, but none of that's going to create the results you want.

So I challenge you right now with your current creatives, are you identifying the variables that's converting the best right now? Like those right now who are crushing your ads right now, have you identified the variables inside of your creatives? Have you performed the creative analysis to identify why people are responding to that creative?

Then take that information and give it to your creative team and allow your creative team to have some fun with those variables right there. Then go check out your competitors. Look at all your competitors.

What's working for them? What are the variables they've identified and they're putting pressure on? Because those things right there also too are going to be very powerful in that sense.

So I challenge you guys to have fun with your marketing and have fun with that and like go do all this stuff, but also to try to learn with every test. Don't just test for the sake of testing into sake of getting new creative account test with the purpose of finding a new winning ad test with the purpose of I've identified these winning things. I've created an ad around it and now I'm testing to really figure something out here.

So yeah, that's basically it. Um, and I just got a little bit of a rant, a little tangent right here, but it's the reality of what we live in right now with this marketing game. And yeah, just wanted to really show you guys a really cool win for us.

And yeah, I mean, I've showed you guys all the performance and all that good stuff like that. So long story short, keep learning from your creative tests, perform a creative analysis and have some fun with it. So guys, thank you so much for watching this video.

Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. If you're an econ brand or an app installs brand or Legion brand, and you're looking to improve your performance with Facebook ads and looking to work with a team that's generated over $20 million in online revenue, specifically with Facebook ads. Then click the link below to put call if me and my team will hop on a call together.

See if you're a good fit for the agency. Um, we'll also do a strategy like session with you and you can take that strategy and run with it. Or you have the option to work with us if you choose now, that being said, if you're kind of like not making or making the revenue goals that we're looking for, um, I will have a course coming out soon.

That's going to be related to all of this dig, like deep digging, marketing from the middle. So that's fun stuff that I'm always talking about. Um, so that will be in the future.

So guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. Um, again, my name is Nick Terrio. Hope you guys have a great rest of your day.

Peace out.