I have done over $100 million in online revenue with Facebook ads for my clients. And today, I'm going to show you the exact day-to-day optimizations we make every time we log into the Facebook ads manager. So with that being said, let's dive into the video.

So first things first, we always start off the day with recording MER. It's one of the very first things that we do every time we log inside of the Facebook ad account. Now, this is a very simple task here.

All we're simply doing is open up TripleWell. We're opening up this little Google sheet right here and recording down the total number of Shopify revenue, the total number of new customer revenue, total number of new customer orders, total orders, and a total new customer percentage. Also, too, we like to record TW profit.

So with TripleWell showing for profit that day, we also like to record the Facebook ad spin, the Google spin, TikTok spin, and yeah, that's it. And all of this is auto-calculator right here, just summing these up. This Google sheet right here can be found inside of my Inner Circle program or my course below.

But look, it's nothing fancy at all. It's literally just a freaking Google sheet with adding and subtracting formulas. Like anyone can go make that super easy.

Yeah. And just every day. So every day, here's two seven, here's two six, here's two five, 2024.

Every day, we record that so we can see the overall revenue, the overall spend, the overall MER, which is marketing efficiency ratio. And we can also see the NC ROAS, which is new customer ROAS and NCCPA, which is new customer cost per acquisition. So we record this every day.

And this is what's going to allow us to start off with our next adjustment. So we opened up a Facebook ad account, we recorded MER. Now we're going to do with budgets adjustments.

So was yesterday NCCPA at target or lower? So I'll look today is, you know, to February 22nd, 2024. So I would look at February 21st, 2024 was yesterday NCCPA at target or lower.

So our target NCCPA for this particular brand is I want to say like 28 or $30. So this one was $33. So because it was at $33 yesterday, it was not a target and it was not lower than target.

So then if it's not, then basically we have to look back at is all right, cool. Then has it been at least full three full days since we adjusted budget last? If yes, then are we at the hard deck?

Hard deck is basically just meaning there's a certain level of spin. I don't want to go below regardless of performance because it makes it more difficult for me to test new ads. So if I scaled up to 10K a day and performance is bad, I don't want to scale all the way down to $10 a day.

What I'll do is, is I'll scale down to maybe a thousand dollars a day and just maintain a thousand dollars a day, regardless if performance is good or bad. So that's the hard deck. If yes, then we just wait and do nothing.

But if no, and it's been full three full days of last adjustment, then we'll scale down by 20%. So then I'll just go inside a Facebook ads manager and lower that ad spend by 20%. If yesterday NCCPA is at target or lower than target.

So we want a $30 or lower than what I'll do is I'll just increase budget by 20%. I do not care about current day performance. I never make decisions based off current day performance.

See people all the time. Well, Nick, I see that yesterday's NCCPA was lower and I should scale today, but today the NCCPA is higher. So I don't want to increase budget.

I'm like, I don't give a fuck. I'm still increasing that budget. I don't care about today's performance.

All right. Everything is based off last 24 hours. Or if not, then what I'll do is, is, um, the reason why I like to wait, like what will tend to happen here is we do every 24 hours scale up.

So we're scaling up. And then the reason why I don't want to, um, scale down too quick at performance dips, because sometimes we'll scale up and CC NCCPA will rise and we're too quick to scale down. I want to actually hold it at that budget and let it optimize that level.

And sometimes what we'll see is, is NCCPA will stabilize out to where it can scale up again, or we just realized, Hey, we hit a wall and we need to find new winning ads to scale past that. So that's why I'm not really trying to scale budget too quick. Like once I scale budget up, I don't want to scale it down too quickly because sometimes the need to just optimize or we see a finding winning ads at that level.

So that's my first, my second thing. So record in me are, I make my budget adjustments really quick. If you're leveraging, uh, the single CBO strategy or one campaign strategy per business objective that I like to leverage, then it's as literally as simple as logging the account, changing a budget of one or two CBOs.

And that is it. Next thing what we do is we check Asana. Asana is, uh, we have an Asana project for each particular client.

And this is where my creative team develops concepts. My copywriter starts off with the idea. My strategist approves it.

My copywriter finishes scripting everything out, then sends over to my visual creator. And my visual creator creates the creative and then ends up in Asana. So we have the to do, which is for my copywriter.

We have the doing, which is like my average, my, uh, copywriters finishing these things up and then ready to launch basically just means, Hey, it's ready for the media buyer to launch anything under the ready to launch tab. That's where my media buyer has to go actually pull those and upload them as new DCTs inside of the Facebook ads manager. So you can see right here, we launched two new DCTs, um, today for this particular account.

So now we're going to let them run for seven days and then see if they take majority of spin or not taking majority spin means it's going to beat all of these ad sets at the high level. And if not, we'll turn those off. And I'll show you in a second, uh, turning some of those off.

Also too, if you want a more in-depth video of how we test Facebook ads in 2024, just go check this video out, how to test Facebook ads in 2024, because I show you literally everything step-by-step of how we leverage it. Now, after we've recorded in MER, we've adjusted budget. We've checked Asana.

We've launched in the ads we needed to launch. And look, there's sometimes we're like four or five days out the week. There's no ads to be launched.

So we just check Asana and that's it. And we move on. Next thing is the ad adjustments.

Here's where we're just turning off anything new that we launched. It's simply not working. So in this particular case right here, um, we turned off, um, this two new DCTs right here that we ran for seven days and guess what?

They created little to no impact to this business. Yes. It has a slower CPA in this particular scenario versus one 80 right here.

This one has 17,000 spend with $22 CPA. This one has $2,000 spend with $21 CPA. These two things.

Yes. While they're, you know, have a, like they, they literally have like a 0.01% impact on the business. Why?

Because look how much it spent, spent $4,000 where this one spent $17,000. So these as my opinion are failures. I don't give a fuck.

Like I'm cutting those off. They don't help out. So I'm turning these ads off.

Um, this one decently. Well, it's creating like a 10% impact. This one right here, a little bit more.

And this one's right here is taking majority of spin. That's the one. Well, also too, if, um, there's anything that like take majority of spin that starts to not convert well, or it's taking majority of spin, but it's just not converting at all.

Um, then we'll turn those off as well. Um, and then we'll, we'll measure how the next few days go. So go ahead, record MR, do our budget adjustments.

We check Asana for any new ads to be launched. We make our quick little adjustments in the ad account in terms of like turning all ads off. Um, and then lastly, when we turn those ads off, we record results inside of our creative roadmap cheat.

So you can see right here, these were the last, um, what five, six, uh, yeah, five, uh, DCTs we launched for this particular account. And you can see right here out of these five, uh, it's actually the skeletons one right here, 180 that's crushed it for this particular account. And you can see it became a winner.

You can see right here, we lose at like 80 to 90% of the concepts we test being complete transparent with you. We only winning at 10, 20% of those concepts. And guess what?

When they work, they work. They make us significantly more money because we're constantly focused on the larger piece of the picture right here. So after we record those results, what we'll do is we'll lastly end the day with client updates.

So we'll let the client know if we raised the budget or decrease the budget. If we launched any new ads and if we found any new winners, that is it. And we'll do, we'll repeat this process for all 10 of our clients every single day.

Um, takes about 15 minutes to 30 minutes. Most to go through this process for each account. Um, obviously it just doesn't include like the creative process to creative creation.

And that's because that's a whole separate team outside of media buyers, media buyers are just button pushers. Like all of this is just button pushing. There's really no thought in here.

Like literally record numbers on a sheet. Um, literally very specific. Do this, do that type of scenario right here.

Upload anything that you need to launch. That's simple. Just create a new ad set.

Boom. Upload the ads, um, add adjustments, turn off the ones or two that's not taking a majority of spin from your last test, record the results. The results are literally just loser or winner.

And then send the client at the update. If you do any of these three media buying in 2024 is a very low paying activity because it contributes little to nothing for the performance. Yes.

Don't get me wrong. Like 20% of it for performance. It's all about creatives that create, uh, that convert.

So you can see right here, this one 80 right here, this was built by my creative team. We went film the content, we scripted out the idea and everything like that. And that right there is what allowed us to make a significant impact on performance for this particular account right here.

So that's why it's more important than ever to be focusing more on the Facebook ad creative side of what goes into that creative, how that creative is scripted out, how that creative is filmed, how it's edited, what type of people that we need to put in there, what type of research we did to have confidence in that. And that's all the things that we help our clients with. So if you want us to help you out running your Facebook ads, click link below.

I help brand scale from a hundred thousand dollars a month to multiple seven figures a month. Now we've helped four brands now scale past a $2.5 million month mark. Love to help you out being an X.

And if you're like, Hey Nick, that's just out of my price range right now. Then I also have my monthly mentoring, which is also linked below where I can coach you on a monthly basis to get you to that level. And if you're like, Hey Nick, I'm pretty new to all this.

I know how to run Facebook ads, but I'm new to everything else that my Facebook ads course that focuses on about 80% marketing fundamentals. Actually, I'll do all that yourself. So thank you all so much for watching.

Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Therrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.