We just scaled a Facebook ads account to $20,000 a day. And with that being said, I want to dive into the account today and show y'all how we set it up, how we did the creative testing, and how we think about further scaling to get to 100k or a million dollars a month in revenue. With that being said, let's dive into it.

So first off, here's just the account over the last seven days. We're currently running three campaigns in this account. One campaign, Tintin Rod, for example, this is our main campaign that we leverage for scaling up our main core product.

This one right here is just a completely different product that we're scaling. So because they're two different products, I don't want to keep them in the same campaign. So, you know, different business objectives.

And then lastly, we have a product testing campaign where we're testing new products that we're launching for the store to find other winning products to further keep scaling this business up. Now, just showing you all the triple well. Last seven days, we did about $120,000 in revenue.

$40,000 spent on ads. That's like $30,000 or majority Facebook and like some Google ads been right there. Overall, we did a 3.2 or 3.1x ROAS for this particular client.

And net profit is $24,000. One of the downsides of this particular client is they do have very bad margins. That is something the clients are aware of and something that we're aware of.

And we've been working on improving those margins by increasing AOV and also going ahead and working with the manufacturer to be able to give us lower cost of goods in that sense. And then here was just the other day where we did $21,000 in sales, a single day spent roughly about $6,400 in ads, which is a quick little testimonial. I guess you could say from the client right here.

We're not really testimonial, but just client's reaction and stuff. But yeah, so just kind of diving into it. We'll focus on our main campaign right here because it's spending literally $4,100 a day, which is the bulk of all of our advertising right now.

And you can see right here, last seven days, we had a $19 cost per purchase. Inside of here, we're just running a CBO campaign. So that means we can edit the budget at the campaign level.

And we're doing all of our budget adjustments at the campaign level. All we're simply doing is just increasing that budget by 20% as long as performance is good. I never look at same day performance.

I never make decisions off same day performance. I simply just go in where it says last seven days. I click that and I look at the last three day average.

So I'll select the last three days. If performance is good, I'm increasing by 20%. And if performance is bad, I'm just holding, I'm not decreasing spin.

So that way we can actually go ahead and figure out whatever the bottleneck is and then solve for that bottleneck so we can keep scaling further. On a campaign level or ad set level, inside of here, we're just simply adding in new ad sets every week with new creatives we want to test. We have probably 300 ad sets in this one particular campaign because we've been running this campaign for over a year now to be able to scale this client up.

And yeah, I don't create new campaigns unless it's like for a different business objective, which you guys seen in the first kind of preview of that those other two business objectives we're going after. So all I'm doing is adding in new ad sets, allowing those ads to either spin because they're good ads and Facebook, you know, and like they take overall spin and, you know, they either improve performance or hurt performance. If they hurt performance, I'm turning them off.

If they improve performance, I'm leaving them on. And then if they don't spin, I'm just leaving them on because likelihood, they're not good ads if Facebook's not spinning on it. And I fully trust the algorithm.

I've been running this method now for three years and I haven't had any issues with it. Now, in terms of each ad set, each ad set has three different creatives that are split by one small variable. So for example, here, all creatives will always have the same text on it.

Just the only difference here is that I'll change something from a visual standpoint to make it look, you know, different from each one, but they're still all roughly the same thing. And then each individual ad set will have a different concept per ad sets. Like this is one ad set.

This is another ad set. And then if I zoom into that ad set, this is what it would look like in that case right there. So you can see right here, all of them have the same text.

I just have a different visual touch to it to make it look different. Now, in terms of the ad set, targeting placements and all that, we're running Advantage Plus on the audience. We're running Advantage Plus on the placements.

I'm excluding last 30 days. Some accounts have 30 days. Some accounts have 180 days.

To be honest, I don't notice any difference. For the most part, we're going to 180 days. It's just some accounts we haven't updated yet.

So moral of the story here is that it makes like maybe a 1% impact in performance. I've seen people literally stressing over the fact of, oh, you know, I don't know if I should do 180 days or 30 days. My life depends on it.

It's like, dude, chill the fuck out. It makes maybe a 1%, maybe a 1% difference in performance. It's not going to help you go from a 0.9 ROAS to a 4X ROAS and be able to scale.

Change your product because it's probably shitty, to be honest. But yeah, so our creative strategy is pretty straightforward. I'm consistently looking and reviewing at the data inside of the account.

And what I want to do is identify a bottleneck that's preventing us from spending more inside of the account. And then I simply go create those creatives to solve that bottleneck. Then I'll test those creatives.

And then guess what? I'm going to review the data. There's been plenty of times where we identify a bottleneck, we test new creatives, they don't work.

And we have to test a few rounds of creatives before we can actually break that bottleneck right there. These different bottlenecks I'm looking for is like, you know, for example, we had one client that, you know, was just consistently using the same desire as all the competitors. They've been stuck in 150K a month.

They tested probably 50, 60 ads on that one particular desire right there. And we just simply just changed the desire to something completely different. We'd film all new creatives specific to that desire and we were able to help scale them to seven figures a month.

Another one, we were stuck at a particular market awareness where we, you know, we're at problem aware and we spent like six months at problem aware, tested probably 100 ads around problem aware and couldn't break that, you know, like a better performance. So all we did was move up to unaware and what we did was it allowed us to drop CPL significantly. It allowed us to spend up to $15,000 a day in ad spend on Facebook right there.

So yeah, plenty of cases like that. There's been cases where just a bomb of funnel ads and amazing top of funnel ads bringing in a lot of traffic, but they didn't have any top on the funnel ads. That's going to be your product aware and aware market awareness right there.

Or, you know, maybe the frequency on the last seven days on our highest winning needs to be spending ad. I'm not sure why I put winning. Our frequency over the last seven days on our highest spending ad may be too high.

I typically see that if I go look in the account, look at the last seven days, look at the ad that's getting the most spend on the last seven days. Once that crosses that 1.4, 1.5, that's where I start to see performance start to drop. So we need new creatives that have a low frequency and to be able to do that, we're just simply building out new messaging, whether it's going up market awareness or just making better creatives that are more entertaining and more like high quality and stuff like that to basically just resonate and reach more people.

And that's all we're doing right there. Now, that's on the creative strategy, but we also like to look at this from an overview, like whole business perspective. So for example, like that's just creatives right there, but we also like to look at other things.

For example, let's say you're getting a lot of clicks but a really low conversion rate on those ads. Then what we'll do is we'll test some new landing pages. Maybe we're ads are dialed in.

We have really good cost per click on the ads. We have a really good conversion rate, but we're still just like I'd almost break even. Then what I'd be looking at here is improving the AOV.

We had a student call this week with a student who had like literally like 90 cent cost per clicks, three to 5%. I think it was like three and a half to 4% conversion rate on the website. All of it really good.

Then when I look at their AOV, it's like, oh, $30. It's like, well, no shit. Like your AOV sucks.

We need to improve that AOV to where we can allow more room for us to spend. And then all we'll do is just identify that bottleneck. We'll go and kind of create the idea of what we want to test there.

We'll test, review data, and just kind of go through everything again. So like I said, AOV low, maybe you have lots of clicks, but a low conversion rate. Maybe everything is solid.

Like you've done everything on all this part. Then it's like, maybe you're LTV. You have no returning customers.

Then let's improve that to start improving your retention and stuff. And that's where you're gonna make all your profits at. Now, just to keep in mind here, the rate of which you overcome these bottlenecks is gonna allow you to faster scale.

So a lot of people what I'll find is they'll go, they'll start scaling spin, they'll hit a plateau, and then they'll just crumble and give up. It's like, well, no shit. You're not cut out for this.

But then there's other people that'll scale spin and take months to break this plateau. But then when they do, they can start scaling up again. The rate of which you can break and overcome that bottleneck is the speed of which you can scale.

So some people can overcome it in days. Some people it takes months. Some people it takes years.

Moral of the story, the only common thing I've seen between everyone is that experience they've had to understand how quickly to identify that and improve that and, you know, what actions to take to fix that. And it's purely just been more of an experience thing I see the most. That's why I like, you know, being in programs like my Inner Circle, for example, where you can actually come to me with these problems and I can actually give you my advice right then and there versus you trying to like figure it out for yourself for months.

It just significantly cuts down the amount of time it takes for you to scale and hit those revenue numbers you want. If you want to learn more about the Inner Circle program, click the link below to Nick's Inner Circle where we help with one-on-one calls together, group calls, respond to all your messages and you also get a course as well included with that. But it's where I can give you one-on-one feedback of exactly what you need to do in your account to improve and scale.

This is exactly how we were able to scale to $20,000 today with Facebook ads. If you have any questions, drop them below in the comments. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit the like button.

Hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And with that being said, my name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later.

Peace. Peace.