Today, I want to show you guys how I spent $1 million on one Facebook ad campaign. And here's just proof really quick. This is over January 1st through September 11th, 2023.

It's actually $945,000 during this period of time right here, but it's a little over a million if I do maximum time range. But again, still, let's at least show you guys, hey, January 1st, 2023 to September 11th, 2023. And just to show you guys the campaign really quick, it's at like $7,400 a day right now.

Yeah, one campaign, we've launched over 31 ad sets inside of this campaign to find new winning ads. And we've tested over 300 ads. Yeah, that's a lot.

But it's how we able to, you know, spin at this much right here. Now, going into more nitty gritty on how you can spin this much as well. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriot. I run a Facebook ads agency, and I also coach and mentor students. Both those links can be found in the comments below.

So let's roll into this. So first thing, what does it come down to? It comes down to your product, comes down to your media buying strategy, and it comes down to building better ads.

And we'll go deeper into each one of those specifically, starting off with the product. Your product, it needs to be superior. It needs to be something people actually want.

I see so many of you guys trying to sell products that just simply like that's not it. You know, no one wants to buy an iPhone 4.0 when everyone wants a 15. You know, the 15 was launched either yesterday, I believe, and no one wants a 15 when everyone wants a 4.0.

So just keep that in mind right there. And if you have a really bad product, you can have the best ads in your world, but it's very hard to sell it. Next thing is the unboxing experience, shipping time, and product quality.

Imagine going to like a really, really, really nice restaurant. You've been wanting to try it. You go and you have a bad experience.

It's your first time ever. You have a bad experience. You're going to be super, super hesitant to go back there again.

Even though they're amazing 99% of the time, it just so happened that that particular day was really bad. And it just so happened to be the day you went. So that's where you need that amazing first experience.

Because if you don't have an amazing first experience, what's going to happen is it ruins all your potential chances of, you know, just like people coming back again. So unboxing experience, shipping time, product quality. If they order something and it takes a month to come in, guess what?

I'd be very fucking pissed. I'm even hesitant to up, like buy things from Amazon that takes five days to come in. I'm always looking at things that take three to four days to come in.

Unboxing experience. Like if they get it and it's in a packaging that's in a different language they can't even read at all, what the hell? I purchased some Gucci, a Gucci wallet not too long ago.

Again, just something, personal goals I want to check off. But, and the unboxing experience is phenomenal. The shipping experience first off was amazing, but the unboxing experience was also phenomenal as well.

I mean, it was like unwrapping a gift for Christmas. That's what the unboxing experience was like. And product quality.

If your product falls apart a day after its use, that's going to ruin the taste with that brand. We want a product that lasts for a long time and withstands the wear and tear, regardless if you're selling clothing, if you're selling whatever, like whatever you're selling, product quality needs to be there. Now, next thing is the media buying strategy.

As you can see, guys, we're doing one campaign per country. This is just our Dutch country right here, our Dutch language, but it's like, I think, Belgian and Netherlands. We recommend one campaign per country.

That's what we recommend. Why? Different countries have different shipping costs.

So you'll have a different CPA cost per purchase that you need per country to be profitable. So that's number one. Number two is that different countries will have different languages you might need to target.

So you might need to create ads in Dutch. You might need to create ads in English. That's another thing.

And then lastly, sometimes countries need a specific creative type. So if you're targeting a country and you're showcasing like, you know, just visuals, they would never see in their country that becomes a problem right there. So the visuals can sometimes seem to be reflected.

The language needs to be reflected. The shipping costs need to be reflected. That's why we do one campaign per country is treat things differently.

So that's the media buying strategy. Test new ads inside of a dynamic ad sets. That's just where we're launching new ad sets.

We're turning dynamic creative on and we're testing new creatives inside of there. And then lastly, is that you want to slow as smooth or slow as fast, fast as slow. This is where, what I mean by this is that we scale by 20% up or 12, 20% down every day, depending on the last three days results.

Last three days results are, are not working. Well, then guess what? We scale down.

If they're doing good, we scale up every day based off the last three day average. That's our media buying strategy. And we do not stray away from this plan.

We do not try to scale faster. We do not try to force spin on ads. We do not try new strategies.

You can see right here, we've been running this campaign since January 1st, 2023. It actually has been running since like some, sometime in 2022, mid 2022. So we've been running it for a long ass time.

And guess what? That's how we have consistent profitable results over a long period of time. Now, next thing is building better ads.

Every ad you create you have the intentions of growing the brand a hundred percent or more. A lot of you guys in the comments, Hey Nick, should I create a retargeting ad? And then I'm like, why would you spend time on an ad that's going to increase revenue by 10% versus spending time on an ad that's going to increase the brand by a hundred percent or more?

I've had ads that allow us to go from 1k a day in spend to 10k a day in spend. I've had another ad that took us from $1,000 a day in revenue to $5,000 a day in revenue. I've had another ad specifically for this brand right here.

And that particular ad carried the brand from like 300, 400 K a month to like six, $700,000 a month. Every ad you should create, it should be intentions of growing the brand a hundred percent or more. And you should do this by developing hypothesis on what ads to create that will work best based off market research.

You should be spending 80% of your time on market research and 20% of the time creating it and adding it to the ad accounts. We do lots and lots of market research constantly. Every day we're doing market research.

And then what you want to do is you want to build ads that fit your market's awareness level, sophistication level, desire, and identity. And then what we want to do is we want to find new ways to appeal to these specific key things with the same message that's not boring or repetitive. That's the key thing.

That's where angles come in play. And again, just showing you really quick. That's how we spent $1 million in this campaign over, you know, probably like nine months, nine, nine months, 11 days.

And yeah, guys, um, last thing is just be patient. We're playing the loan game here, not the shark game. Accounts like these take time to grow, but it's worth in the end.

We've been working with those accounts since 2021 of November. And, uh, as we go into October, 2023, um, Oh no, November or October, 2021 to October, 2023, we're about to make two years with this particular brand. Uh, we've helped them make a lot of money.

And, um, you know, that, that's, what's important for us. And we didn't go, you know, we're doing like $1.5 million a month right now. Uh, we started with them.

They were doing like 300 K a month. So they five X over two years. That's fucking phenomenal, but it's been slow, consistent growth again, slow, consistent growth, not fast one month, dip the next month, fast, another month, dip another month, or dip a couple months fast again.

It's slow, consistent. That's what we're looking for. And we're measuring things over long periods of time, not day to day.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.