How do you calculate your target CPA for your Shopify store with Facebook ads? You don't know what I'm talking about? How much can you spend to acquire one customer and either be profitable on day one or profitable on day 90?

How do you implement LTV and how do you determine if you want to be profitable on customer or purchase number one or profitable on day number 90? So a lot of these different metrics right here you have to understand as you scale as an e-com store because there's a lot of different ways to build your business. There's some businesses we work with that spend a couple hundred thousand dollars a month on Facebook ads and are not profitable on day one, but yet they're so profitable on the 90-day LTV that it makes sense for them.

There's some businesses we work with, they have to be unprofitable on day one just because their business is not built on LTV yet. So this video will be giving you guys a free tool to be able to calculate your target CPA and run a few different models for your business to see which makes the most sense for you. Now, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I've spent over or I've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads or Shopify stores.

I run a Facebook ads agency and I also coach and mentor students. You can find the links to both of those below to have either Nick Terrio run your ads or have Nick Terrio mentor you and coach you. Now, before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And let's dive into the video. So here is the target CPA calculator. Now to basically get access to this sheet, just simply click the link below and in the description box, I'll have a link to it.

Now, all you have to do is go to file, make a copy. Okay. If you try to request access to it, I'm not going to approve access to it.

So you have to go to file, make a copy, and then you can save it to your Google drive. I tell that to you guys and I still get people try to request access and I just keep hitting decline and block in my email. So don't request access.

Now, once you have access to this sheet, on top of this video, I also give you a loom video of how to actually fill out this sheet if you need further information. Okay. So let's go into it.

So the first thing you need to know is your AOV. So look inside, maybe your trip well. Here's just my trip well right now.

I'm looking at the last 90 days and I can type in my AOV. So for this particular store, it's $77. I'm going to leave these metrics right here for right now.

This is one of our other stores that we're doing about a million dollars a month. So I know crazy, right? But yeah.

So just leaving that there for right now. Okay. So cost of goods.

How much are you spending per AOV? Okay. Now, just a little heads up.

If you know that it's 20% of your AOV, just do 91 times 20%. And that's your cost of goods. Okay.

How much, you know, if someone spends $91, your AOV, which is your last 90 days, what percentage of that is cost of goods and which percentage of that is shipping and handling. Okay. So get your landed cost per AOV.

Now, again, this is the light blue is the editable cells where you can kind of mess around with those numbers. Now, this means that our gross profit margin per AOV is $60. Okay.

Our gross margin is 67%. Okay. Now, our break-even CPA is also $60.97.

So we can spend up to $60.97 to break even. Okay. Is that good or bad?

I don't know. It depends. Okay.

Calculated gross break-even ROAS, 1.49. So we know if we do a 1.49 ROAS, we break even. Okay.

Now, the next part is implementing your three-month LTV. Okay. So that's $118.

Again, just go look at Triple Well. It's the last 90 days. You can see LTV right here, which is $75.

Okay. Which that doesn't seem correct right there. It's usually higher, but it could just be due to no one's repeat purchasing.

And some people are actually pulling out refunds. So we're actually losing money in that sense for that particular store. Okay.

This is, again, this is my other store that, again, like I said, we're doing a million dollars a month right now in revenue. So I'm just leaving that one. Now, three-month NC ROAS.

Okay. So if we're going to Triple Well, you have ROAS right here, which is 2.04. Then I have NC ROAS, which is 1.91.

Okay. NC ROAS is your new customer revenue. Okay.

This is not overall revenue. Okay. So overall revenue is ROAS, which is overall revenue divided by ads.

Okay. We want to do new customer revenue. Okay.

Which is your total sales that are new customers divided by ads. Okay. Now, this store, we have no LTV built in place.

Okay. Terrible example of a store, but showing you an example. Okay.

This particular store, really good because their three-month LTV is $118, their AOV being $91. So we see a big increase from AOV to LTV. Okay.

Now, our NC ROAS for this particular store is about 2.75. And we're averaging $164,000 a month on ad spend. Okay.

So the first thing I'm going to give you guys is your current NC ROAS. And this is all going to be auto populated. Okay.

Which is just what you're currently doing right now. So based off these current numbers, we're going to do $138,000 a month in profit. Okay.

And then three-month LTV comes out to $229,000 in profit. Now, you don't make $138,000 and then make another $229,000. Now, this $4,974 customers you acquired made $138,000 in profit month one.

Now, these $4,974 customers are going to increase in value from $138,000 to $229,000. So we make almost $100,000 more in profit. Okay.

Over a 90-day LTV. Okay. Now, so that's scenario number one, which is just your current scenario.

Now, scenario number six, I also have your break-even scenario. So let's just say, for example, if we spend $164,605, we're going to break even at $0 on month one. But over 90 days due to our LTV, we're going to profit $50,000.

Okay. So that just shows you how LTV plays in play. There's some brands we work with where they'll spend $500,000 in a month, break even, and then over 90 days make $149,000 in profit.

Okay. Comes out to $50,000 a month in profit. When you keep stacking that up, then you get to a point where you have six or seven months, each paying you $50,000 a month, and you're doing $300,000 a month in profit, and you're scaled up to a shitload of high in spend.

Okay. So just a couple things to look at. Okay.

So now let's start modeling here. Okay. So again, I get a lot of people ask me, Hey, Nick, I want to do a 2X for us at Facebook, or I'm currently doing a 2X for us at Facebook.

Is that good? And it depends. Okay.

Because I'm gonna show you right quick. All right. 2X for us at 15K in spend is not that great.

Okay. But a 2X for us at $150,000 in spend. That's amazing.

Okay. This is why ROAS does not matter. Okay.

Oh, wait, actually I have that wrong. 2.0. Okay.

So $51,000 in profit. Okay. So we do a 2X at 15K in spend.

That comes out to $5,000 in profit. And, you know, it increases by $6,000 to $11,000 for that goal. Then we go to 150K.

Then all of a sudden, Hey, we're doing 150K a month in spend at $51,000 a month in profit with a three month LTV of $111,000. These 3200 customers increase in value by $60,000. Okay.

So that's why it depends. Okay. And it also depends on your unique scenario.

Okay. If you're, you know, let's just say, for example, your cost of goods was a lot higher. I don't know.

We're going to say like, this was like $50. All of a sudden your breakeven rest is 2.63. Okay.

So now because your breakeven rest is 2.63, you need to a different number. Okay. So for example, we spend 500K at a 2.63 ROAS.

You're going to breakeven month one, but then you'll do $149,000 over three months in terms of profit. Okay. But then all of a sudden your current metrics right here, look how much it decreased in profit.

Okay. Boom, boom. Okay.

Then look at scenario two and three. Now all of a sudden this becomes unprofitable, but if you never ran the math, you would never know. So that's why this is super important here.

Okay. So I'm just going to control Z that to bring that back. Now what's cool about understanding this is that it gives you place to where you can kind of run scenarios.

Okay. Now let me go over a few other things. Okay.

So let's just say, for example, you know, with this particular stuff, you can model different things here. You can model the LTV and then you can also model your like particular ROAS targets, which is also going to give you your CPA. Cause you can see right here, these are the CPAs you need to hit.

Okay. So let's say, for example, if we want to go with scenario three, two X ROAS at 150 K spin, all we need to do is hit a $45 CPA for NCCPA. So that's NCCPA, which is right here, $38.

So I would just need to make sure I hit a $45 CPA at whatever spin, you know, 150 K and spin to be able to hit this particular goal here. Okay. So a couple of things we need to look at it.

So there's a couple of different ways to increase this profit. Cause that's the main goal is to increase profit. Okay.

So let's say, for example, here we have $138,000 of profit, 2.75 X ROAS. One way we can improve this is by cutting down cost of goods. Okay.

So right now we have $23. Let's just say somehow we can magically get this down to $10. Okay.

Watch how much this improves. Those were $138,000 of profit to $206,000 in profit by just simply improving your cost of goods. Okay.

You know, now a 50% reduction cost of goods is probably not that likely, but I do know some people where they are at like a, you know, super high cost of goods and only have a 30% margin. Okay. Then for them, they're doing everything that correctly on Facebook, but yet they're still trying to squeeze more on Facebook when it's just not realistic.

So for them, the, what makes the most sense is cutting down cost of goods. And then you look at their business. Oh, they're print on demand.

They're using a third party to do all the printing. And then the third party's charging them 50% per shirt. It was like, oh, well, fuck, that's the problem there.

So you need to go figure out how to bring the winning designs in house and cut down your cost of goods. And then all of a sudden now you have a 70% margin versus a 38% margin. Okay.

Now you just made your profit margin back without even touching Facebook. So sometimes it's not necessarily a Facebook thing. So that's why you want to mess with all these different numbers.

Okay. Now, obviously you can improve AOV. That's great.

But too many people focus on AOV. I think it's great that you improve AOV, but I think there's also not enough focus on LTV. Okay.

Specifically the 90 day LTV. So let's say someone purchases from you. You want to continue to get them to purchase again, release new products and improve the business.

Okay. So right now we have a three month LTV, $118, which 91 times 0.25 is $22. 91 plus 22, $113.

So this is good. I like to see a three month LTV, 25% higher than AOV. Okay.

Just something good. Just as a baseline. Okay.

So if your AOV, if your LTV isn't at least 25% higher than your AOV, then you need to work on your business. Okay. Now, again, every business is built different, but you need to find a way to improve that.

So let's just say, for example, if we had a $91 LTV. Okay. Let's just say like we're running the business with no LTV.

Okay. It's just like people purchase from us from one time and that's it. Well, we only do $141,000 in profit right now.

Okay. And then look three month LTV, $141,000. There's no increase in value here.

So we make nothing extra, but because our LTV is $118, we make a whole, almost $90,000 more in profit. Okay. So also I encourage you guys to play around the LTV.

Now, granted these cells aren't edible, but you can edit them because all they do is just equal whatever this cell is. So let's just say, for example, boom. So paste that in there.

Actually, no, I don't want that. 2.75, $164,000 in spend. Okay.

Cool. Now let's just say, for example, I'm just going to type over. Let's just say we do that to $130 LTV.

I'm going to bring these two over. $150 LTV. Okay.

You can see right there, just by improving the LTV, we literally add $40,000 more a month in profit, almost over $100,000 more in profit by simply improving the LTV with no changes to ROAS or spend. Okay. That's why it's important to look at these types of things.

Now, if you change your LTV, you just want to make this cell go back to normal. Just press the equal sign and click on three month LTV right here. Equal sign.

And then three month LTV right here. Okay. Cool.

So yeah. So this is pretty much the sheet that I recommend you guys play around with and model different parts of your business. Okay.

A couple of questions I would ask myself is, okay. Number one, how much profit do I want to make on a monthly basis? Okay.

How much profit do I need on a monthly basis? So like, let's say for example, my business has $25,000 a month in expenses. Okay.

So I have to make at least 25K in profit to break even. Okay. So let's just say, what would that look like here?

Um, I don't know. Let's just do like $80,000 in spin. Okay.

So two X at, at, at $80,000 in spin that'll make us about 25 or 28K in profit. Okay. Now if I'm like, Hey, I need to make more than that.

Okay. Well, there's a couple of different things we could do here. So obviously this is profit on a monthly basis.

Again, this is only on NC row as to, this is not even including overall. So you will make more than just this profit, but just to start off, model it on new customers. Okay.

Um, up till, till you get to the point where like, Hey, I know I'm making about $30,000 more over the next 90 days. So because of that, once they'll start stacking, like once you go to month three, you have three, you have two months prior, which this is C 30 K increase over 60 days. Cause you're, you're looking at the next two months.

That's about 15 K extra month in profit. You're making on month three. You're going to have two months of 15 K profit coming in month one and month two.

That's basically going to increase your, your monthly profit by 30 K. On top of this. So I will be making my 20 over my 25 K.

I'm actually making them up 58,000 when you're including both new customer and returning customer revenue. Okay. But just for sake of simplicity right now, I'm just going to do, okay.

Hey, we're doing 28 K in profit off of this. I'm doing 25. I need 25, but that's just to cover my expenses.

I also want to make some money as well myself. So then I'm just going to come there and type in, let's say if we double spend, we can spend $160,000 a month on a two X ROAS. That's going to be the 25 K I need to cover my business expenses, but it's also going to give me about 20, 25 K as well.

I can blow myself to just pay myself. Okay. Very simple.

Now, also again, look how much more your 90 day LTV increase. So give it a month or two, and you're actually going to be making way more profit, which you could actually invest back into the business or more customer acquisition, which then, you know, Hey, like that allow you to spend a significant more. So I don't know, let's just say you drop down to a 1.75, 1.75.

And then all of a sudden you're spending $300,000 a month. Boom. You know, now all of a sudden you're still doing 55 K a month in profit, but now your three month LTV is about 162,000.

So you make another $100,000 over two months. And then you start adding in 50 K a month in extra profit on top of your new customers. So point now where that multiplies by 12 months, all of a sudden you're doing, you know, a hundred, 200, $300,000 a month in profit just from returning customers.

Okay. Cause you've been acquiring new customers consistently. Okay.

So that's why it's so important to get this in. And that's why a lot of brands just don't understand this. No one's really taught this, but it's super, super vital because it allows for a new customer acquisition.

And your goal is to continue to keep acquiring new customers to continue to keep and monetizing those customers. Again, if you're building a business as a one product business, you will fail. These businesses stay around for about 90 days and they end the game.

So you need to focus on continuing to build a business with a customer journey. That's going to have, you know, basically, Hey, you know, look at Apple, just, just look at Apple and look how they did. Okay.

You can buy an iPhone. Then you can buy an iPhone four or five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12. They upsell you every single year on a new iPhone.

Okay. You can also buy a Mac book. You can also buy an iPad.

They horizontally scale products or vertically scale products and horizontally scale product lines. They have a lot of product lines with multiple products of the same product in each product line. And they keep releasing new products of that same exact product.

Cause they know people will buy it, but just new and improved versions. Okay. So this is the type of stuff that you want to look at in your business and be modeling for, cause it's going to allow you to build that business that you want.

And this is the type of things that we do right when we come into a new account. Cause there's sometimes when we come into a new ad account and there's nothing necessarily they need to do differently with Facebook ads. They just need a business restructure of how they're looking at all their metrics.

And then once they figure that out, they're like, Oh shit. Okay. This makes sense.

They flip everything around and then boom, all of a sudden they're like super profitable and they didn't even touch anything inside of Facebook ads. So really hope you guys, um, you know, took some value from this video, go apply it to yourself. I'm definitely a game changer for those, you know, Shopify, Facebook ads and all that good stuff right there.

And, uh, yeah. So thank you all so much for watching. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Theriault. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.