How long should you leave a Facebook ad on? Great question that I've seen so many times inside of the comments on YouTube. So we're going to go ahead and address this.

And we'll start off first off with Facebook ads you just recently tested. So first off, I recommend you do watching how to test Facebook ads in 2025. Recent video I posted where I go very in depth of the actual testing process, how I structure the account, and when I turn ads off that I'm testing.

Because this is just good things to kind of understand first. So you'll fully understand the context of this next thing. So if we, you know, for example, every seven days I launch new ads to test, they have seven days to earn spin.

If they don't earn spin, then I turn them off because they're not good Facebook ads. You know, the creatives is what drives the results. If the creatives don't get spin, then for me, that means the creatives were not good.

And from there, we're going to keep spending on the creatives that's been working well. Now, if during that period of time right there, if we do find a Facebook ad creative that takes off and starts crushing it, or takes off and starts doing horrible, if it takes off and starts doing horrible within my first like day or two, then I'm going to turn it off. If it hurts overall performance.

But if it takes off and does phenomenal and improves overall performance, guess what? We're going to leave it on. Now, from there, the next question is, well, how long do I leave that particular Facebook ad on that either we're testing or, you know, was a winner at one point?

The answer there is, I mean, pretty much as long as we can. So, for example, we have some accounts that we've been working with now for three, four years, and we still have ads on two, three years ago that we found us winning ads. We have some accounts that we find a winning ad, and then within a month or two, we have to turn it off.

Now, the big difference here is that for some of these bigger, higher level accounts, we found these ads at high levels of spend, 10, 20, 30K a day in ad spend. Whereas ads that we find at $100 a day in ad spend doesn't always necessarily mean they're going to be winners at $1,000 a day in ad spend. So some accounts, as we start scaling up, we're going to find new winning ads that push down the old ads to where they barely spend, or they just, they were ads that were the best ads at the given moment.

And then now we just found better ads with much lower CPA. And then now all of a sudden, those ads right there, just, they no longer need it because we have better ads with better CPA. And these older ads have a higher CPA with lower spend.

They're hurting the business. I'm going to turn those off. So in the essence of we found a winning ad, how long do I leave it on?

Pretty much until you beat that ad, not by CPA, but spend and CPA. Because if an ad's getting a little spin and a great CPA, that does not mean it's also going to be good when it gets more spend. So for us, what we want to look at is we want to look at ads with better spend.

So let's say, for example, you have an ad right now that's spending $1,000 a day at a $50 CPA. Then all of a sudden you find a new winning ad that spends more than that ad with a $30 CPA. It's getting more spend for a lower CPA.

So then we can turn off the old ad, if that makes sense right there. So in terms of how long we leave it on for a existing winning ad, until we beat it with an ad with higher level spin and a better CPA that improves the overall business. And when I say improves overall business, the overall CPA for the business goes down so we can start spending more.

Or we just simply leave the ad on for a week because we were testing it for a week and we gave it a week chance. And guess what? After that week, it just didn't work.

So now we're going to turn it off. So that's how long to leave a Facebook ad on. And hopefully that answers your question right there.

Again, it's not like a super long, super detailed video because, you know, it's a very simple question, but I've just gotten this question so many, so many times on the channel. I thought I'd make a video for you guys on how long should you leave a Facebook ad on? I know some other people also like to ask, well, Nick, would you go and turn some of these old Facebook ads back on that you turned off?

Answer is no. I don't really do it. And mostly because every time we've done that, it helps performance for maybe a day.

And then everything just gets worse again. So it's like, I'm not going to sit there and do something that just helps out for a day. And that's it.

I'm only looking at things that help out for weeks and months and years inside of the business. I'm not looking at days, anything like that. That's just too short term of a thing for me.

And if we found new winning ads that beat out the old winners, then why would we turn those old winners back on? And unless it's like, hey, I want to turn on the Black Friday creatives I ran last year. Then in that slim possibility, then sure, that's when we could go back and turn an old winning creative back on.

So hopefully this answers your questions. And hopefully you all enjoyed this video. Hit the like button.

If you enjoyed today's video, and if you want new videos every week, hit that subscribe button for new uploads every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.