Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I want to talk to you guys about how we went from $100 per day to $5,000 per day and spend in less than seven days. So it's been a pretty cool video just kind of show you guys some different like perspective on things. I'm really excited to share with you guys.

So before we get started, make sure you like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Guys, let's jump into the video. So $100 per day to $5,000 per day and spend in less than seven days.

So I started this the other day. I saw like a comment below of like how to scale and basically told someone like, Hey, there's two different ways. There's the 20% every day.

And then there's the highly profitable working double budget every day. And I want to show you guys just exactly how we did that. So first off, this is also by complete accident.

And I'm explaining why, uh, we, we were literally like very red in a particular account. We've been running this account for a long time. The products have just died out.

Like it's a trendy product and the products have died out. So we, uh, we threw up a new product on the site essentially. And the way this works is that it's, it's a very interesting store because it's, it's drop shipping.

Yes, but we have high levels. Basically like we, we know the manufacturer very well. We're actually very closely like together and the manufacturer literally is like five minutes away from me and real life.

And basically this manufacturer acquires sellers, people to use his manufacturing or his, her manufacturer to fulfill his or their stores. Not such right there. Okay.

And this person also lives right here with me and everything like that. And so it's like, it's, yes, it's drop shipping basically the way it is, but it's because we're so closely together. It's like, it doesn't even feel like it, but anyway, we launched a new product and they're manufacturing.

And what's cool about this is that they charge this client mind a flat fee for everything. Okay. So, but anyway, long story short, um, it was by accident because we didn't really expect this product to take off at all.

But anyway, we launched a new product and golf balls, as you can see right there. Uh, these are personalized golf balls and that's centered there. Okay.

So we launched these personalized golf balls on the 26th of may, uh, with a hundred dollars in spend. It's also using triple L just to show you right here, triple L, um, reporting, you know, 2.17 to Ross, Facebook 0.23. And this was double check because it was the only campaign made golf balls in it.

And, uh, we were seeing like 10 and 15 hours that day. So it's doing good. Now as a 26, this was overall from the 26 through the eighth, which is today filming this video, I see right there, we spent $35,000 and we made back $67,000 for 1.91 row.

As I can tell you the overall is actually a little bit better because this is just the Facebook reporting. It's not reporting overall, um, on Shopify and everything like that. And this was our biggest day, uh, which was June 1st, where we spent $5,000, a 2.53 row as Facebook 0.74 Ross triple L 2.53, uh, $12,000, $769 in revenue.

Uh, our break even Ross is like 1.6 for this product. So it's definitely was, you know, some pretty, definitely good profit margins on here. Um, but you can see right here between the 26 through the eighth, this is $13,000 in profits, 2.06 for us overall 80,000 in sales.

And again, so this is a drop shipping store. So there's no overhead. Um, this is net profit after everything shipping, uh, the client, you know, getting his cut or like the manufacturer getting his cut, everything like that.

And this is like what the client took home, um, during this period of time right here, not really the best. Um, but when you're selling a product that has literally like the AOV on here is like $26, it's very hard. I mean, you can see the CPAs right here, $10, $13.

I mean, you're literally dollars away from a 2.5 extra Ross to a 1.91 Ross. So definitely interesting. Um, yeah, drop shipping.

So no overhead. And I kind of want to just dig deeper into how we did it. So first off right here is if your campaign is profitable, you can increase your budget by 20% every day.

So like, if it's just profitable, you're doing good. You know, you're hitting either at your numbers or just above your numbers. Okay.

Now, if your campaign is highly profitable, you can double budget every day. Okay. And here's what, here's what I mean by that.

So like, let's say for example, or like basically here's the example here. Okay. So our goal was 2X or better for us.

Our day one of a hundred dollars spin, it was actually day two. We did a five extra Ross on trip. Well, and so day two, like today, they want day zero.

I'm basically showing the video. This is day one, which is like the next day we did five extra Ross. Our goals are two extra better.

Okay. So we did two and a half X better. So guess what?

I was like, we have a lot of room to scale here. So I double budget 200 bucks a day. Well, Nick, does that throw it off into learning?

Yes. Yes. It fucking does.

So what? I don't care. I don't care if it throws into learning.

I do not care. I'm trying to make money here. I'm trying to scalp a client and give them results.

Okay. If you literally can go from a hundred to a hundred dollars to 120 bucks, and you're freaking out about it going to learning like that's such a little, little, like just my new thing compared to the overall grand picture we're trying to hit here. Okay.

A secondly, two is I'm using broad audiences here. This is a hundred percent broad. Well, I like to start calling now unrestricted targeting because I basically created this ad.

I let Facebook go find the people that convert and guess what? It's fucking working. It's working in that sense right there.

Okay. Now where, what happened next? So I double budget, boom, 4.2 X row ass the next day, day number two.

I'm like, all right, cool. We're very profitable right now. Let's push the $400 today.

Guess what? If we go day number three, $400 spend 3.65 for row ass. Okay.

Day number four, 800 spend 3.5 X row ass really juicy day. Number five, $1,600 spent 3.5 X row ass. Okay.

So we consistently kept doubling, spend double, double, double. And the reason why is because we had a strong, solid confidence in it because we have prior results that show that we can scale like that. Don't, you know, if you have a hundred dollar product and you spend a hundred bucks and you make one cell, don't go double budget the next day.

You know, we're also getting quite, you know, we're getting a hundred bucks a day or at $10 CPA. We're getting almost 10 cells on that. Um, we're getting five or $6 CPA at first.

So we're getting a lot of cells to where we have a lot of conviction and upgrading that budget. And that's also another thing too. It's strong conviction because we had a lot of sales on a hundred dollar a day budget for what's a $200 a day budget.

Okay. So that's another thing too. Don't spend like five bucks on an ad.

And then you, which I would never spend $5 a day. You know, at least you spend 10, 20 bucks a day. So don't go spend 20 bucks, get one cell.

I'm like, okay, it's a winner. Let's go throw 500 bucks at it. Okay.

Get a few cells on it. Low budget before you start scaling. We spent a hundred bucks, got a few cells on it.

It's all a really good rise. We doubled it. Okay.

So again, how did we double budget so fast is because we had a low goal of two extra better. That's it. So all we need to do is two extra better for the clients to be profitable.

And we double budget. Now, where could have we pulled back? So obviously you can see right here, we saw, um, you know, let's say, let's go to our peak, which was June 1st.

So 2.53 ROAS. And after that, honestly, it's where we start to see a little bit of a dip. Okay.

Um, you can even see it on this little ROAS chart right here. You can start to see it's probably like the first spot right here. And then we start to see a little dip in performance.

We went from a 2.5, the 3X overall ROAS, and we started dipping down. And that is where we could have pulled back budget a little bit quicker. Um, it's also where I like to say that analogy where it's like, you know, bears get money, uh, or how does it say?

It's like bears make money, pigs make money, um, bears make money, bulls make money, pigs get slaughtered. And this is where that analogy was completely correct, where we were very, very profitable beginning double budget. As soon as we saw certain salt to see some of those signs, I need to pull back.

Um, we didn't do it fast enough and, um, yeah. And why this works so well and shows to start period of time. Another thing is it's a father's day product.

Okay. It's a father's day product. Father stays around the corner.

It's on the 18th. So people are starting to not purchase now because they have fear and trust issues of this product not getting in time. So that's also another thing.

It's another sort of pull back. We have to scale down. We're able to scale up quickly because that's a very strong urgency, very good offer on the market, very good desire for the product, the product sold itself.

And we tested five other father's day products to us alongside of this. This is the product that did amazing. Okay.

And basically what happened was we hit that point. Uh, okay. It's too soon to order this now.

We don't know if it's going to get in time for father's day. Let's start pulling them back as in like the customers, not us. And that's why we're starting to see a decline in performance.

Now we're pulling back as well. Um, another variable too of out of our control is the creative side. Um, because this product was literally done in a day, shot up really quick and thrown up on the site.

There's no, there wasn't any time to actually go out there and get a lot of creative content. So we pretty much just had to be scavenges and just like, uh, you know, utilize whatever we could on file. And we really didn't have much on file in that perspective right there.

So that's why I like, it's just using whatever we can trying to make some profits really quick and then pull out just in time. And that's what we're doing right now, pulling out. We're lower budget 20% a day.

We got up to $5,000 per day. We did that for like two days. And then we're pulling back by 20% every day.

This is the day, June 8th. We're at like $2,900 I want to say for today. Um, and we're still hovering around that two X ROAS right there.

So, um, yeah, guys really hope y'all enjoyed this and just showing you guys when can you scale aggressively. Now, if this was an evergreen product, you know, like our Legion client that we scale up to $15,000 per day, we've been maintaining that for two months now is because we were able to go from a hundred dollars today to 15,000 very, very, very rapidly because it's a really great offer. So when you have a really strong product, people want very high desire for it.

And you know, you have a really good creative, really good desire for the product. You can scale up aggressively when you, when you get stuck, not being able to scale aggressively is when you don't have a really good product. Like, you know, it's just, eh, and you know, bottom feeders are kind of getting it.

That's when you struggle with trying to scale up hard. Or if you have a really amazing product and very poor creative, then you're also going to struggle because you're not captivating the messaging and the benefits, the features of the product correctly, not really speaking to your desired audience correctly. So they're not even seeing this product because they're not, you know, they're not resonating with that ad in that sense right there.

So hopefully that helps you guys understand a few things. Um, but this is purely from a good offer. Again, not some old 10% off discount, a good offer as in what do I get the consumer in exchange for me giving you $10, $20, $30.

If I give you 30 bucks right now, what do you give me? Okay. Comment below.

If I give you 50 bucks right now or whatever your AOV is comment below, what do you get? We'll do a test right here. Oh, Nick, you can get a nice blended cotton t-shirt.

Why does that make me want to buy? Then the other person that's going to say, Hey Nick, you're not going to only get a nice blended cotton t-shirt. This is the t-shirt that when you walk down the street, girls will literally cross over traffic, jumping over cars to fucking touch you.

Cause you look so damn good. That's, that's it right there. Um, we've actually used that in ad copy before and it worked well.

So, um, it was like literally like, uh, something to like, uh, it showed like a magnet and then like the little peach emoji. It was like, girl, like this is a ass magnet. Basically that's what we said in ad copy.

It worked so good. Um, it was actually one of it beat our control ad. Uh, we're actually able to scale that up pretty well.

So yeah, just something to toss fun stuff out there for you guys. But again, what is the offer? Very strong offer.

And then also to a very good creative and you can get some, you can be able to scale aggressive like this. And then also to, if it's a father's day offer or any type of, um, holiday offer in that sense right there, you do have to worry about that, uh, time to the market as in that you don't have long on the market before people stop purchasing because of shipping deadlines and things like that. So hope that helped you guys understand a few things.

Thank you guys so much for watching today's video. I really appreciate the support on the channel. If you are new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you liked this video, hit the like button and drop a comment below your favorite part of the video. And if you are a business owner doing at least $50,000 per month and revenue, make sure you click link below to book a call with me, my team. Uh, we work with all kinds of businesses between Legion app installs, uh, to e-commerce, which is more of our specialty in the e-com side, click link below book, call me, my team will hop on a call together.

We'll do strategy session together. And basically from there, uh, you can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose to make sure you click the link below to book that call, uh, with my team completely for free, no obligations or anything like that. Now, if you're doing less than $50,000 per month, and you're looking to expand and grow your business, keep watching the channel as these videos are designed to make you more money level up, you level you up as a marketer when it comes out to the Facebook ad side, the marketing side, um, and learning those marketing fundamentals to help you grow your business and everything like that.

Uh, there will be a course soon. It's actually going to go through all of this and break you down to more of a bite-sized piece where it's step-by-step that you can leverage inside of your business. Uh, there'll be two further down the line, uh, but we'll keep you guys updated around that.

Thank you guys again for watching today's video. Again, my name is Nick Terrio. Hope you guys have your rest of your day.

Peace out. Talk to you guys next time.