Yo, yo, yo, what's going on guys Nick terrio here I just finished filming up a video tutorial specifically for you guys I sit there and I spent about 30 40 minutes putting together this video where we jump right into a Facebook campaign I build a campaign for you and even set up a sales funnel with some email market Automation everything right in this video. So I really hope you guys enjoy this video I spent some time in it I do digital marketing stuff for clients and I really want to help you guys and grow this channel Specifically related to digital marketing and I start creating some video content something. I love something I've been in for a while these video tutorials is nothing new for me.

I've been doing it for a while now I have another YouTube channel and gaming YouTube channel where I grew based off video editing and tutorials Regarding how to do special effects and stuff and I really want to get back into if something I'm passionate about and that's digital marketing So to kick off this channel, I get some of these earlier videos and stuff regarding to business tutorials Let's jump right into it. We're gonna build a sales funnel right now. Let's go I'm gonna go straight into this video and I hope everyone's having a great thing.

We're gonna jump straight into it We'll be covering today by the end of this video You're gonna know how to set up a basic two-step funnel It's where you can capture an email a name a number And I have a simple thank you page you will be able to set up the Facebook pixel with the funnel So that way you can track the conversions through Facebook ads and you will be able to Send out automate the emails that goes out to your leads Straight from the funnel Through active campaign. So before we start there is some software you're gonna need You're gonna need active campaign and you're going to need click funnels both of these products They do cost active campaign cost. I think 49.99 a month And click funnels costs 97 dollars a month now Both links are in description to get active campaign and click funnels I think active campaign is a 30 day and click funnels is a 14 day trial and One thing guys, please use the links below as it is It is affiliate links and I really do appreciate the support so I can continue doing these free videos for the channel And I'd really appreciate the help So without further ado guys, let's jump right into this video So we're gonna go straight into click funnels because if you're building out a funnel The whole purpose or the goal of it is to drive traffic to it to a landing page You capture an email name number and you either send them some of a free guide a quote Or you try to schedule a call with them later on so So we're gonna build out the very simple funnel That goes let's see We're gonna build out a very simple funnel Give me a second I'm gonna show you guys right here This is the exact funnel we're gonna be copying And it's basically me a simple you land on the landing page And then you come there and you basically get something type of opt-in for landing in that's kind of the specifics of it Very simple So you get to the page you get some type of free guide free download and simple so We're gonna go right here and click funnels once you have your account set up and everything We're gonna go jump into it.

I'm not going to show you the exact like hey here's how to do this. Here's how to do this Here's the welcome page. I'm going to go straight into the software So Go to funnels this way.

You can view all your funnels. We're going to go to add new Create new funnel We just want to collect emails funnel name. We're going to do a funnel for My digital marketing services Just because all right, you know what let's just do a funnel for my facebook ads guide V2 Funnel name funnel group tag.

This is just how you group them together So I'm going to group it to my other funnels in my nixterio brand We'll click build funnel Give it a second And then from right there we are officially Inside now we can come there and choose we want to go ahead and choose I'm just going to I like to do a very simple funnel Funnel super clean opt-in select template I like to do a very simple funnel to start off with and then I expand so for this specific video I want to come there and just use a simple clean landing page that We can later on expand the one so right now I literally just want to replicate the quality action that I'm using in my ad copy Or for that template or for that quote or for stiff. So if I say for instance if you offered a really high service You know, you could just put you know into your email below to get a free quote on x and x product We just want to put free download Because again, this is a product download again if you're using Quote just be free quote and then it's free download three facebook ad secrets to get you 60 plus customer opportunities and then next 30 days boom So literally all you want to do is re rephrase exactly I'll rephrase You want to come there and Type out exactly what you are offering exactly what you're going to get You don't have to do anything special. So what I'll do is I start off with a very basic landing page first So something like this and then after I test this one after I prove my theory that they will download this guide Then I'll start asking more advanced stuff or adding more advanced stuff so I can do a video testimonial on this page as well I can add some more copy I can add some more like images and pictures of it of the guide there's all kinds of different stuff we can do And then right here I'm gonna put insert this email below to download this free We See Go Lib Bye fly This is I'm going to describe it free PDF download.

So exactly what they're getting. So this is all you need. You don't need anything super complex, especially for something like this.

Now it feels like, you know, get my $1,000 or, you know, buy my $1,000 product. Enter your email address below. We're going to send you an invoice.

It'd be a little different. So this is just a simple free guide that they are aware of. And then for the button, I'm just going to put click here to download.

Boom. Boom. I like to save it a lot.

Every time you hit save, it will actually for this. So after the SEO meta data, I'm glad we're doing it now. So I'm going to put in Ontario.

Facebook ads guide. And in the description, I am going to just put free download. For my social image, I am just going to select.

Something random. This city. Add image.

Cool. So there we go. We already have our page practically built.

And within, we'll be almost under 10 minutes. Cool. So now another thing.

There's a few other little things I need to do. We're going to go right here. We'll click this little gear icon.

Settings. And I want to go to set action. And I want to make sure it's on submit order.

Submit form. Boom. That's just going to ensure that when they click this button, it's going to actually capture the team address.

And not just go to the next page. And then the last thing we need to do is go to integrations. We're going to go over to active campaign.

Please. I'm not going to go. I'm not going to do a whole video on how to do.

I'm not going to do a whole video on how to do the API key from active campaign to click funnels. There's plenty of videos on YouTube. But you will need to go ahead to active campaign.

You will need to open up a new tab and do how to tie in active campaign and click funnels. It's very simple. It's just these two little keys you copy.

But I'm not going to do a whole thing because I already did it on mine. But trust me, it's fairly easy to do. So you want to go over here to list.

Once you log into active campaign. You want to add new lists. Name your list.

I'm going to call this Facebook Ads Guide Tutorial. Website for HTTPS www.nictario.org. Why did they get on my list?

You downloaded my Facebook Ads Guide Crate Lists. Boom. Super simple.

Crate your list. This is where all the contacts will be stored. And I'll close that right now.

So this is where all of your contacts will be stored at that download this list. So I'm going to go to integration right here. I'm going to select active campaign.

Select action. I want to just add to lists. I'm going to refresh list from API.

And then I am going to go right here, Facebook Ads Guide Tutorial. And there we go. It's connected to my list.

So any email addresses that are collected on here will be also added to that list. Also one more thing I want to do is I want to actually clone this. I want to go to settings.

Input type. I'll put first name. And then this placeholder text right here.

I'm going to put enter your first name here. Save. So that way if you want to do more of like a quote thing.

So if you want to put like right here like hey enter your information below for a quote on our new awesome car that's coming out. Or some high ticket product. You can do that.

You can do first name. And then I'm just going to clone it again. I'm going to go to settings.

And then I'm going to change this input type to phone number. And then I'm going to put the placeholder text to enter your phone number here. So for little digital products like this all you would need is your first name and email.

But if you want to do a quote and actually get some leads like that. So for instance if you're in some type of industry. Maybe insurance, financial services, something like that.

But you can come right here and do first name, phone number, email. Submit so you can actually call and follow up with these people. Now there's one more thing I want to do.

I want to go to the business manager of Facebook. And I want to actually install the pixel on this page before we leave this page. I'd like to just do it now.

Facebook pixel is going to allow us to actually actively track the specific information from the different events. So I want to be able to actually track people. Not necessarily track.

I want to be able to track every time someone views this page. I want Facebook to be able to read that. And not just use the broad code that Facebook gives you.

I want to go to set up. Manually install the code yourself. I'm going to go to continue.

And I want to go right here to view content. And then I want to scroll down this little bit of script right here. And yours should look exactly the same.

Save. Save. So now our homepage is done.

That's literally all we got to do. And now we can start gathering leads. So now what we need to do is we need to have a thank you page set up.

ClickFunnels doesn't automatically do that. So I'm going to go right here to thank you. And I'm just going to do this simple one right here.

Select simply. Edit page. And then I'm just going to go ahead and delete some of this stuff right here.

Now it's actually never going to let me delete it. So I'm just going to delete some of that stuff because I don't need it. And then I'm going to delete this.

Delete this. Delete that. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come right here and just let them know that, hey, your download has been sent to your email.

You could also put right here. Attention, you know, hey, we got your information. We'll give you a call in the next 48 hours, 24 to 48 hours.

You know, whatever type of funnel you're doing, I'm just going to put, you know, your download has been sent to your email. And that's it. That's literally all we get.

It's a thank you page. It doesn't really be complicated. I highly recommend doing, if you're doing this for a personal brand, to do some type of thank you video.

So like I would put my face, record it, and like say, hey, you know, thank you for downloading the guide, et cetera. You know, something simple like that. And for the title, I'm just going to put thank you.

Save. We'll preview it real quick. Boom.

That's it. I'm going to go back to tracking code. I'm going to go back to Facebook pixel.

And I'm going to scroll up. I'm going to find the generate lead because we want to be able to track every time through Facebook, every time we get a lead. I'm going to copy code to clipboard.

Go right here. I'm going to paste it. Save.

Save. Save. Save.

Save. So now I'm going to exit out. So our homepage has been set up.

Our download page has been set up. And it's only been a whole 15 minutes. Cool.

Cool, cool, cool. I'm going to settings right here. Go back to Facebook pixel.

While that loads, we'll go back. And I'm going to copy this large code, which is the large Facebook pixel. Close out that for right now.

And I'm going to paste it in the head tracking code. And then make sure you put save and update settings. So basically what it is is this tracking code right here tracks all the pages.

And then we just need to label and tell Facebook which each page was. So when people get to the thank you page, obviously it's only a lead would get to the thank you page. So when the Facebook pixel fires, it tells Facebook that, hey, a lead was just generated from this ad due to someone clicking on it.

So and then, you know, we can view content by that standard event that we put on the opt-in page because when someone lands on it, they're viewing the page. And then when they're done on the thank you page, they generate a lead. So that's pretty much it.

Here's our little funnel right here. So you can see your name, number. Mine automatically got populated.

Click here to download. Goes over to the next one. Boom.

Cool. So that's set up. That's exactly what we need.

I'm going to copy this URL to the clipboard. Boom. So now that's our URL.

This is the URL you would use for any type of what you call it. Any type of, you know, like your Facebook ads or if you're doing this through Instagram traffic, anything up to you. Now I'm going to go to digital assets right here because I already have my guide uploaded to ClickFunnels.

So you want to, if you're running some type of software style thing. Well, that's not cool. If you're running some type of software style or not really software style.

If you're running some type of thing where you are doing like a download like this, ClickFunnels can also upload assets up to three megabytes. Or you can come there and upload to another website and then just copy your link right here. So I just want to copy my link.

So because we're going to go and create our welcome email now in ActiveCampaign. So we're done with ClickFunnels. So I'm going to actually go ahead and click close that.

And I'm going to go to ActiveCampaign now. And we're going to actually going to set up our welcome email. So our welcome email will be useful.

If you are doing like a free quote, you can send them out some preliminary information. So regarding the product or the service. If you're just doing a free download like this, this also will be accessing their product or their download.

So like you see right there, recent activity, two minutes ago, one subscribe. So we created that list with an ActiveCampaign. We connected ActiveCampaign to ClickFunnels.

And now they are merging the information specifically to that list to that funnel. So ours was Facebook Ads Guide Tutorial. And we're going to go ahead and set up a simple automation.

In fact, actually, we're going to go right here to Automations. And I actually already set it up earlier. But we can go start from scratch.

Continue. Continue. And it'll access for a trigger.

We want subscribe to a list because we're just going to do it by every time someone subscribes to that specific list. And we want those to Facebook Ads Guide Tutorial. Ads Start.

And now we need to give it an action. Every time someone subscribes, we're going to hit create an email. Email name.

Welcome. I like to choose personal email. It's a very basic email.

I'm going to type in your email address. For the email subject, here is your free PDF Facebook Guide. This is where you could also put, here's your quote, or welcome to NickTerry.com.

Welcome to Terry Solutions. That's my digital agency. That's where you view your specific information.

I'm just going to delete some information. I like to kind of clean this template up a little bit. And delete that.

Now, if you are just collecting email addresses, and you're not collecting names, you'll have to delete this merge field up here. But if you're doing all of it, then you can leave it. Or you can create your own.

I'm just going to put, you know, what's going on. Nick here. And then down here is your free guide.

Click to access. And then I'm going to come there and link it. I'm going to go to my notepad.

I'm going to copy that asset. Boom. Boom.

Okay. And then you can just add in some other, you know, other info down here. Boom.

You know, fill up this email, sell people on your company, sell people on the product you're giving them a quote on. Upsell them. This is a good point right here.

We can upsell them. In my funnel, this is where I want people to sign up for a free 15-minute campaign audit or coaching call to where we can move forward and upsell them on a higher-end package. So I'm just going to click next after you finish your email.

Here's your free PDF Facebook ad guide. From, you have to put your address and information in and your spam check and it's passed. So we're good.

Click finish. And now, you're going to want to click active. You're going to want to do automation.

You want to just name it. So free guide delivery. Save.

Now, you can also add some more stuff to this. So say, for instance, if you want to do conditions and workflow, you can give it to wait for a specific period of time. You can have it send out some more emails.

So you can put them on an email drip to where after five days, another email goes out. After two days, another one goes out. After 100 days, another one goes out.

So you can create a very long email sequence. This is just a very simple one of just, hey, when they subscribe, we send them out a welcome email. And then I can always go back and create a campaign for like a newsletter right there.

And then the campaigns tab. So, but now we are done with active campaign and we want to go to Facebook now and actually set up these specific ads. So this is where we'll build a very simple Facebook ad campaign.

Nothing complex. Go right here. And then we're going to go right here to create.

This is also in the business manager. So if you don't know how to use the business manager, this might be a good time to pause this video. Quickly go figure out video, type in a video on how to set up the business manager.

So I'm going to select on a conversions tab and then I'm going to hit continue. The other conversions tab, we're going to select the lead. Website conversion.

Scroll down a little bit and now on their targeting, I'm going to do people who live in this location. I'm going to do 18 to 40 years old. Men and women.

I'm going to turn off expand interest and I'm just going to do digital marketing. Here's where you'll get specific and type in your specific interests of who you want to target. I'm just doing digital marketing, targeting people who are interested in digital marketing.

I always create like four to six different audiences per campaign. So this is a very broad one. I'll do a very broad one, a very narrow one.

I'll do kind of like a mixture. So this is four million people. That is a very broad audience.

But that also, I have my different preferences per campaign for something like this. I could target that. But you can also do some other stuff like I could arrow.

I could narrow this audience and I could do Facebook page admins. So that means they are, they like digital marketing and they're also a page admin on Facebook. So there's a higher chance they're probably running Facebook ads and this guide is related to Facebook ads.

I can also come there and put Facebook payment, I think, I believe. Let's do a payment. Let's do a payment.

So we can do Facebook payments. That is another one. So that basically means they're paying Facebook for some reason.

And I never have, I haven't yet, I have yet to try this audience. So just be aware for that guys. And that's actually way too small of an audience.

So I'm just going to leave it out it used to be how it was. But there we go. Do the audience you want.

You can start off about $5 a day. I recommend about $300 to $600 a month in ad spend. Really, you should be spending $600 at a minimum.

Some people can get away with $300, but you should be spending about $600 at a minimum depending on your business model, depending on what you're trying to do. I've only spent about $200, $300 this month. It's August 24th for my free Facebook ads guide download.

I think I got like 86 conversions. And I'm still working on converting those into sales because I know the key, real big key with these leads is the follow-up. So I'm converting these into sales and just to kind of limit ad spend this month.

Now, we can go right here. Facebook page I want is Nectario. Nectario.

I am running this on Facebook and Instagram. Usually, I'll do a split test between the two. And I am just going to do single video for this specific ad because I've tested it multiple times already.

And it always seems to work. Even though there's a lot of text in the image, it works. And I'm going to go back and call that, I'm going to go copy that call it the action again.

And I'm going to write some really rough copy real quick. Now, what's your copy? You definitely want to test it.

You definitely want to do like multiple different variations of copy. Copy, quality actions. This is extremely, or this is a short term copy right here, short form copy right here.

There's definitely nothing special, definitely nothing that is going to give me conversions. But, you know, it's just for the sake of the video. You can spend hours writing copy.

And I'm just going to put download now. Boom. So, there we go.

Attention Facebook ad markers. Free download. Three Facebook ad secrets get you six plus customers in the next 30 days.

Download here. Download. Confirm.

The reach will be shit for this specific ad just for the fact that there is text in that video. And Facebook does not like that. So, continue.

There we go. We got our full campaign set up. And, now, there's tons of stuff I would recommend for like, this is the like basic guide for someone who's never done a click funnel, who's never done active campaign, and who's never done a Facebook ad.

This is very, very basic. I would split test these ads. I would test and test and test until I find the right copy.

I'll test a bunch of different variations of the headline. I'll test a bunch of variations for the picture, whether it's picture or video or both. I'll test variations of the button.

For the ad set, I'll test a bunch of variations of the audiences. Then, after the audiences, I'll test variations of the placements, where to get the best results. I do a lot of testing with Facebook ads.

Like, it'd be foolish of me to run $200, $300 of ad spend into this ad and hope, you know, it gets results because there's nothing else I'm testing. I'm literally assuming that this combo right here is the winning product and that's where a lot of people fell out with Facebook ads. That's where a lot of people fell out with landing pages.

With marketing, specifically digital marketing, you want to be focusing on a lot of different testing and, you know, study your audience first. You know, assume on a few, you know, get a really good grasp in your audience. Put together a few different audiences like to target with paid ads.

See which ones work. You know, don't be afraid to test. Spend at least, you know, $600 or something like that.

I've yet to see an industry where Facebook ads do not work at all. When I hear that Facebook ads do not work at all, I'm expecting that, you know, don't matter how much money you pour in, you never get, you don't get a single sale, you don't get a single conversion, a single thing like that. I think that's a very big lie.

I think it's all about how, you know, you go about creating the Facebook ad, how you go about creating the awareness at first, how well, you know, you write the copy and stuff. It's definitely not just exactly like that by now and you'll get millions of dollars of sales. But guys, again, my affiliate link's below for Active Campaign and ClickFunnels.

Please download them. You know, it doesn't, it's not going to affect you if you download it from my affiliate link or the website, but just to support me so I can keep creating these type of videos. I definitely want to, you know, try to be as professional as possible and I know I wasn't in my studio today to actually record it with the camera and the lights and everything.

So, my little office space in my shop. So, really appreciate it guys. If you give this video a thumbs up, comment below and I would love to create some more for this.

Guys, this was Nick Stario. Thank you for watching. Have a nice day.

a little permission but it really differs so you'll get a lot of stuff over the next. In.