How to calculate your target cost per purchase with Facebook ads. If you don't know what your target cost per purchase with Facebook ads is, you are literally flying blind when it comes down to how do you want to scale your business. Anytime we come into a business and start helping a client scale their ads or my students scale their ads and stuff, the first thing we identify is that target CPA because that target CPA is what dictates all of our decisions to turn ads off, to scale ads or decrease ads, like all of those things right there.

And today we'll be going over that, this really cool calculator for you that click link below file, make a copy, save to Google drive and you have full access to this calculator right here. That's where you can actually go ahead and make all your decisions around them. So let's dive into this and kind of go through this and kind of give you some feedback of how to actually calculate your target CPA to understand what's a scale and all that good stuff.

First things first, this is where we'll start off right here, your AOV. And all you're going to do is just go look back at the last three months and what's your average AOV over the last three months. If you don't have any data yet on this, then literally just put your product price here.

So let's say you're launching a product at $29, boom, put your product price in for $29. Now, next thing is what is your cost of goods per AOV? So if you're selling a, let's just say we're just on a hundred dollars to make it easy.

You're selling a hundred dollar product and your cost of goods is $20 per order. Then guess what? All you gotta do is put $20 right there.

Next one is what is your shipping and handling? This can also include processing fees, shipping and handling and refunds. So let's just say on average, you spend about $10 for shipping and handling per AOV.

That means every time someone places an order it on average, it's a hundred dollars. And the land cost per AOV is about $30. This gives you $70 of margin, gross margin.

Now I only want costs that scale as the ad scale. So in terms of like warehouse space and you put, you pay a flat fee on that. I'm not worried about that with this because that percentage of sales is going to be greater right now at low spend, but it's going to be significantly lower at higher spend.

Whereas cost of goods and shipping and handling doesn't really change. So I only want a cost that, you know, go with per order right now. Obviously it won't be your true profit, but it's going to be your gross profit before like warehouse space, before you have to pay your team.

Because you know, if you spend, like I say, if you spend 10K a month on warehouse space a month and it doesn't change whether you do 2K a month profit or a hundred K a month profit, that percentage is going to be significantly different here. Now, next thing is we have our calculated gross breakeven CPA, $70. Breakeven CPA can also be your, you know, your total margin.

It's also give us our breakeven ROAS, which is 1.43. Now, some other metrics I'll look at right here is your six month LTV, your NC ROAS over the last six months and your six month monthly ad spend. I'm actually just going to change this.

Well, you can change this to whatever. We'll kind of go over this in a second, but what I'm going to do for right now is just put the six month LTV as exactly the same as my AOV, unless you know your LTV over six months. So we'll kind of go over that in a second.

I don't want to put too much attention right now on that. And then let's just say over the last couple of months, you've been averaging a 2.0 ROAS. And let's just say you've been spending about $30,000 a month.

We'll put $30,000 right there. So let's kind of look into this. First off, NC ROAS.

If you don't know what this is, this is new customer ROAS, and you can find that on triple well. This is what I use. I don't really know any other ways to find your NC ROAS.

I just know it's easy to find on triple well. That's your new customer return on ad spend, not your returning customer return on ad spend. So it's being very clear there.

So what's the ROAS we get for a new customer? Now we're spending $30,000 a month, gross margin of 70%, $60,000 in revenues, what we'll make total costs and cost of goods and shipping and handling about $18,000. We're left with about $12,000 of profit per month.

Now that's not good or bad. It's just a number. And that's the first thing you need to understand with all of this.

That is just a number right now. So let's look at this and kind of start understanding all the variables we have and how do you actually pick a CPA? So let's just say, for example, like this is fine with us.

And again, it's not bad or good. It's just a number. So why would you want a higher number or why would you want a lower number?

So for example, all right, well, let's say we want to maintain $30,000 a month and spend, but we scale at a break even. And let's just say break even. I mean, we're making no money basically.

If we don't have a really good LTV in this case, this makes zero sense. Because why do we want to start a business with, you know, for profit, $12,000 in profit, for example, why do we want to start a business with zero profit when we're making, you know, $12,000 a month, for example. So these scenarios is for you to play with, to kind of model things out.

So let's say we want to spend $30,000 a month, let's just say you want a 10X ROAS. You'll spend $30,000 and get a 10X ROAS. You're making 180K a month in profit from a realistic perspective that's near zero.

So that's also another thing because you have the freedom to change the different ROASs. That doesn't necessarily mean is that realistic or not anywhere between, I would say probably cap it at three to four, but also kind of depends on your break even and how you're, you're scaling the business and stuff from that perspective. But in this case right here, ad spend $30,000, 10X ROAS.

Again, it's not realistic. So for me, it's like, if I want to scale this business, start making more than 12K a month profit, then the first thing I would do is just, Hey, let's just keep spending 2X, but can we double ad spend? And let's see if we double ad spend.

Boom. Now we start making 24K a month profit. And then guess what?

We could just keep doing the same thing. Let's say 2X, but now it's been a hundred thousand dollars a month. Now we make $40,000, but here's the reality.

If you're already doing a 2X spending 30K a month, you're probably not going to completely like, you know, you may do like 1.96 right here. Then you might do like 1.8 right here. You won't, I just immediately see that jump up.

And this is where we start looking at LTV in mind. Now I'm going to move this to one month LTV just because a six month LTV is a little bit more difficult to look at. Let's see one month customer value.

So this is 30 to 60 days after someone purchases from you, not zero to 30, but 30 to 60 days. So for example, I'll give you all a great example, which is my ebook. So my ebook I scale at is $29.

Cost of goods is zero. Shipping and handling is zero. So I make a hundred percent profit on it.

Now with this, I have a point. I think it's, let's see 2930 divided by 40. I got a 0.75 ROAS on my ebook.

It costs $29 and I scale out a $40 CPA and I spent about $30,000 a month on it. Well, actually a little bit less than that. It's been more like 10K a month.

And then the goal from here is how do we make money on that? So I do about a 5X ROAS on that 10K, even though month one is terrible, but because the LTV is so good, that's where I start to see a significantly better return on ad spend. So our LTV is, I don't even know.

Let me see. Is it $500? Oh, no, not $5,000.

That's terrible. Let's see. 500.

Nope. Definitely not 500. It's probably like 250.

Yeah. So it's about 250. Well, I'm actually lowered that a little bit more and that's profit.

It's actually be about 200. There we go. So we spend $10,000.

We make back $7,500, but within 30 to 60 days, I make back about another additional $40,000. So you can see right there, it initially starts off at $7,500, but it improves up to $51,000. How?

Because my ebook, I'm acquiring, you know, 259 new customers a month. And then I'm upselling these people on a course, inner circle and my agency. So they're coming in and after a month of me emailing them, SMS them and all that stuff like that, they increase in revenue from $7,500 to $51,000, making me 41K in profit per month of 10K in ad spend.

But if I wouldn't know these numbers, I would just see 0.75 and just see the negative $2,500 I'm losing every month and not looking at the full picture. And I would immediately want to stop scaling. I would immediately want to shut ads off and run away.

But that's where a lot of people get stuck at. And this is how I can immediately see a, what I would say, a sophisticated business owner versus like they've only been watching dropshipping videos and they haven't really thought for themselves. The dropshippers would be like, only look at 3X ROAS or 2X ROAS and they won't see anything else.

Whereas a sophisticated business owner, like understands that, Hey, I can lose a little money on the front end and scale on the back end. Now, is that every case? No, not at all.

We have majority of our clients profiting on day one, but in certain scenarios, then we'll actually, you know, leverage something like this. Like in this particular case, it makes sense. We've had a couple of subscription supplement brands where this is exactly how we scaled.

We had probably like a 1.5 X ROAS with like a, I don't know, let's just say a $60 AOV and like 20 and 10, almost a $50 margin. But the LTV over the course of like six months would be something like, you know, a hundred or like $120 right there. So they would make more money in the long run and they would lose a little bit money up front, but they would make more money over those couple months.

Like for example, in this case, $100,000, 1.8 ROAS, they lose 10 K a month, but every month they lose 10 K, they're adding an additional $80,000 in profit over that six month period of time right there. So the goal here with this particular sheet that I'm trying to give to y'all is that what you want to look at here is you want to model these different scenarios out, see which one makes the most sense for you. And then from there, stick to the plan.

That's where it gives me my NCPA goal, my NC ROAS goal. NC ROAS and NCPA are basically the same thing. Just very clear of that.

Just the only difference is like an AOV increase will also affect this as well. So the whole goal with this sheet is one, you input your metrics and then you can model off like a six month LTV, a one month LTV, a three month LTV. What I always tell people is start off with a one month LTV.

So that's 30 to 60 days in and start off with a one month LTV and then spend as much as you can at near break even with a one month LTV profit margin goal of making profits. And then guess what? If financials look really good, because you got to keep in mind, every month you do that, you acquire way more customers.

And then what'll happen there is you'll start making way more profit in the backend from returning customers. And then guess what? Next month, try to do a two month LTV.

So you're willing to spend for a two month period of time. So instead of looking at 30 to 60 days, now you're looking at 60 to 90 days as we become profitable. And you just keep doing that over and over.

You're still making profit every month. It's just the profit you're making now start coming in from returning customers versus say looking at new customers specifically being profitable. So model this out, have fun with it.

You can change to like one month right here. You can change that whenever you want one month right here, change that. And then like I said, anything in these little blue boxes right here, you can actually like, you know, play around with and change.

And here's your different scenarios, all of those good things right here. And then like scenario six, boom, where I see people do go wrong with this is that they do a highly, what I would say, like I said, on, you know, like exactly what I did earlier with the 10x robust, they do a very unlikely scenario, very unrealistic scenario. And when they do that, they get butt hurt because they can't hit that.

And they feel like Facebook guys don't work for them. So model out the data, basically make your own scenario based off of you. And then this becomes your North star for scaling the business.

And hopefully this helps you out. Hopefully this gives you some actionable data, how to calculate your target CPA, set up a plan and spend by it, test the plan. And then from there, modify the plan a little bit.

You know, maybe you, maybe you thought you could scale it a two extra OS and then you start scaling out two extra OS and money's a little tight. And then like, Hey, let's spend a little less and try to hit like a 2.5. As long as that's realistic for you.

And then let's start scaling up at a 2.5. And that might be better for you. Or, Hey, that's not working.

Then how can we improve LTV to make profits back from returning customers? So we can't afford to spend that two extra OS. That's the key goal right there.

I really want to strive for y'all. So thank y'all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of all day.

Peace out.