Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I want to talk to you guys about how to get your advertising bragged about. Probably one of the best marketers of our time and he's done an amazing job with the marketing of these very, very high priced devices and he did it in a way that was very, very simplistic and because he knew his customer very well and he articulated his products in a way that we can understand. And I really want to break down some of his advertising techniques and how we can apply that into our strategies that can literally boost results by literally simplifying our campaigns.

And let me show you that in a second. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's get started guys.

So how to get your advertising bragged about literally. And the reason why I say that is because the particular ad I'm about to show you, everyone I know that's an advertiser has talked about this at some point. Almost every marketing book has talked about this and referenced this particular ad.

So it's been bragged about tremendously. So I'm sure you guys have seen this ad at some point or seen a reference to it. So this is the iPod, which was released in 2001 by Steve Jobs.

That's a long time ago. And literally 1000 songs in your pocket. Now at the time they also had the MP3 player, which was storage for one gigabyte of MP3s.

What? So this, there's a lot to take away from this right here. So you notice first off, they're literally the same thing.

Like maybe the iPod was a little bit more designed in a way that was visually appealing, but it wasn't necessarily that. It was the marketing message and the marketing push behind it that created what it is today. So if you see right here, the first thing we can tell is 1000 songs in your pocket, a very simple marketing message that when it's delivered to me, I clearly understand right away.

I got 1000 songs in my pocket storage for one gigabyte of MP3s. I don't know how many songs that is. Maybe MP3s is the first time I'm hearing about that.

And I'm not correlating it and compartmentalizing it properly in my brain. And it's just flying past me. 1000 songs in your pocket, immediately thinking, okay, cool.

All the cool stuff and like all the music I listen to, et cetera. So what can we learn from Steve Jobs is how we can clearly identify a problem the customer is having. A lot of you guys that own brands, you've identified a problem in the market.

You understand a particular problem your customers are facing and your product solves that problem. And what Steve Jobs has done is he created a product around the customer with the customer experience at the forefront. So we made the experience the whole nine yards around the customer.

So the unboxing experience, the startup experience of the device, you know, just the user interface, the marketing, everything was very well put together. It's a very strong USP for this brand. It's worked really well.

Now he was clearly able to articulate that benefit of the product to the customer that they will easily understand. So again, this is a customer experience. This is just data features.

So this is the clear difference between a benefit and a feature. So just for people that question feature versus benefit, this is the difference right here. You can see right here, storage for one gigabyte of MP3s has no clear benefit.

It's a feature 1000 songs in your pocket. I don't know what's the features. I don't know if it's battery life or what's the, you know, the storage, but I'm not buying for that.

I'm buying that for the benefit and the experience it adds to my life. So he was able to clearly articulate the benefit of his product. And this is what leads to my next key point right here.

He could have easily marketed this product in other benefits. You know, the benefit could have been, it's two gigabytes instead of one gigabyte. It benefit could have been longer battery life, but he knew his market.

He knew his market wanted, they wanted storage. They wanted it, you know, it was the first real big push of MP3 players, iPods and stuff like that. And, you know, I think the biggest thing was understanding what does it mean for the consumer.

And that's how he got on the 1000 songs in your pocket. And when we look at this and pull back for a second and look at your products, and let's start looking at your business, your products and stuff, you know, understanding what benefits, hidden benefits, main benefits, why are people buying from your brand? What is the experience your customers are looking for?

And being able to list those out on a sheet of paper, do some thinking time. It's not something you're just going to come up with by the end of this video. This is something that you're going to meditate on for the next week and look at it.

So I put this example right here. You may have four to five different benefits for your product, but you're going to notice one that just stands out. And that one right there is going to unlock your market.

So you might run a bunch of ads and benefit number one, this might be, this literally is probably your one core problem right now within your ad strategy is you're hitting on a bit, hitting on a benefit that no one wants. Okay. Or at least it's not big enough to get people to, um, you know, take action on your product, but your competitors leveraging on a different benefit.

And that benefit is unlocked the market. We've had this with one particular brand. It's a personalized brand, sells a lot of personalized products.

And we were first running it like this. We were leveraging it. We weren't even hitting on the gifting side of the product because we didn't even know about it.

We didn't think about that. We didn't think about that. But then when we start researching all of our customers and why they bought the reviews and stuff, we noticed all of them are buying it for gifts.

So guess what? We start pushing it as the perfect gift. And we were able to take this brand from $7,000 a month in revenue to doing over 2.

I don't know, probably like 2.5, maybe $3 million now with us. And the last probably almost two years now from $7,000 a month by literally changing up the marketing message. That's it.

It took us five minutes to duplicate that ad, change the marketing message and push it out. So you have to understand one focus on only one benefit at a time, test other benefits. Just when you're testing those benefits, make sure you test one benefit per ad.

So go create three identical ads and just change up the ad copy of each one to focus on one specific benefit. So for us, like I said, for us, we're doing like, you know, this one right here was, you know, this particular product, you can hang it on your wall and spruce up a space in your home. Whereas this one, it's a perfect gift to give to a loved one.

So this one right here could have been, I don't know, benefit of hanging outside. Great piece. So you have to understand what benefit unlocks your market.

And then once you identify that market right there, once you identify that benefit, it's all about scale and scale comes down to creating a lot of new creatives and a lot of, you know, just spreading your message across the market, leveraging different industries, hitting different sub niches and stuff like that with, you know, literally the same benefit. You're just kind of changing the tone of voice or changing the creative style to match that niche. And that's a whole nother world or rabbit hole we could, we could dig down.

But I think the first things first is understanding what's the main benefit that sells your product. You know, what is your 1000 songs in your pocket ad? You're, you know, are you doing this?

Are you doing this? And if you are doing this, is it a benefit that unlocks your market or is it a benefit that is just not really driven? So I really hope this helps you guys out.

This has helped me tremendously with my advertising career is understanding these key concepts. Really hope you enjoyed this video. If you are a Shopify brand and you're looking to scale to your first six figure month and need some help, some extra manpower, then click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll open a call with you. We'll build out a plan for you of how you can see your first six figure month, which your business, and you can simply take that plan if you want and run with it or sit down with us and we can see if we'd be a great fit to work together in terms of our agency that we've helped multiple brands scale to six and seven figures a year. So with that being said, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you guys so much for watching this video. My name is Nick Theriault and I hope you guys have a great day. Peace.