Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick.

And today I have an exciting new video for you guys today. I'll be talking about how to do creative analysis to improve Facebook ads. Rob ass.

So this would be a very powerful video because now we're going to go from the superficial layer of just Rob ass and add it work to thought provoking conversation. That's going to get you guys to start thinking a little bit more of like me when I'm looking at an ad set, looking at looking at ads specifically. And now looking at how can I analyze the data to make a creative based decision of what to do next.

So it's going to be really powerful because it's going to help you keep optimizing your ads every single week, but not from an ad account perspective, but from the ad creation perspective. And the ad creation side is what generates the money at the end of the day. So if you can improve this, this will take off tremendously.

And you're also going to spend like five, ten minutes a day on this, or you spend hours a day on this. And a lot of you guys have it swap hours a day on this and five, ten minutes on this. So that being said, before we get started, hit the like button, hit the subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

I've been said, let's dive into the video, guys. How to perform creative analysis to improve Facebook guys. Rob ass probably the most boring topic I've ever talked about, but the topic that will make you millions, kid you not, like literally just how we make our clients to date now has made over $20 million online revenue.

And, you know, we it's all purely dedicated to this of consistently improving. So a big problem that has sparked in the last 12 months is that we went from, Hey, this is the ad account structure you need to, Hey, you need to test more creative to, Hey, you're testing a lot of creative, but you're not building better ads. That's the problem.

You're testing for purely of taking the, your, your mind is compartmentalizing of taking a new ad and putting a new ad in the account is going to generate a new results. But the problem is this ad was not built to do a better result. So because it's not built to do a better result, it's going to do a poor results.

And now your mind is linking that poor result to that action. And you're like, Oh, I'm testing new ads, but it's not working well because you're not building better ads. So the whole goal of this video is to sum up five years.

It's my experience into five, 10 minutes. You to watch where you eat your lunch, whatever it's now of how to build better ads. So before we begin, um, I highly, highly, highly advise you guys to go watch how I test Facebook ads in 2022.

And also to how I scale Facebook ads in 2022, the ultimate guide to go and brought Facebook ads 2022. As y'all know, I do not use interest-based or look like based targeting anymore. I haven't done it over 60 days and client results have skyrocketed since I've stopped doing it.

So I do not, and this is brand new account all the way to account spending $15,000 a day. I'm going broad targeting. So make sure you go watch those two videos.

So that way when you, I can, I'm going to relate to a few things in this video that you must watch before. So let's take a look at inside the ads manager. First thing I just want to look at is some of the metrics that I look at.

Some of the, you know, the reporting I look at and the top one right here is a e-commerce account. Bottom one right here is a legion account. So we're generating leads for the client.

This one is the e-com Shopify. We're getting them purchases. Okay.

And you can see right here, you know, some of the tool, the columns that I use when I'm looking at. I don't look at landing page views. I don't look at at the carts.

I don't look at initiate checkouts, all this stuff like that. I literally just look at it like if it's an e-com account purchases because that's the goal. What's my robust is?

What my cost purchases? It's legion. What's how many leads have we got?

How much cost per lead? I'm looking at CPM, looking at frequency, you know, unique outbound click through rate cost per unique outbound click, unique outbound clicks, video attention, which I'm going to show you in a second, how to create that. But these are some of the metrics I look at.

And the cool thing about this is these metrics right here tell a story about how your consumers are reacting to your ads. That's all this is. It's telling a story.

Facebook's telling you a story of how people are reacting and responding to your ads. That's it. It's all this one just reporting to you, just telling you, Hey, sad, this ad's doing this, this ad's doing this.

So if we can interpret that story, we can create better ads based upon that data. So let's look at it from this perspective right here. So ad metrics I'll look at from a video base.

So if it's a video ad, this is what I'm looking at. Okay. So there's this thing called ADA, um, attention, interest, desire, action.

Basically just to say, like, you can look it up on my mind. It's called the ADA formula, all that good stuff right there. And it's basically just kind of like a consumer psychology model in that sense.

So if we're gauging the effectiveness of a video ad, obviously before I go any further row ass at the end of the day, if it's e-com, it trumps everything. So I can have horrible video attention, horrible, all of this amazing row ass. And okay, that's it.

That trumps everything, but just want to make that state there. Okay. So if I'm looking at a video ad, I'm looking at these four metrics.

Okay. Attention, video attention, video attention is the percentage of people that is stopping to watch the ad. Okay.

So this is going to gauge your hook rate. How well are you hooking them in the first three to five seconds of a video? Okay.

Interests are interested, however you want to say it. Okay. So you got their attention.

Did you get them interested? And the how well did we get them interested is going to be dictated by the click through rate. I like to use unique outbound click through rate, not unique link clicks, things like that.

Unique outbound click through rate. It's just a little bit more of a higher quality report than a link click. Okay.

Or CTR. Okay. So this is the percentage of people who see the ad that are going to click on the link.

Okay. So to engage interest, people are interested or not. Okay.

Now the next one is desire. How much desire do people have to purchase that product? And that's going to be dictated by the CVR, your conversion rate.

Okay. Every ad will have a different conversion rate. This is your like onsite conversion rate.

You can look at it from that perspective. I also like to look at ad level conversion rate as well. Okay.

We increased it by like, like for one account, we have a 3% conversion rate on our top ad. We have a 10% on conversion rate on a new ad. And we have a 20% conversion rate on a new ad.

And guess why? Because we built the ads to better handle objections before they come to the consumer's mind. So they have less objections when it gets to the process, uh, product page in that sense right there.

And then lastly, action. That's just the gauge. The one we want is we want purchases.

So how can we measure that action rate? You can look at this from a CPA perspective, cost per, you know, purchase perspective, or you can look at it from a ROAS perspective, whatever one you're going for. Um, even if this is CPL cost per lead cost per app install, uh, there's other specific metrics you can be looking at too as well.

Um, so this, for example, for e-com we're looking at this. If I'm looking at this, uh, lead account, I'm looking at cost per lead. Now that's for a video.

What if it's a photo? So if it's a photo, we actually do, um, attention and interest together, uh, on the CTR side, because there's really nothing they watch. So there's no like video attention metric you can do.

You can just purely look at it from, okay, cool. What's the different percentages of the, um, unique account click through it? Um, desire still the same CVR and action is still the same, which is going to be your, your cost per acquisition, your ROAS cost per lead, uh, whatever you're, you're optimizing for in that center right there.

Now I did say, I would help you guys out with these custom metrics. Uh, so video attention. If you literally go to your columns tab, a little columns tab to like store your columns, you can go all the way down and hit custom.

And then basically right here, you go to create custom metric. This will pop up right here. And this is literally what you got to set up.

Just name it, whatever you want to call it video attention. Some people call it a thumb stop rate. That's the more accurate way is thumb stop rate.

Cause it's basically the percentage of people that stop in the, to, you know, stop in the scroll and then percentage. You want to change that to format to percentage. Cause we want a percentage.

We don't want it can number or anything like that. Um, and it's simply just do right here. You literally start typing in like three dash second.

And you should be able to select the list. Click on three, three second video plays divided by impressions. Okay.

Um, and impressions is the amount of people that see that ad and that's center right there. So, so that's how you get the video attention metric. Um, so you get the CVR metric.

So CVR, um, again, same thing, go through that same process right there. Website, you know, you can type name, whatever you want. I call it website conversion rate, um, or CVR with a description of website consumers, uh, conversion rate, a percentage again.

And again, we want purchases divided by unique outbound clicks. So, um, that's another way, way to do it. Um, you can also do purchases divided by link clicks.

You can also do purchases divided by landing page views. I personally prefer unique outbound clicks because of landing page views. A unique outbound clicks gets past 14.5, um, because it's on platform.

Whereas the landing page view is on, on like, you know, it's on your Shopify store. So lesser reported and so to see a skew in data. Uh, whereas same thing for purchases too.

So that's why you got to remain consistently looking at this reporting with the inconsistency, if that makes sense. So, so yeah, so that's how we see those specific things right there. So we can judge, like you can look at the CVR right here on this desire right here.

We can see this ad right here is a 2.59%. This ad has a 1.8. This has 3.7%.

So, you know, people have more desire for this particular product right here than they have for this product right here. Um, people are more interested, you know, in this particular creative. Like this, this creative right here drives more interest and it's more interest curiosity.

Let me see that perspective too as well. So, but yeah, so let me just keep going through this. And let's show you guys all that important note about ad metrics.

Every account will have different metric goals need to be hit. So it's really bad to compare, you know, compare your metrics to someone else's because you want to consistently try to improve your metrics. So if your metrics right now, like if you have a 1.6% conversion on your website, you want to try to get to 1.8.

Not to get to 1.8, try to get to 2x. Not to 2x, try to get to 2.4. Don't compare yourself, your 1.6 to someone else's 5x.

You know, try to improve yours based off your metrics right there. Okay. And you want to consistently compare your metrics against yourself.

So like, let's say for example, we launch a new ad and the ad has a goal to improve the thumb stop rate. So we're going to change the front five, three to five seconds of a video. We're only going to compare the first three to five seconds of the video.

Like let's say for example, it's a 10% one right here. That's the original. Then our new one we launched, we only want to compare it against that original 10%.

Okay. So we got to make sure we look at that as well. We don't want to be comparing someone else's 30 or 40 or 50.

Um, we only want to compare it against existing. So we know we're improving consistently. Okay.

And then another thing that's really important here is that I've seen accounts with horrible, like all of this detention, interest, desire, and seen an amazing ROAS. And I've also seen accounts with amazing detention, desire, um, interests, and then horrible, um, you know, like ROAS and like conversion rate. That's right there.

So that's also something else too. And I'm going to go over those scenarios in a second. Okay.

So metrics can tell a story. Okay. So if you have really great attention plus interest plus desire, you're going to have a great action.

Okay. So basically what I'm saying here is if you have really good, and I'm going to circle through this a little bit. If you have really good attention, really good interest, really good desire, and you know, you're likely going to have a really good ROAS as well.

Okay. Like when you have all three of everything together, everything just works. Everything looks good.

You have a great ROAS. It looks good. Just overall, your business is crushing it.

Okay. Now, if you have great attention plus interest plus poor desire, you're going to have a low action rate. Okay.

So let's go back. Let's go back and look at that. Okay.

So if we go right here and let's say, for example, we have a really bad video attention, like standard when I count to 23%, we're getting a 10%. And, um, or actually was that great? I want to say that's great actually as well.

Yeah. So my apologies for that guys. So if we have a really great attention, really great interest, but low desire and low action rate, basically what we're basically seeing here is that we're grabbing attention.

We're creating interest, but we're seeing a really low desire and really robust. So this is where a lot of you guys are at right now. You're seeing a good click through rate.

You're seeing a good CPC, like things like that, but you're not converting visitors website. Okay. So this has become an issue right here because basically that means is that you're grabbing people's attention, showing people's interests, but you're seeing a low desire, low action rate.

Okay. So if people are coming to your website, you're hooking them in, everything like that, and they're not purchasing, then you have some problems here. Okay.

This basically can mean a few things. First off, the ad could just simply miss interpret. Like it does not clearly show what you're selling.

And I've seen this happen before. Okay. People watch the video like, oh yeah, you're selling shoes.

And then they go to the website and it's like all clothing and it's like, oh shit, that's not correct at all. So I've seen that problem before right there. So that can be an issue right there.

So ask yourself, is your product clearly like articulating to people what you're selling, what you do, things like that. Okay. Now the next thing too, that could be a part of that issue is branding and theme and stuff.

I didn't listen on here, but if someone sees like an ad of all bright colors and everything like that, it's like very happy and everything. And then it goes to your website and it's very dark, moody and just like, eh, then there's that issue right there too, which is another way it kind of like misleads people from the branding perspective. So I've seen that happen a lot too as well.

Now, another thing is, is that you're getting really good click-through rates, really, really good, you know, video attention, all that stuff like that. You're getting people to the website, but you're seeing a low desire because there's problems on your product page. Okay.

There's something that's preventing people from ordering. Maybe it's the add to cart, but it's really hard to see, you know, like try to see if there's anything that's, you know, preventing people from purchasing. Okay.

And there's nothing that's preventing people from purchasing. Then what's next? There's unexpected fees.

Okay. So maybe they add to cart and everything. They go to checkout and they see like, you know, your product's 20 bucks, but they see a $20 shipping or $10 shipping.

It's like, what? That's crazy. So there's unexpected fees like that.

Or if there's anything else that might be popped up on the website, that's like unexpected that they didn't realize that they pay. That's something else that works really well. Another one is just lack of trust.

Your website seems like it's a scam. I've had that before where like a client's website just looks like it's going to scam you. Okay.

So make sure it feels like a really good brand, feels really good and professional and everything like that. It feels like you got it shit together because then that's going to have a lot more trust. A lot more trust is going to lead to higher conversion rate.

People have a little bit more, you know, they have a desire for purchasing your product. They can just feel a little safer and stuff when they purchase your product. And another one too, and this product could actually have been higher on the list.

It's just price shock. You know, they didn't realize this, you know, like just say, for example, selling this pin right here and like this pin was like 50 bucks. Like what?

You know, you're crazy. So price shock could also help out a lot with that too as well. Other things too as well, just lack of understanding of the product.

You know, you have a complex product and you have a poor job at articulating to people what your product is on the website. Unanswered questions. A lot of times unanswered questions.

Just go look at your comments on your Facebook and find the comments that people are asking. Those comments they're asking, turn those into specific bullet points on your website. So that way it answers questions they have in mind.

So that works really well too. So that's when you get really good attention, getting a click-through rate, getting good video attention, poor desire, and you know, you know, a low action rate. So now the next thing is, okay, what happens if you get poor attention plus great interest plus desire because average action rate.

So you're getting poor attention rate as in like, okay, cool. Like you see an ad that's like, let's look at this like 10% video attention ad right here. Okay.

We're seeing 10% video attention. So we're hooking people. The click-through rate's not that bad relative to these others.

If we compare it to maybe like the 23%, seeing an average CVR, average in a purchase for us is good. But what happens if we could increase this video attention rate? If we, if we increase this to 30%, we have three X amount of people that's actually stopping on that and watching the ad.

We'd increase the percentage of this. And then we might even help in this perspective right here. So what do we do to increase video attention?

Well, to increase video attention is all focuses on that first three to five seconds. So the first three to five seconds, there's two specific things in three to five seconds. So in this perspective right here, you want to test better hooks, both visual and on-screen text.

So like, let's say for example, you have a guy jumping up and down and it starts off with get the energy you want. Okay. Then you can do another one where it's like a guy opening up a bottle saying, get the energy you want.

You could do another one. If a guy driving in his car, walking into work, get the energy you want. Okay.

So it's different visuals with the same on-screen text. You could test that right there. Let's say for example, it's a guy jumping up and down and like it says, get the energy you want, then you can do a different text.

So guy jumping up and down saying, you know, now with 300 milligrams of caffeine guy jumping up and down and saying, you know, skyrocket through your work today. So you're testing same visual, just different on-screen text. And that's different ways you can control the control or control the variable.

And you can test against different video attentions and you can see which one had a better, you know, video attention rate in that sense right there. Okay. And again, this can be applied to images as well.

All of this can be applied to images as well. It's just you're, you're unifying those two together. Okay.

So for an image, seeing a low click-through rate and you're seeing a low CVR on that, then it's like, okay, cool. What if we improve the click-through rate? Like what can we do to that particular image?

So you get more people to click on it. You know, can we test some different headlines on it? Can we test some different photos in the background?

Like, will that improve performance in that perspective? So that's one way. That's one thing to help out with poor interest and like poor attention, just kind of depending on if you're looking at like video and photos, stuff like that.

Now, the last one is what happens if you get really, really, really good attention, but poor interest. And I don't know why I said good desire. Poor interest, good desire, average action rate.

So like, let's say for example, you get a really high video attention, like right here, but just kind of like an average across the board of everything else. Basically, that means is you're captivating the wrong audience. You're not quite getting the right audience pulled in right there.

So it's like, you know, me basically saying, here's a video on how to run Facebook ads step by step. And then me just sitting there talking for 20 minutes about how to run it. And I'm not visually showing it to you, articulating it to you.

You're going to get a really good video attention rate, hook rate and everything like that, but a poor drop-off rate because people are like realizing that's not what they came here for. So that's something else you got to look at too. And that perspective right there is, is your on-screen text, is your hook and everything like that relevant to everything else and pulling in the right type of people.

So next thing, now that you kind of know the metrics and everything, and the more you pay attention to these, the more you can try to start to determine different things. Now, the next thing is, okay, cool. I understand the metrics, Nick.

I'm starting to be able to tell a story now around each ad, but what next? Okay. So every single week, me and my team, we do a two hour sit down.

We sit down for two hours and we go through the ads we tested for each client every week. So last week we tested these three new ads for this client. Last week we tested these three new ads for this client, you know, client one, two, three, four, five ongoing.

Okay. And we asked ourselves some different questions. Okay.

And the questions that we ask ourselves is team. I asked my team, I say, Hey, why do you believe this ad worked? And why do you believe this ad didn't work?

So if an ad that worked, why if an ad didn't work, why I want to know why? Because then it helps us really start to understand things. Okay, cool.

Hey, that had a really, that ad had a really bad video attention rate or that ad out of all of them had a really bad conversion rate. Okay. So now that we're using the data to judge our decision of, okay, cool.

It had a really bad conversion rate, but why? It had a really bad video attention rate. And that's why we did, we think it didn't work.

But why, why did it have a video, bad video attention rate? Then we look at the hook and we're like, wait, we're selling energy drinks here. And this first thing is talking about, I don't know, just something completely off topic.

So now we know, okay, cool. Hey, let's test this out again with a better intro. Okay.

And at least my, my next thing. Okay. Once you start to understand the data, you start to analyze the data and how that data affects the ad and what are, how the ad affects that data in terms of poor video attention rate, we recognize that it was a poor intro.

Then what we do next is okay, cool. What can we do better? Okay.

So basically you can look at those ads. You tested last week and like, all right, cool. What are three new ads I can create based off my analysis?

And it's, it's going to be two things. Okay. First one is it's going to be iterating off the tested ads with new ideas that you think will make it better.

This is when the ads do okay. So like your ads did okay. And like, oh, cool.

Yeah, they did okay, but they're not amazing, but there's room for improvement. In that sense right there, you see room from improvement, you identified a potential thing you can improve and you do that the next week. Now, the next thing is, okay, Hey, we wanted to just test and dip our toes into a whole new concept.

And that concept did horrible last week. Let's just move on to the next concept. So you have to be able to have a gauge, whether it's, are we working on new concept this week, or it's a whole new concept or we're working on a whole concept this week, but it's just the concept is iterations off a existing ad.

And you have to be able to mentally be aware of that and try to understand that. Um, as you move forward. So, but yeah, so that's basically what we do every week.

That's how we go through the data and everything. We'll look at everything. Um, and it's just something else I want to leave you guys with is just like elements of a creative that can affect performance.

And these are things that we look at. And the first one is desire articulate in the creative is not strong enough. So basically the desire, the motivation for someone purchasing is not like really hit on good enough.

Number two is people do not believe the claims made inside of the creative. I've talked about this before where it's like, you know, Hey, we get really great results for Facebook ads. But until you see the results that we get for our clients, you do not believe it.

So people don't believe the claims made inside of the creative. Um, people do not identify with their creative. This could be, you know, people who identify with very bright, colorful branding versus people who identify with very dark, more like darker style branding.

Okay. So like the branding doesn't fit the tech, like things like that, the people resembled in it doesn't fit them. You know, we're going after people who lift weights in the gym and we're pushing runners in the video creative.

So go deep into people who identify with them. Make sure they identify correctly. Make sure all the claims are being, um, have proof behind it.

And then desire articulated of why they buy is strong enough there as well. And that's another reason why, um, it helps out the creative in that perspective right there. So yeah, guys, um, that is it for today's video.

Really hope you guys enjoyed this video. Uh, it's definitely a very deep, thorough one. Uh, it's 25 minutes long.

So good luck with that. Uh, hope you guys enjoyed. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video.

I really appreciate the support on the channel. If you are new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you liked this video, hit the like button and drop a comment below your favorite part of the video.

And if you are a business owner doing at least $50,000 per month in revenue, make sure you click the link below to book a call with me, my team. Uh, we work with all kinds of businesses between Legion app installs, uh, to e-commerce, which is more of our specialty in the e-com side. Click the link below, book a call with me.

My team will hop on a call together. We'll do strategy session together. And basically from there, uh, you can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

So make sure you click the link below to book that call, uh, with my team completely for free, no obligations or anything like that. Now, if you're doing less than $50,000 per month and you're looking to expand and grow your business, keep watching the channel as these videos are designed to make you more money level up. You level you up as a marketer.

When it comes out to the Facebook ad side, the marketing side, um, and learning those marketing fundamentals to help you grow your business and everything like that. Uh, there will be a course soon. It's actually going to go through all of this and break it down to more of a bite-sized piece where it's step-by-step that you can leverage inside of your business.

Uh, there won't be too further down the line. Um, but we'll keep you guys updated around that. Thank you guys again for watching today's video.

Again, my name is Nick Terrio. Hope you guys have your rescue day. Peace out.

Talk to you guys next time. . .

. . .

. . .

. . .

. . .

.