Yo, what's going on guys welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I want to talk to guys about what it takes to build a seven-figure econ brand. There's a lot that goes into it and I think there's a lot of people I talk to that just don't quite have that understanding yet and there's also a lot of gurus I may have seen online that just don't really cover this type of stuff and we try to provide a really good just report and show you exactly everything that goes into it because it's not what you think.

It's a lot more that goes into it so hopefully just bring some clarification to you. Make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video.

Okay, so what it takes to build a seven-figure econ brand from someone that has generated over eight million dollars in revenue for clients. Again, if you're new to the channel, I run an advertising agency. I provide stuff that typically being courses on this channel because at the end of the day, hey, I know that you can access all this information, but eventually one day you're going to get so tied up with the business you're going to need to bring on a marketing partner and that's where we come in handy.

So going into it, there's three areas to become obsessed with growth in your business. Acquisition, AOV, and lifetime value. These are three areas that dictate growth in a business and they're kind of all need to be, I would say AOV is actually the one that can be pretty like, I can kind of, I don't really need to focus too much on that, but acquisition and lifetime value is essential.

So your CPA, how can we acquire customers for as cheaply as possible? Our AOV, how can we get each customer spend more? So if I go place a $500 order on your website, how can I get them to make a $600, $700, $800 order when someone comes and purchase on my website?

And then your lifetime value, how can we get each customer keep coming back? Honestly, 95% of people I talk to, they have CPA and AOV down, but 95% of people do not have LTV down. And if you pay attention to any of this video, you need to focus on LTV.

And before we get started with all that, it all starts with one thing. Like you need one core thing in play before you can really get to any of that. And that is a great product.

I can't tell you how many times I get people that are trying to scale and just the product isn't there. There's no product market fit. It's not really competitive.

It's just, ah, like, you know, like it's just, Oh, they found a product. Let's scale it. And it's, it's very important to understand that you have a great product.

Um, this is why we recommend people still to do their own Facebook ads up until like 25, 30 K a month, because then they start to have a little bit more validation from the market that, Hey, if you can scale, it's like 25, 30 K a month for the product, you can't do that with a bad product. So that's very important right there. And then after having a great product, you need some level of branding.

So this is very important right here. I see people who've built a brand do 10 times better than people who just built a store with a product on people wants to be able to identify with your brand. So I wear a lot of Alphalete clothing because I identify with them because one, it's all about pushing yourself, doing more, learning more, being a better person every day, 1% better.

And they have the contents on their website. They have their content on their Instagram, their YouTube that I identify with, identify with their branding of simple, minimalistic and stuff like that. I identify with that.

Um, I identify with their website as an, again, simple, minimalistic and stuff like that. So there's a lot of things I identify with their brand that I like, I value all their influencers have some level of achievement, um, in terms of like overcoming something, becoming a better person that grow, that glow up. And I identify with that as well as an entrepreneur, someone who's kind of like self-built.

So identify all that. So like, that's a very big thing right there. And branding equals consistency.

So you have to understand that like, you can't just establish the vibe of your brand from one day. Like it, it becomes a repetitive thing. It's making sure every single time you do a piece of copy, it's on brand.

And every single time you do a creative or a piece of content, it's on brand. And that repetition is what sinks that branding and that identity in people's mind of like, Oh, okay. So when I purchased from them, that's what I'm buying into essentially.

So branding again, express your copy, constant brand awareness, influencers, partners. So like if you partner with certain other companies, and this is a higher level perspective, make sure those partners shame the same values, um, as your ideal customers, um, beliefs and things like that. Uh, fluencer, same thing values within a company, like all that good stuff.

So now that you have a really great product, you're building a really great brand in terms of like, you see the vision for it. Now, how do we kind of rapidly grow that? How do we expand that further?

So that's where we're going to get into acquisition side cost per acquisition. So CPA cost per acquisitions, your cost per acquisition of a new customer. How much does it cost you to get a new customer in the door?

You watch a lot of shark tank. That's what they talk a lot about. Like when that first few questions, what's your acquisition costs?

So cost per acquisition. Um, and if we're going to focus with a Facebook perspective right now, so for literally just looking down and like, Hey, there's other platforms, but let's just look at Facebook, for example, how do we bring down that CPA? So a great product is going to actually bring down your CPA a lot more than you think.

So like we've seen a bad product and a good product and like the CPA on a good product is just insane. So that's like already going to be a big, uh, like lever for you. The second thing is just testing new creatives weekly and don't just sit down in your ads manager for five minutes, come up with three random angle or three different random creatives, like actually spend a week planning out and thoroughly putting together three new creatives that are really powerful versus just constantly doing this rapid fire approach of testing new creatives.

Every single, it just becomes a nightmare. So you want to test new creatives weekly. You want to test new audiences weekly, finding those new audiences that work really well, new angles.

So right now a very popular angle is working is, is self-giving and gifting or self-giving or self-gifting and then gifting for others. So either you're going to buy yourself something this Christmas or buy someone else for something for Christmas. It's beginning the summer time of making this video.

So it's gifting angles that are working really well. And then also testing price points. So your main product that you're scaling up, typically every store are going to have like one or two main products, even if you're a multi-product store, but at least on the front end acquisition side, you're going to have typically one or two products.

You can test different price points of it. We have one store that we've been having this one product at $30 for the last seven, eight months, and they've been struggling. We tested it at $19.99 and it's crushing, insane difference, but it's just because there's still at some point of a level of where value exceeds price is when people buy.

So if price is right here and values right here, people never buy. So you have to kind of, you have to make sure you get like this and I'm not saying go lower your prices. Maybe it's increasing the value.

Maybe it's lowering the price or maybe it's increasing the value. There's two different ways you can do it. So you don't necessarily just have to lower your price to achieve that right there.

And then you're going to, this space is going to allow you to spend a lot more to acquire more customers. I tell every brand we work with, when you're spending six to seven figures a month in paid advertising, you're looking to break even on the acquisition side and let LTV basically be where you make your profits. So if you're breaking even at a few hundred dollars and spend, you need to go and really refine all of this so we can get really profitable to low spend.

So you can scale a forward to be able to scale up essentially now AOV. So again, AOV is average order value. I go to your store right now, add a few things to my cart, purchase my AOV be a hundred bucks.

How do I get someone to spend $150? Not necessarily just jacking up the prices, which that is, that does work well. So if you go to your website, just increase your prices 10 to 15%.

It really helps with your AOV and stuff. And, but you really want to ask yourself, okay, Hey, this person's come to my website. They're purchasing this specific product.

What are some of the other immediate pain points they have? Or like, what are some of the other immediate things we can offer them to increase that AOV? So don't, and don't, don't be the person that just upsells them the same product.

It's, I see it all the time. We, um, we're working with this brand, it's a luxury brand and they, um, they basically upsold the same products when it's a cart. And it's just, it's a product you're never going to purchase too up.

So like, that's a big thing right there. Like actually make a contextual sense for the upsells. And I want to show y'all a really great example.

There's a brand called velvet caviar and they sell these phone cases. It looked really cool. Go to bestsellers right here.

I go, I take a look and you can see right there, the price of it is $21. So like you're probably gonna spend $20 to get a $21 purchase. Like, like it's, it's typically we see acquisition now anywhere from 15 to 20 bucks.

So like, yeah, like you're not going to make much profit, but if I add it to the bag and then all of a sudden, boom, okay. They're thinking to themselves, okay, someone's buying a phone case and they're buying a new phone case. Then, you know, those will bring things that you stick to the back of the phone case or when you can put it between your fingers to hold the phone better.

Well, if they're getting a new phone case, they might have to throw that one away or maybe they might need another one. So here's a grip ring, nine bucks and it matches. Wow.

That's really cool. That's nine bucks. None of these 30 bucks.

Okay. They might have AirPods and they've, and specifically this is going to a girl demographic. So girls like to match stuff.

Okay. Maybe they want to matching AirPods case. So now they have a $30 AOV.

Now they have a $46 AOV if they choose one of these. Okay. Let's just, all right, cool.

No, thanks. Now that you're thinking, okay, they didn't want that. What are some other stuff that may be happening?

What if they just got a new phone and they're coming and they're purchasing a phone case? Or what if we're just other things the phone needs that we can provide them in that moment? And they thought of, oh, here, here's a clear protective thing.

Those go all the time, like all the time people are replacing those. So like, that's a great upsell or privacy one. Those are really cool as well.

So now your $46 AOV can go all the way up to like $58, $60 and you still have that $20 acquisition costs. And now you have a three extra ass versus a one extra ass. So you can see all these upsells.

Now, obviously it's a perfect world. And that's a world that we assume that they're going to take advantage of all of these, which in reality, they probably won't. They'll probably just take action on one, maybe two.

And that's not going to be a realistically a $60 AOV, but it's still going to add more profit to their front in their first order. So yeah, so that works really well. Great.

A great example for upsells, uh, for clothing, build a set and match matching sets, shoes. They come in and purchase a pair of pants. Maybe they need a pair of shoes.

Maybe they need a nice shirt to go with the pants. Maybe they need a belt to go with those pants to match. Maybe they want matching socks.

Maybe they want hat to go with it. Like what are the different accessories that can also be matched with that pair of pants? So like, that's big right there.

Now let's go into LTV. So LTV is still something that people do not have a good understanding of. And I understand majority of the people that watch this channel are doing less than 10 KM off.

Then there's a good percentage on 10 to 25 KM per month. Then there's a small percentage on 25 to 50 KM off. And then there's a smaller percentage on 50 K plus per month.

So I understand LTV is more of a longer term thing that you start focusing on around 35, 60 KM off. So for some of you guys, it's still very new. Um, and some of y'all still struggling with just acquisition side.

And if you were to do all of these in a certain order, it's acquisition AOV, then LTV. So nail down your acquisition, start scaling, and then start focusing on AOV, then start focusing on LTV. Now LTV is something that is super, super important because as you grow this brand, like it's no lie that advertising is going to get more expensive.

So like year one, your acquisition costs might be $10 per CPA. Then year two might be $15. Then year three might be $20.

If you were selling a $20 AOV year one was break, uh, two extra ROAS year two, 1.5 extra ROAS year three, one extra ROAS. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. Like that's just the natural flow of the market.

More people are coming on Facebook advertising. CPMs are going higher. So like, that's just a standard thing.

I've seen it from when I first got into advertising five years ago to now, CPMs are a lot more expensive. So if you continuously focus on that acquisition front, you forget about like the other half of the business. And then as soon as that acquisition starts drying up, regardless of what you do, you just can't get it down.

Then you start to lose profit in your business. And that whole time you could have just easily increased the LTV of customers, which would have easily gotten you more profits in the business. So how do you keep customers coming back?

Once someone purchases from your brand, how do they keep coming back and purchasing from you again and again? Cause it's very, very, very, very big key right there is okay. I purchased from you now.

How in a month do they come back? We have brands where they purchase once a month. We have, we had a brand where they purchase once a week.

We have brands that purchase once every six months. So it's different for everyone, but you want to try to like, keep challenging yourself. If they purchase once a year, okay, how do we get them to purchase once a month?

They purchase once a month. How do we get them purchased once a week? Purchase once a week.

How can we get them to once a day? Again, just ask yourself those questions and also keep looking at the customer avatar because the customer avatar is the biggest roadmap for success with this. Fashion Nova did an amazing job.

They, when they launched their brand, they were primarily targeting 18 year old to 22, 25 year old girls who wanted to have like club wear, like basically wear club clothes just out public and they scaled up really hard and amazing. And then they realized, okay, now these girls are like 25 or 30 and they have men in their lives. Maybe married now.

So, okay, let's launch a men's line. I know it's crazy because a lot of people will just think, well, let's just launch more girls clothes, but no reality is okay. Where are they at now in life?

And how can we add that next line? Okay. Then, then they look back and say, okay, now where they're at?

Well, they're 30 plus now. They're not wearing his club wear. Their men, their men are kind of dressing a little bit more casual now.

So what else is going on in their life? Oh, they're having kids. So guess what?

Let's launch a fashion Nova kids line. And sure enough, great success as well. So you have boom, boom, boom.

They've been a customer to the last 10 years. Guess what? You have a very, very, very high brand like, like retention rate with that customer.

And they're going to be brand advocates for you. You're going to recommend you to everyone. They're going to talk about you everywhere.

Going to manscape. So manscape did a great job as well. I'm not going to go to our website, but manscape did a great job.

They launched this one unique product, a trimmer for men, for manscaping essentially. And so they launched a trimmer and then like, okay, trimmer is great, but how do we keep growing this? How do we go further?

Okay. What are some other stuff? What are other problems men have in certain areas?

And they started coming up with these different clones, these different care kits, because they realized in the market, there was no one actively going out there and creating a cool brand around that besides like just the, the fault stuff you see at Walmart and stuff like that. So they did a really good job and increased in LTV now, because now, now they have these products. So they realized like you buy a trimmer, you're never going to buy another one again.

So how do we keep people purchasing again? So let's start selling them like healthcare, not healthcare, like care products that are like serums and stuff like that, that they use, they're going to run out and that people are going to come back for again and again and again. And they did an amazing job with that as well.

So they keep solving problems for their existing customer. And I want to drill this in your head because if your product is doing good and then maybe it starts doing bad, don't go out there and try to find a product very closely to launch it again, go out there and okay. So this is the current problem in the market we're solving now.

What are some other problems they have that we can further care for? Like if they have this problem, then say for example, okay, look, you struggle with your Facebook ads right now. We come on board, start running your Facebook ads.

Great. Things are going good. Then all of a sudden a new problem comes up.

We're not getting enough content from you. So we can't scale your ads. We need more content.

Okay. Look, Hey, we offer content creation service. Great.

Now we're selling your Facebook ads. We're doing your content. Things are going great.

You're profitable. Then you realize, Oh, I have no time for email marketing now. Great.

We have someone on our team that can do your email marketing. So we keep on solving problems for our existing customer. And as a early on e-com person, when I first got into it, I was like, when, when someone purchased from you once, I feel guilty for trying to get them a purchase from me again.

And I feel like it's something that a lot of people face and it could be their own like reflections on how they view money and how they view business. And I'm not necessarily to understand where it came from, but now it's like, no, you're in a business to help people. And your objective is to keep solving problems for your existing customer.

Even if it's not directly related to your first line, like, like fashion Nova went from kid, uh, from very scandalous club outfits for girls to very wholesome kids outfits, but they kept looking at back at their customer avatar and realizing where they're at in life and how can we further help them? So it's not a bad thing. You're helping people by bringing in new products to them.

And I, I really do feel there's some level of guilt for keep bringing new products to someone. Now don't be the person. Like I said, that consistently jams the same product they bought once in their face, because that right there is a big no, no, because it's like they already bought it once unless it's a supplement.

It's the only, only like exceptions, a supplement or something that needs to be consistently re-bought. But for example, if it's an iPhone, well, I mean, Apple does it every year. They come out with a new and approved one.

And that's a whole nother, a variation of Wells increasing LTV anyway. So take them step by step, go down acquisition first, AOV LTV. And yeah.

And after working with nearly 30 plus brands, I've identified some of the biggest roadblocks that we see. And it's always the client, the client's own limiting belief, the client's own mindset and understanding of certain things. And that's okay because our objective as an agency is to educate the client on these things and, and, and show them what they got to do to get to that level versus just being like, Oh, they don't understand.

Like, you know, they're a bad client. Like our objective is to coach you through on top of actually running all your ads and everything. But I just want to share with y'all some of the things that we've seen as an agency, dealing with a lot of clients that kind of gotten away, or maybe just made it kind of like, not really work well for us.

Um, and it's clients who want it. We'll get there. Like if I have a client that's very passionate about their brand, passionate about their industry, passionate about their market, and they have a drive to hit a hundred KM off 50 KM off a million dollars month, they will get there.

Now I do have some clients though, that simply don't care. They just want to collect the check each month. That's it.

Like that's literally how they view it. They don't care about their industry. You don't care about it.

They're not passionate about it. They're just like, Hey, how much we did this month? Cool.

Yada, yada, yada. Let's bump that number up a little bit. So you still got to be like a good leader.

You still got to be a good passionate about your brand. And that's going to further only improve your brand for long term. Now, next thing is trying to remove emotion when making decisions.

So we had a client that we worked with for part time or for a portion of time. And we ultimately had to end it because the ego was so high that we couldn't do our job. And they were making all of their decisions based off emotion, based off what they thought, based off like in a way they were like just their own perception, the brand in the wrong way, most wrongful way possible.

And they were never using data to make decisions. And our ads would do crush it. And they're like, you got to turn it off.

Why? Oh, I don't like that ad, but it was crushing. It was doing really good.

And it was on brand. So like there's some level right there of you've got to use data to make decisions and also have that some level of compromise with the agency and you as the clients for certain things. And you want to at least release some of that level of control and allow people to do their jobs.

We have clients that are like very, very like they literally hire us on, we come on board, we're doing everything for them. Things are good, but they're still glued to the ads manager and not really allowing us to do what we needed to, um, to ultimately make them way more money than they're making now. And then some of our biggest clients have had negative months.

Like, don't get me wrong. Like you're, even as you're scaling to a few hundred thousand dollars a month, a hundred grand, 10, you know, 50 grand, 60, 70 grand, you're still going to have a month or two where it's going to be negative one month. And if you have your first negative month and quit everything, like again, that kind of shows us that you're not really passionate about the market.

You're not really super excited about the market and everything like that. And that also plays a role. Our clients, we've had clients before that for first month or two, completely negative because one, we were just getting the creative strategy down to time of the year.

Um, things like that. And finally we cracked it and they were like on that, like last, like, like basically like, Oh, we're about to quit. Then I'll stop me cracking.

And they're like, Oh my God, we love you so much. You do an amazing job. So we can definitely tell some of those emotions as we, uh, we grow and work with some of these clients, stuff like that.

So as you scale and you want to grow this big seven figure brand, I want you to apply these principles to it. I want you to go out there and look for a second. Where's your mindset coming in play?

Where's your product? You have a great product. Where's your branding?

Where's your focus on AOV, CPA, LTV, like really start working on all of these. Cause all of these play a conjunction together as you scale and grow your brand to that multi six figure, multi seven figure a month mark, which is the ultimate goal essentially to then when they get acquired. So really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Uh, make sure that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I appreciate you guys watching, uh, comment below what you thought about this kind of a little bit different. Well, but really kind of digging further into that mindset side of everything that's going on.

And if you're an econ business doing at least $50,000 per month in revenue, and would love to work with a growth agency, that's going to help you get that six to seven figure a month mark that you would like to hit. Then make sure you click the link below book call for me. My team will create a strategy for you.

You can take that and run with it, or you'll have the option to work with us if you choose. So again, just click the link below to book that free call. Thank you guys so much for watching these videos.

I really appreciate all of the love and support and hope you guys have great holidays.