So you're looking to scale your brand organically with zero paid traffic. Well today I have the video just for you where I'm gonna go over through my kind of guide on scaling organically. What's going on guys my name is Nick Tarion and welcome back to the channel.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Really happy to help you guys out with more of my organic scaling methods and some of the methodology that I personally use and I'm happy to go through a full kind of in-depth analysis of this. Before we get started make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said let's dive into the video. So scaling organically full guide who specifically is this farce for econ brands, legion brands, info product brands, personal brands, multi-level marketing, anyone who has something to sell online. Let me give you guys full of the type of content and stuff like that you guys need to create in this video.

And just give you a little case study really quick. Kind of why I'm kind of credible to even specifically teach this. I have a YouTube channel that you know took from zero to almost 10k subscribers within two years.

Over 600k plus views. Done around 800,000 in sales organically through my YouTube channel. So for my agency you know that's clients working with me through my YouTube videos and stuff like that.

And I've consulted with other brands and variety of other spaces and I've helped them as well grow their organic following as well. So again paid ad specialist but also do have some knowledge when it comes down to the organic side. And yes you should be doing this even if you're already running paid traffic because all this is going to do is simply amplify your paid traffic.

You're crushing organically and you're running ads. I mean it's no boom that's going to blow up your business. So to give you guys a little story time of why I'm specifically making this video.

I'm in the process right now currently purchasing a condo house things like that. And I was talking to my realtor friend the other day and he was like hey I want to start posting more online. And he started talking about all these content ideas and stuff like that.

And he started posting a few videos in that aspect right there. The problem though was he wasn't really posting content that me as a first-time purchaser would enjoy. And he was posting content that was relative to him as being a realtor and what his realtor friends enjoys.

And this is the big problem I see that a lot of people who are posting organic content make as they're posting content and they're posting content that doesn't attract the right type of audience they're looking for. And the content that resonated with me was example average down payment needed. What documents I need to get sorted.

How to see if I'm getting a good deal or a bad deal. What should I look out for as a first-time home buyer. So those are the type of content I would enjoy.

But he was making content around like what's it like to be in the life of a realtor. When clients send you this. And like it was like just references to realtor culture in that aspect right there.

So I really wanted to stop focusing or show you guys to stop creating content to create or like stop creating content just to create content and create content that's like you know hey your friends enjoy it. But create content with the intentions of you know attracting and resonating with your ideal customer. That aspect right there.

And their goal of the content is to entertain plus educate people on the products you sell. So I create these videos to you guys that you know talk about these big case studies and stuff like that. And I educate you guys and entertain with you guys in that aspect right there.

But I also sell my agency when you watch those big case study videos on my YouTube channel. Next thing is it positions you as an authority. So even though you're running a lot of Facebook ads and stuff like that.

All this paid traffic and everything. Also having a large organic following helps position you as an authority. If you have a following you know 100,000 followers on your Instagram and you reach out to someone more likely to engage with you and you know respect you than say someone who has 10,000 followers.

And honestly that's just a modern digital agent now. Followers followings have turned into monetary values and that's just something you need nowadays. That aspect right there.

Secondly, if you do have a large following it helps position you as an authority. Someone you guys are more likely to trust me for Facebook ad advice than someone who has 10 followers. 10 subscribers on Instagram or YouTube.

That aspect right there. And that's just because I've positioned myself as an authority in a specific niche. Next thing content types.

What type of content types do you need to be pushing and the different type of content types that we leverage in 2022. So you have two different types of content. You have content that gets pushed in front of people.

You know, you're just walking around and sales reps are jumping in front of your face and saying, Hey, like if you go to the mall and you walk through the mall and you get this little sales people that just run and jump in front of your face. Hey, would you like to do this? Hey, would you do this?

You have that that gets pushed in front of your face and then you have content. People are actively searching for. So instead of sales reps jumping in front of your face, you're on Google.

Hey, where can I buy a Ford Mustang 2022? There you go. So you're actively searching for it versus it getting pushed in front of your face.

Content gets pushed in front of your face. You gotta look at it like reels, TikToks, tweets, IG stories, Facebook and Instagram feeds, but then content people are actively searching for or YouTube long form video. So kind of like this video right here and then blogs.

If I create a YouTube video, how to run Facebook ads in 2022, that's going to actively attract people who are actively searching for that. If I create a reel, no one's searching for a reel. It just gets pushed in front of their face.

Next thing is know your audience. What does your audience want to see? And again, this is also going to apply to a lot of you guys are talking about clothing brands, things like that.

I can already see all in the comments. Well, how does this apply to a clothing brand? Well, we'll see that in a second.

So things that I looked like I like to look at when understanding your audience is environments plus the character that's telling your story they resonate with. So for example, if you're selling a, you know, fitness program and you're in the environment of, I don't know, the jungle and the character that's telling the story is someone who is overweight and it's like, that doesn't really resonate with the person that they want to become the ideal audience. Next thing is you need to use slang.

Your audience resonates with one of our first clothing brands. We really blew up their ad copy was substantially always better than ours. Every time we would write it because they knew the exact sling and we, we improved over time.

And this is one of our first clients ever. Um, but they, they used a lot of really good sling that was very specific to their audience. So keywords sling, things like that.

They resonate with what's the main desire. So the main desire, a lot of you guys watch my channel is to scale your business profitably. All right.

That's the main desire. And why do you have that desire? Maybe it's because you want to buy a Lambo.

Maybe it's because you want to retire. Maybe it's because you want to, um, you know, sit back and relax and not have to, you know, escape the nine to five. So there's different things like that, but your main desires, I want to scale my business profitable.

So all my content needs to reflect that. Next thing is what is the awareness to the problem? So for example, this is just an example right here for, if I wanted to make a video around a problem of advertisers do not know how to position their Facebook ads to perform well.

So the solution to that is here's how to use market sophistication. Very little people would search for how to use market sophistication for Facebook ads. Okay.

No one would be searching for that. So it would get very low performance, even though it's a very valuable video. So I need to title it specifically to something that's more helping people go from unaware to the problem.

So they're unaware to it, but so I use the main desire of how we grow brands profitably. So here's how we did $400,000 in 30 days with Facebook ads using this one trick. I'm going to get substantially more views on it because I'm leveraging the desire that people have.

And I'm also selling them kind of the unique mechanism that we used, which was market sophistication in that aspect right there. So really know your audience, know where they're at to the problem and solution and things like that, that you sell their main desire. Again, if you're a clothing brand, okay, cool.

What does people want to see from clothing? Obviously their main desire is to look good and feel good. Then I'm going to create a lot of content of people looking good and feeling good on Instagram.

I'm going to also show off the environment that we recommend wearing those clothing brands, those clothes that. So if it's the city, cool, I'm going to show off a lot of city vibes. Um, the character is, Hey, maybe this clothing brands for people are overweight, then I'm not going to show a bunch of people ripped and the stuff like that in it.

I'm going to show people who are a little bit heavier set. Okay. So it just depends for the content.

Next thing is content to start creating first. So your first objective is to actually start going leverage and creating content and that, you know, these key things about your audience. And the first thing I recommend you guys doing is identifying five brands slash public figures in your space that has a large following with lots of content.

So go look at Instagram, go look at YouTube and go look at Tik TOK and just figure out who's the five key players in your space. That's regularly putting out content. Okay.

And that's going to help you identify the next thing, which is what's their main channel. So if you know, these five brands are all on Instagram and they don't really push Tik TOK or YouTube. Cool.

Let's just leverage their Instagram for right now. Next thing is what are the five to six types of content that is common amongst those five brands. So the next objective there is to figure out what's the common content types.

So for example, my YouTube channel, I have case studies, I have ad reviews where I review ads. Um, I have tutorials on like Facebook itself. Um, I have another set of content where I talk more about marketing fundamentals.

So figure out the types of content that they work with. So for example, visit a gym clothing brand. Maybe there's some content of guys and girls working out in the gym and also showing off the workouts.

Maybe it's style guides. They showing off different gym outfits they wear. Then the next thing is unboxings.

Customers are, are, you know, just showing off some cool unboxing videos. And then another one might be customer testimonials. So these are the four types of content for the specific gym wear brand right here.

And what you do is then you want to start replicating it. So the first thing you want to do is replicate content that you already saw. And then the next thing you want to do is add your own twist.

So if they're all doing these workouts in the gym or working, working out in the gym with workouts, then cool. We're going to replicate that type of content, but we're at our own twist to it. This is how you add more personal, more branding and really getting into, Hey, this is the clear reason why I follow this guy and why he, you know, like why he or she is different, why this brand is different.

Um, so for example, my YouTube channel, I identified the types of content across other channels that worked well, but then I figured out the one thing that I could add to the twist. Hey, I'm gonna recreate all those videos, but I'm gonna do it with my perspective. And the thing that pissed me off the most was I saw these channels, but all of them kept saying the same thing and no one was really going over into marketing fundamentals.

And that was my biggest aspect. I wanted to reach out and talk more about the marketing fundamental side because I've had tremendous success with it. And I wanted to provide that value to my audience.

Next thing through quantity comes quality plus new ideas. So the more you create, the better, the quality comes, the more you create, the more ideas you get. And the more you create, the more the habit will be built.

So a lot of people I talked to, they're like, Hey, I don't want to post yet because I don't have a quality camera yet. I don't want to post yet because I don't have any ideas. Go recreate ideas.

I'm literally gave you, here's how to solve the ideas and camera wise. Look, if you have an iPhone 10 or better, you can create content. Okay.

iPhone 10 or better. That's all you need. Um, you know, I'm personally shooting on a $3,000, you know, DSLR camera for this video.

And you know, I got a $600 mic setup right here, but realistically, if you go look at back in my first few videos, I was using AirPods and just recording my laptop screen. That's it. They even have a camera.

So through quantity comes quality plus new ideas. And also to the more you create the habit we built. So if you create oftenly, like it's ingrained in my mind now, film three videos a week.

I don't even question it. Now it's a super high priority for me. Next thing, secret strategy to improve engagement.

So don't want to lose you guys. I want to start diving more into the tactical side now. So I'm going to kind of give an overview of everything, but this secret strategy to improve engagement.

And it does come with a warning guys. It does become with a warning, make your content more polarizing. Okay.

Polarizing means 50% of people will love it. 50% of people will hate it. Um, I find that I'm probably not doing the best job at making my content polarizing because roughly I get, I get a hundred percent likes on every single video.

Um, and that shows that, uh, maybe I'm not completely polarizing yet, but the reason why you want to do this is because it'll improve your engagement because you'll have a lot of people saying how much they love it, but also you get engagement from people that are saying they're hated Facebook and Instagram and Twitter, YouTube, like all these algorithms just see the engagement and seeing a lot of people engaging with it, which pushes the, gets it more reach. For example, Andrew Tate, he did an amazing job with monetizing, uh, positive and negative engagement because he was very polarizing and due to him being polarizing, it improved his reach. And that's why even when people are hating on his stuff, he was getting even more reach and growing even more popular.

He had a perfect combination of both. I do not recommend you go that extreme, but do adding a little bit of this polarizational factor does improve, um, improve your overall reach and everything like that. Next thing is this is not for weak minded people and you must have thick skin as it can have negative backlash.

So if you're too polarizing or for your own level of comfort, what's going to happen is, is you're going to start getting a lot of backlash from it. And if you don't know how to properly deal with that, then you're going to completely fold with it. So just be careful.

This is a very critical thing right here. Be careful when you're doing this, just inch by inch, push a little bit every time. Next thing channels with time to post, um, this is some elementary level style, I guess, constant right here, but focus on building the habit of focus consistently to one channel for 90 to 120 days first, before you start posting on other channels.

So for me, for example, I posted on YouTube for a year straight consistently. And just this year, I started to reach out into sharts. Sharts.

That's it. Sharts and tweets. Okay.

And all I'm focusing on is posting one chart a day and one tweet a day. That's it. I'm building the habits of it for YouTube.

It's ingrained in my mind, three videos a week, no big deal. And then obviously as you expand your content, um, you know, for me, for my sharts and my tweets, they all stem from my YouTube videos. So, you know, I already got content on one platform and then I expanded to the others.

All right. Next thing, um, secret YouTube trick. So if you're a clothing brand, if you're a self-met brand, any type of brand specifically, uh, what you want to do is you want to create some YouTube videos that are searchable content related to your product.

Okay. Now here's the secret here. You're not really focusing too much on like crazy views and stuff like that.

Cause you're, what you're doing is you're actively monetizing the audience as you build it. So the longer you run paid ads and the more you grow your organic following on Instagram and YouTube and stuff like that. And people are aware of what you sell, then you're going to start building up a bigger audience of people searching for stuff like this.

Nickterio agency review. What's it like working with Nickterio? You know, the other day I was looking at this Louis Vuitton coffee table book to add to my apartment.

And I went and I literally YouTube this exact thing, LV coffee table book unboxing. Cause I wanted to see what this book looked like. Cause the, the illustrations quite frankly on the website were pretty shit.

So when you create this content, it's active, global searchable content that can be on YouTube and Google. So that way it's just really cool videos that like kind of seeds, um, you know, seals the deal for some people as they're in the consideration stage. Next thing is Hootsuite favorite apps to schedule with schedule my content, everything like that.

Now the next strategy I want to talk to you guys about is expanding reach plus free content. Okay. So for econ brand specifically, we talk a lot about, you know, getting a lot of content and everything like that.

This specific strategy allowed us to pull anywhere from 12 to, or I would say about 30 different content pieces a month, the last four months for a supplement brand we're working with. And basically what we do is we use favicon, which is really cool tool. Uh, it's literally just a searchable tool to search for content creators on Instagram and stuff like that.

So for example, I'll even pull up for you guys right here called face favicon. And I'll even give you guys an active demo for this. Um, come on, let's go.

I don't know why the long plugin, but they work in every go. So with favicon right here, you can literally actively search for certain criteria. So let's just say, for example, if we wanted to focus on, I don't know, fitness influencers, let's just do something like if we want to look up like really serious influencers you get are for fitness space.

Obviously I could do like fitness, but like, let's say for example, I want to focus on like bodybuilder specifically. I know something, for example, in like gym culture, they'll do like hashtag leg day. And I'll get a lot more hardcore people doing leg day versus if I just search fitness.

So I'm going to use hashtag leg day. And then I'm going to do, I'm just going to leave all of this check. The only thing I'm going to do is like minimum age is 25 max age is 50 or 40.

Yeah. And then country I want United States and minimum flow followers. I want at least 50,000 to a hundred, a hundred thousand.

Boom. Cool. And then yeah, search.

And I will literally get a list of people all with that criteria. And you can see right here immediately. It's more of like hardcore fitness style people of exactly what I want all between 50 to a hundred K followers.

So it's like an actual database of Instagram accounts and stuff like that. And what we'll do is we'll pick out people in this niche and then we'll message these people and say, Hey, what's your address? Love to send you some of our products with no strings attached.

Okay. Basically they'll reply back. Some portion of them will reply back with their address or shipping information.

We'll send them out products. And then what we'll do is after the product is delivered, after we see it on our side, we'll reach out and say, Hey, how are you enjoying the product? You know, Hey, how are you enjoying those leggings?

We'll love to, you know, just, let's just checking in. And if they are saying, Hey, I love the leggings so much warm in my workout last week, you have a great product. Then only then ask them for a video photo review on your story or feed and tag.

So, Hey, that's so great. I'm so happy you're loving it. Could you please give us a review on your story or feed or, you know, can you please post this on your story or feed?

Now again, leaving it up to them in that aspect right there. But the whole key thing here is that they're enjoying the product first. If they're not enjoying your product, just say, all right, cool.

Well, wish you the best important ways and numbers to reach out to is 500 DMS will lead you to a hundred products shipped and 30 posts. That's things we're looking at. So you reach out to 500 people, roughly a hundred people will actually say, here's my address.

Love to get some. And then out of those hundred people, roughly 30 of them will actually post content. So if you look at that, let's say, for example, if you have, I don't know, let's just say you sell a hundred dollar item and you have a 70%.

So let's say you have $30 worth of cogs and shipping per order 30 times that you're actually losing 30 times, 100, you're going to invest $3,000, $3,000 to get 30 posts, which will come out to roughly a hundred dollars per post. Um, and for an Instagram following a 50,000 to a hundred thousand followers, you're going to pay anywhere from $300 to a thousand dollars per post, um, or maybe 500. So you're going to get content for substantially cheaper with these influencers and you can send more, or you can send less for these numbers.

We do this once a month. Um, we reach out to 500 people for one of our self-brands, reach out to 500 people every month, send out a hundred products every month, and then we get 30 posts per month. So it all comes down to the aspect of how many numbers you want to hit.

Do you want to do more? Do you want to do less? Um, and then these are some of the ratios to look at.

And lastly, next thing is looking at scaling up your organic output with a content agency. So as you start getting really frequent with your content, everything like that, start looking at a content agency to help you out with all of your editing, photo, video editing, and things like that. I personally use one for my YouTube channel.

So basically I just film after I film, give it to my YouTube team and they do all the editing title, thumbnail, upload schedule, all that for me. So the only thing I still do on YouTube is the comments. And that's just because I love my, you know, people and I want to make sure that, uh, um, you know, it's as authentic as possible.

So yeah, guys. Um, and lastly, one secret tip right here is as you start to scale up and stuff, um, use your organic posts as ads. So I'll go into Facebook ad account and look at the last 30 days of organic posts.

And I'll take the top six or seven that perform the best. And I'll take those, I'll copy the post ID and I'll run it in the ads manager as an ad. And we found a lot of really good success with this as well.

So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. Um, this is definitely kind of like my full strategic guide for growing brands with organic content. Really hope you guys enjoyed this video, kind of breaking down everything.

It's definitely not something that I like, you know, it's my main go-to, but I do have a lot of knowledge in this space as well. I've helped a lot of people with this as well. Um, so I just thought to share you guys kind of another alternative strategy to paid advertising.

Thank you guys so much for watching the channel, um, or this video. And if you're a business owner doing anywhere from 50 to a hundred K plus a month in revenue, we'd love to open a call with me and my team. We'll do a strategy session together.

And after that strategy session, we can give you a clear, Hey, think you're a good fit to work with us or not for our agency where we've helped a lot of other brands, you know, three X five X, even 15 X their monthly ad spin, um, profitable with their business. So again, click on the below to book that call. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Again, my name is Nick Theriault. Talk to you guys later. Peace.