I'm finally facing it all, fearless. What is going on YouTube? Welcome back to the channel.

I currently just woke up and we are headed this morning to the chiropractor's office. I'm not sure if they even open. I'm just going to go because honestly it's right down the road and I get an excuse to drive my car, see if they're closed.

It's no big deal. So let's get you straight into a cold start this morning. Here we go.

Yeah. Let's go guys. It feels pretty good to be in the car.

In today's video I want to talk to you guys about setting up your macros and stuff. Me personally, I use macro tracking for dieting and that's what the diet I'll be following. This whole prep or just diet.

It's not really prepping for a show. So some people like to use the keto. Some people like to use carb cyclone.

Some people like to use, I don't know what else, other diets they like to use. That's perfectly fine. I just, my personal preference, I've used macro tracking.

It makes the most sense for me. It's the easiest for me to stick to. So I think that's something you need to look at when looking at any of those diets.

How easy is it to stick to, how easy it is to stick to, how easy it is to get you results, etc. And then you need to try and test them out and figure out what works best for you. But we're going to be setting up our macros today.

And that's going to be our baseline macros we're going to go after in terms of like, you know, starting out. And then what we're going to do is over this diet we're going to slowly start pulling them back. So we're going to actually lower the carbs and the fats a bit.

So I'm going to show you guys all of that today in this video. All righty guys. So if you want to just come there and first start off by busting out a sheet of paper or maybe a document, open up a new document inside of your computer.

I'm simply just using my notion to log all this. But starting off, we want to kind of just write down your starting point. So I weigh 156.2 pounds.

That was my starting point from this morning. Height, I'm 68 inches. That's what, 5'8".

And then now we're going to have these blanks right here. Your calorie goal, carbs, fats, and proteins. So what you want to do is you want to go to, if you'd like, look up bodybuilding.com, calorie counter.

I've been using this particular calculator now for four or five years now to estimate my daily maintenance calories. Because that's what we're going to do. We simply want to find our maintenance calories.

What do we need to eat right now to get our, you know, to maintain our current body weight? So simply log all this in, 5'8". Go down, weight, 156.2 pounds.

Maintenance. And the reason why you don't want to do fat loss is because we want to control the amount of calories. So they're going to give us our maintenance calories.

And then simply what we're going to do is to create that deficit, we're going to pull back a little bit of those calories. I'm going to show you guys how we do that a little later on. So right now I have a, I could say intense exercise, but sedentary job.

Basically just means is this is, you need to estimate where your activity level is. I think pretty much everyone's at home right now. So we can put pretty much sedentary, sedentary.

I'm not sure if I'm saying that correctly. But basically just means you're very lazy, relaxed at your job. You're not on your feet all day and stuff.

You know, very active, moderate exercise, extra active. So you just simply collect your things. So I would say I do an intense exercise just because, you know, I do do a little bit more than a typical person.

I guess you say moderate exercise. Maybe if you just go back there, not even like lift heavy weight, just some weight just to activate the muscle. And then that's it.

And then you leave. So I'm going to do intense exercise, but sedentary job. Calculate.

And that's going to give me my maintenance calories. And that is right on where I need to be. And the reason why I say that is because in my whoop band, I'm averaged about 2200 calories.

And so, yeah. So this is perfect right here. So 2180.

We're going to go back to our little document. And that's our calorie goal. 2180.

So now we're going to do a little bit of math to figure out your carbs, fats, and protein to get this started. So a few things, a few rules I always go by. Um, I always do one gram protein per pound body weight.

And then I always do fats 20% of my total calories. Now, some of you guys might want to change this up. That's perfectly cool.

But this is the two rules I've always gone by. I know my first cut, I did like one gram per pound body weight of my lean body mass. And then last cut, I just did one gram per body weight.

Um, and the fats, I always did 20%. So, how do you figure all this out? So simply what you want to do is you got to remember, uh, four calories is one gram of protein.

Four calories is one gram of fat. Oh, carbs, not fats. Um, one gram of carbs.

And then nine calories is one gram of fat. So that's just a few things you need to remember when you're setting all this up. So now you have 2100, 2180 calories.

So let's start off by doing, um, let's find fats first. So let's open up a calculator. So we know, so 2180 times 0.2 for 20% is 436 calories.

And I want to write that down now because we're going to need that later. So 436 calories of fat. Um, and then we want to divide that by nine because we want to figure out the total grams of fat we get.

Um, that's 48 grams of fat. Uh, so that means we can get 40 grams, 48 grams of fat. I mean, that's, that's not even like, I think that's one maybe.

Well, a spicy chicken sandwich from Chick-fil-A has 20 grams of fat. So we can literally two spicy Chick-fil-A sandwich. That's what I'm saying.

Obviously we're not going to do that, but, um, anyway. So now let's do protein next. So we got 156.2.

That's our body weight. So we can do 156.2 grams of proteins. I said one gram of protein per pound of body weight.

And we actually want to multiply that by four to get the calories. So that's 624.8 calories. And honestly, you don't even have to do the, everything at the decimal, um, protein equals the equals 156, uh, grams protein.

So now if we do a little bit of algebra, we need to figure out carb. Um, so carb with carbs, there is no particular like thing like this, like, Hey, 20% of your calories is fat. Um, one gram of pound body weight is for, you know, protein.

Uh, carb is everything remaining. So, um, let's do 2180. 2180.

Yeah, let's clear all this. 2180. Let's subtract calories for a fat.

And then now let's do protein. So now we're left with 1120 calories. And we want to divide that by four.

Now it's 280 grams of carbs that we get. And that is actually right on. So, um, carbs is always going to be really high.

Um, somewhere 200, 300, 400 for some people. So that's right on with, you know, makes sense. It's not, we didn't get any crazy numbers.

So, um, so let's do 280 grams carbs. So now we know our initial numbers, 280 carbs, fats, 48. Let me put a little gram right there.

And protein 156 grams. So now, you know, your initial goals right here. So now we know, Hey, we need to hit 156 grams of protein a day.

We need to hit 48 grams of fat. We need to hit 280 grams of carbs. Um, I am not worried about these calories anymore.

I simply focus on just these now, uh, just to let you know of like how I process this. Um, but now we need to actually do something with that. Cause how do we track that?

So what I recommend is my fitness pal. Um, you can download the app on your phone and, or you can go online. I recommend downloading the app on your phone to track this and then use, um, and then obviously if you need to make changes to your profile, you can do it in the app or online.

Uh, so create your account and stuff, download the app, create your account and stuff. And then I'm simply just going to show it to you guys by using the website just to make it easier, uh, to record it. Um, so I'm simply going to go right here to goals and then daily nutrition goals right here.

I'm going to edit that. And obviously some of you guys may not have that. And also too, I think if you do not have the premium version, you can't set it by grams.

You have to set as a percentage. Uh, so just do your best. So like, let's just say for example, I need 280.

Um, first thing you want to do is want to type in your calories. Boom. Uh, it's 21 80.

Do, do, do, do, do. And then for, let's do fats first. I'm on 20% of my calories and fats, uh, protein actually can bring it down a little bit.

So like right there, 25% is too little 30% is too high, but I'd rather make sure I get my protein in. So I'll just do that a little bit higher and then boom, there we go. So that's pretty damn close.

If you have to set up our percentage and that's okay. It's okay. If you have to, you know, if it's not perfect.

Um, but for, since I do have a premium version, I will just cheat and type in everything like I need it to be a premiums $10 a month. So, um, and you can quit it anytime you need. So if you do want to do it just for this video or just for the next 90 days, that's perfectly fine.

Um, save changes and there we go. Now we have our calories set up. Um, yeah.

So that's it. That's how you set up your calories and stuff. And then I'm going to create another video of actually maybe like logging in and they like eating and stuff and logging in my food goals and stuff.

So, but yeah, that's how you set up your calories and stuff. And then now what you can do is the rest of your day, uh, you want to track your food you eat and hit those goals on a day to day basis. Hope you guys enjoyed that video tutorial, uh, showing you how I set up my macros.

I actually did set this up yesterday and I wanted to add to that because a lot of you are like, all right, so you set up your macros and then what? Uh, especially since we're at maintenance calories. What I do is I'll drop those macros over time.

So I'm not going to talk to you guys yet because I need to explain it and it's just going to make this video really long, but I will create another video probably next week of how to actually drop the macros. Essentially what I do is I'll just subtract 500 calories, uh, from the total goal and reduce some carbs and fats, uh, which will equivalent the 500 calories. So, um, again, I'm making a video next week explaining that in depth because right now I just want to do maintenance calories because a it's still eating less than what I have been eating fast food, et cetera.

So I just want to kind of maintain the body weight I have now and I'm going to lose weight anyway because I'm doing cardio. Um, so that's going to put me in a little bit of a deficit. And right now I'm just trying to build up the habit of eating clean, uh, eating good food and I'm going to slowly start tapering those calories down.

We start with them September 18th. Today's April 9th or April 8th. And like I said, we just crossed over that $1 million marks with $312,000.

Alrighty guys. So I just finished up one of the first video pitches. I have one more to do today.

Uh, like I said, this is a really good way to establish credibility and authority in front of the client because a, um, I'm leading with value. So I'm already building some trust with the prospect and stuff. Second, I'm showing them results and stuff, showing that I'm a real person, uh, just building up some credibility and some authority in their face.

Also too, I'm showing them a proven strategy. So again, it just further instills in their brain that I know my shit, I'm good. I can get results and stuff.

And so put me way higher on the level of closing a deal versus just, Hey, can we help on a call? I want to talk to you about Facebook ads and just doing the typical email marketing stuff. So I did have to do a lot of thinking before this.

Um, it kind of went over my ad audit because I used to, this is actually the first one I've ever done for a clothing brand. And I'm now I'm starting to specialize with just clothing brands. Um, but I used to do a lot of these for like personal brands and stuff.

And I never really had my own unique strategy. I simply copied my mentor, Jeremy Haynes and his strategy. So now I felt really good to actually have my own unique approach to this, um, and really showing people and delivering people value.

So I think the biggest thing for me of when you're creating one of these ad audits, as you need to show them that you understand their current situation. A lot of these clothing brands, they're struggling to scale, um, their ads. They're struggling with maybe an agency that does not know their shit in terms of clothing brands.

They also were having issues with, um, you know, inconsistent results, maybe working with a bunch of influencers and stuff. They get a big, huge gap like this in sales because one influencer shouts them out. They get a bunch of sales and then they, they die off for a few days.

So I need a consistent way to scale. They want speed. They want low costs.

Um, so that's all things I want to show to the client that I understand their current situation and that, Hey, I can get results for you by showing them proof and actual results and stuff of other clients I've generated for. So that further establish the minds that, Hey, they understand my situation. They can get me results.

Now, how do they do it? What makes them different? And this is where I'm showing them my strategy and stuff.

I have all my sheets nicely, uh, print, you know, looked over and stuff. So that way it further instills them. I'm professional and stuff.

Uh, and then the next thing is just like, Hey, when can we get started? Or, you know, what's your price point or, you know, how fast do we get results? So I acknowledge all those as well in the video pitch.

And, um, once you establish all that, that's going to put you way higher in a person's mind of how much they respect to you, how much their, how much value they're going to give to you as if you put all this value into them, they're more open to how I'm going to call with you, uh, and further talking with you. So, um, I got one more of these to create and then I think we're going to eat. I'm going to get some ground beef to cook.

Uh, and then we're going to jump into a nice little workout. All right, you guys, we're about to cook our, I don't know. I'm just thinking guys, so if we were going to cook some ground beef real quick, I got some 96, four ground beef that have been the frosting over night.

So I'm going to cook that real quick. Honestly, I just come there and do 96, four. I'll leave some rice with it.

I keep it pretty simple. Let's see. Show you guys what I did.

Uh, basically put six ounces of ground beef in here. Avocado cut on top, 112 grams of avocado. Uh, below all this, there is some rice.

There's one cup of jasmine rice. Um, and even further down there, there is some asparagus. So it's a nice little meal I love to do.

And then what I'm going to do is after this, I'm going to sit down now, watch a little Netflix. Just a little bit, just a little bit. And then we're going to get some more work done.

Then we're going to jump into a shoulder day today. And then after that, we're, I think we should probably be finished around 530 or 5, hopefully 430. Uh, we're going to go to Kennedy's and we're actually going to hopefully get the car wash today because it is horrible right now.

How bad it is. Hey guys. It's actually been quite a bit of time since I've recorded.

Uh, did end up recording my workout today. And that was just because, uh, my brother was also working out. Just already a tight space.

So I kind of just kind of got in the corner and did a few shoulder exercises today. And I also hit a 20 minute cardio session. Um, then after that, I went over to Kennedy's, uh, spent some time with her.

I got a car, quashed my car. So that felt pretty good. And, uh, now I'm back home.

It is currently 1. Let's see. It's like 1.

20 a.m. And I am sipping on a 3D. Not sure why right now.

My sleep schedule is absolutely fucked. I went to bed at 4 o'clock last night. Woke up at 8.

Tonight I'll probably go back at like 5, 6. I'll probably wake up at like 10. Um, honestly I'm in a super unhealthy sleep schedule this week.

I only get in like 4 hours tonight. That's because I've had so much work to be done this week. It's not just because I'm trying to, you know, work extra hours, grind, hustle.

It's just because I have a lot on my plate and I want to get it done. I do not recommend this little or less amount of sleep. Um, unless you're actually being productive for those hours.

So, uh, also got some for my last meal. I got some rice, some chicken, and some asparagus with a little bit of soy sauce and sriracha sauce. That's what it is.

So, now I'm going to edit this vlog. I need to send out, uh, write up a little bit of sales copy, uh, to email to my list for Taylor Solutions. Edit this video.

Obviously, I just said that. And, uh, I need to create a post on the Taylor Solutions LinkedIn, Taylor Solutions Facebook, and Taylor Solutions YouTube. So, I think what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to copy one of my, um, so basically like what I'm doing is I have my Nickterio YouTube channel.

Which I'm going to provide more, a higher level, um, empowerment content for all the areas of your life. And then the Taylor Solutions YouTube channel, Taylor Solutions social media is going to be more geared towards, hey, here's how to do better with Facebook ads. And here's how we do it.

Some more tutorials related directly towards Facebook ads. A little bit more further in-depth skill set. We'll be focusing on marketing and stuff for clothing brands, etc.

So, I need to get a post on those social medias, um, as I've been failing to do that. So, I'm going to go ahead and jump in that. I want to thank you guys so much for watching today's video.

Um, I think right now, we just need to keep maximizing our time like I'm doing right now. I am motivated. I am hungry.

Um, this is day two. Officially done. And I am not letting my foot off the pedal.

I want to make some massive amount of growth in all areas of my life for this series. And we'll see you guys tomorrow.