How do you actually scale Facebook ads? Yes, you know, there's a lot of different ways in the marketplace, but Nick, which way do you use, okay? And this is gonna be more of a tactical video, kind of going through a few different ways that I leverage and kind of what led me to the current way I do it.

I've done everything under the sun. So I'm really excited to kind of compare and contrast those and why I do what I do today. Before we get started, if you're questioning, why am I credible to be teaching this type of stuff?

I've done over $50 million in online sales with Facebook ads or any Facebook ads agency. If you click the link below, have Nick Terrio run your ads. You can book call me and my team.

We'll do a full ad account audit for you, go through your ad account, kind of pinpoint the things you need to work on and give that to you. You can take it and run with it or you have the opportunity to work with this if we think you're a good fit. I'll also coach and mentor students.

Just basically, everything that's taught in these videos, exactly the same thing, but it's a closer one-on-one to me to be like, hey, Nick, I love everything in your videos, but how do you actually apply it? That's where the mentor and inner circle comes in place. Also, click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Now, that being said, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So, how do you actually scale Facebook ads? Now, I'm going to assume that you have the creative in place.

Like, you're seeing really good performance. You have the creative, you have the copy, you have the messaging, all that's locked in place because 99% of the time, people don't have that shit in place. So, if you're not seeing the results, first off, if you're not seeing results right now, you're on the wrong video.

You need to go learn how to create good ads and you need to go learn how to create ads that convert. I have a four-part series that shows how to create Facebook ads that convert, advanced guide, where I take the whole book of breakthrough advertising, which has made me, every single dollar I've made online marketing, this book, you know, things like $500 just for this book. Take it, I break it apart into a five-part series to help you create some amazing Facebook ads, okay?

Go watch that video, go apply, go kill your performance, go watch my video, broad targeting times Facebook ads, and learn how I manage and run the ad account, everything like that, then come back to this video. Now, you know how to create ads, now you know how to manage an ad account, how to structure an ad account. Now, it's time to start scaling your Facebook ads, okay?

Now, it's actually quite funny because we've had this one particular ad account that we're working on right now where literally in January, they had a $77 cost per acquisition, okay? And they had a 1X on Facebook, 1.1, okay? Well, in February, we made them about $60,000 to $70,000 more in February, okay?

We've also cut their acquisition costs in half. Their acquisition costs went from $70,000 to $77,000, down to $35, getting them a 1.93X Facebook X Robust, okay? Now, overall, they did a 6.0 or 5.9X overall Robust, which is, you know, MER is what they call it, and that's total revenue for the store divided by total ad spend on Facebook, okay?

Really, really, really solid performance because they did almost $400,000 in revenue, okay? Now, that's just one of our clients, all right? And the reason why I share that with you is because the client was literally halfway through, like, Nick, you're not doing shit in ad account.

Like, what do you mean, okay? Like, one, we hired you because we wanted to scale. Like, you're on set to spend more than the last month and you're doing it at 50% less acquisition costs.

Well, what's the problem? Well, we thought you had to do more in the ad account to scale. And that's where the biggest lie is at because when we scale an ad account, we literally use one campaign.

And now, if we're running in multiple countries, we'll do one campaign per country. If we're targeting different personas, like women's clothing and men's clothing, we'll have a campaign for each one of those. But most of the time, if we're just shooting or advertising one or two products and one persona in one country, we're just doing one campaign, okay?

It's not fancy at all. And it's a CBO campaign. And guess what?

We're either raising that budget or lowering that budget. That's it. It's stupid, simple.

Super, super, super simple, okay? Why do we do that? Because simple scales, okay?

And I've tried everything under the sun, okay? I'm gonna go over all those ways in a couple of seconds, okay? But this is what works.

And we've been doing this for over a year and a half. And it wasn't until we stopped chasing all these good grasses, greener on the other side, ways to run Facebook ads and just start focusing on this particular way. We've been able to 10X the performance for our clients.

We upped one account, literally go from $1,000 a day to spend to $15,000 a day in spend at a 5X ROAS. The case study I just shared with you just now, we've had another one of our men's clothing brand clients where we literally took them from 200K a month to now they're on track to doing a million dollars a month in 2023. We've had accounts that we literally went from $100 a day to $100,000 a day in ad spend by following this specific method, okay?

Now, look, again, it's not sexy at all. It's super, super simple. So what we do is we basically go ahead and we keep track in a Google Sheet, like literally just go create a Google Sheet right now, put the date in one column, okay?

Put your Shopify sales, okay? So let's say for example, yesterday you did, you know, $5,000, okay? In revenue, okay?

Boom, you're recording that, okay? Now, put Facebook ads, man, Google ads, man, TikTok ads, man, if you're on those, or if you're just on Facebook, just put Facebook ads, man, okay? Hey, yesterday I did $5,000 in sales with $2,000 or $2,500 a day in ad spend on Facebook, okay?

Now, very simple, in Google Sheets, it's easy to create a divide function and the next column over and do what's called MER. MER is marketing efficiency ratio, I think it's called, okay? And just divide revenue by ad spend, okay?

And you're gonna get your overall MER. So $5,000 in revenue divided by $2,500 in ad spend, that's a 2X, 2.00, okay? Now, every client is different.

We have some clients crushing a 5X. We have some clients that's crushing almost a 6X. We have some clients that's doing a 2X.

We have some clients doing a 3X, okay? Everyone is different because everyone has very different profit goals and everyone has very different, you know, goals and objectives with the business, okay? We have one client that's literally losing money year over year because he has so much investor money and he's also using subscription revenue.

So his objective is just to build up as much subscription revenue as possible in the shortest amount of time, turn off ads one day and then just make straight profit for a few years. That's it, okay? So every business is built different, okay?

Some businesses need to be profitable when they won. Some businesses can be profitable years down the line. It also depends on the client's financial situation.

We work with some clients that just have millions of dollars in a bank account. They're super rich and they're building businesses as investment, long-term investment funds, okay? Every account is different, okay?

So the reason why I say that is because don't get hung up on, oh, a 2X robust, I need a 3, okay? Some accounts we work on, we need a 6 because they're not profitable at a 3, okay? Every account's different.

You have to do your numbers to figure that out, okay? So anyway, get your Google Sheet set up exactly how I just shared with you. If you also scrub my YouTube channel, I have a thing called MER and I give you that Google Sheet for free, but it's so simple just to create one really quick.

It's something fancy. Now, next thing, all right? What I like to do is I like to look at the last three days data, but the average, okay?

So over the last three days, like let's say for example today, okay? Today's Tuesday, okay? Or Thursday, okay?

I'm gonna look at the last three-day average of Wednesday, Tuesday, and Monday. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, it's the last three days. I'm gonna look at the average, okay?

Of my revenue, my spend, and most importantly, my MER, okay? So over the last three days, my MER, let's say for example, is 2.5, okay? All right, add 2.5, that's it.

Now, your objective here is to understand what MER is the most efficient for your business, okay? Again, some need six, some need two, some need three, some need 3.5, some need a 2.1, some need a 2.3. Just you need to know which one is the most efficient for you, okay?

Yes, 10X would be cool, but it's just not realistic, okay? And also too, yeah, 10X is cool if you wanna spend $10 a day, but if you wanna spend a couple thousand dollars a day, you need to be more lower, okay? Typically, I see anywhere from a 2.5 to a 4 is really great for a business, okay?

You need to understand, you need to run your numbers to figure out what's the best for you, okay? But let's just say, for example, a 2.5 is the best for you, okay? You need to draw a line in the sand, all right?

Last three-day average, 2.5, okay? All right? And what number do I need to hit?

2.5 or higher, okay? What does that mean? Increase spend today by 20%.

Boom, I'm increased by 20%. I'm not even gonna think about it in an emotional level. Oh, well, normally Thursdays are kind of bad for me, so I'm not gonna increase spend today.

Or maybe things have been going good. Let's stop spending, okay? These are all limiting beliefs in your mind that from an emotional level affect your ability to make money in the ad account.

This is why we take a lot of client situations and turn them up around because they're so emotionally tied to the ad account because it's a direct reflection of their bank account. Then when we come in and we have pretty strong, reinforced money-making beliefs and we add them to the ad account, they make significantly more money because now we're making things from a logical level and we're not making things from an emotional level. Emotional emotions in media buying is a quick way to get burned and for your ad account just to crash and die, okay?

Do not make emotional decisions in the ad account. Everything is data-based, okay? So for us, last three-day average, if it's 2.5 or higher, we scale by 20%.

Assuming 2.5 is your line in the sand of which you scale or decrease, okay? Now, let's say the last three-day average was a 2.49, all right? From a logical standpoint, it's below 2.5, so we're gonna decrease spend by 20%, okay?

Now, because we use an ad account structure where it's typically just one campaign, all right, it's easy for me just to go increase or decrease that campaign in a CBO budget, boom, that's it. Go in that account, raise 20%, boom, or lower by 20%, boom. Super easy, I'm in and out, I'm done.

That's it, okay? Now, that's simply how we do it and every day, we look at the last three-day average, okay? So Friday, I'm gonna look at the last three-day average which is Thursday, Wednesday, and Tuesday, all right?

Is it above 2.5 or lower than 2.5? It's above 2.5, so we're gonna increase budget again by 20%, all right? I can care less about yesterday's performance.

I'm looking at the last three-day average performance, okay? That's how we do it, and we do this every day we look at the last three-day average. So number one, draw a line in the sand.

At what specific MER, which is your overall revenue divided by your overall spin, or are you making budget adjustments, okay? So you need to, first off, you need to figure that out, okay, and you need to be very specific. Don't just say a two, don't just say a three.

It needs to be 3.15 or 3.56 or 4.50. It needs to be very specific. So that way, if it's above, increase.

If it's below, decrease, all right? And your objective is to end the whole month at that particular MER, okay? Simple as that.

So that way, when you're crushing like a 5X ROAS and you only want a three, you can spin and push, you know, keep pushing adsmen and keep acquiring new customers that's gonna serve you down the line, okay? Now, this is what works for us. We've been doing this for a year and a half now.

We haven't touched a single other scaling method. We use seven-day click, one-day view attribution. We use CBO.

Watch my video, broad targeting times dynamic ads. It shows you the ad account setup. It shows you how to set up everything.

It's all very straightforward. We use auto, max conversions, whatever. Like, I don't care.

I don't do that little thing that says like max buyers, robots. I just do auto bid, things like that. I do all that.

I keep it super, super simple. Because of how simple we keep it, we can easily keep doing it over a long period of time. Now, I've tried everything, okay?

I just wanna make sure you're aware of that. I've done the, you know, my first scaling method was duplicating campaigns, okay? Find a campaign doing well at $100 today.

Let's duplicate and do $200 today. Then duplicate doing $400 today. I've done that.

Let's say, for example, another one was doing, you know, well, that was the biggest one right there. So just duplicating campaigns. Another one was taking like the same ad set and duplicating it five times in a CBO and like pushing a bunch of spin on that.

Another one was you found a winning ad, break an individual campaign out just for that one ad and just keep pushing it up. That was another way to do it. Quite a few different scaling methods out there.

It was bid cap targeting, that was target CPA, all of these crazy different methods. And guess what? The one that once we finally stuck to it and just said, hey, I don't care what anyone else is preaching.

I don't care what anyone's talking about. I'm only sticking with this one method. And it's allowed us to stay, we stayed with it for a year and a half and our client results have tremendously exploded.

And they're super happy with us. And honestly, if I would have never made that decision, I would not be making this video today talking about this. And I would not have the success I've had with my clients for the last year due to that.

Okay. Now, one objection to the 20% every day. Okay.

Well, first things first is, is 20% every day too much? No, it's not. Even Facebook recommends nothing over 20%.

So 20% is the absolute limit. Okay. Well, Nick, what about 10%?

What about 5%? I don't know. I personally love 20%.

That's the method we stuck with and committed to and drew the line in the sand that this particular ROAS, again, every brand has a different MER. So you first off, you'll figure out what MER you want. Draw a line of sand.

If it's above this, I'm increasing. If it's below this, I'm decreasing by 20%. Simple as that.

Okay. Last three day average for everything to make your decision. So today I'm looking at just Thursday.

I'm looking at Wednesday, Tuesday, and Monday. Tomorrow, Friday, I'm looking at the average over Thursday, Wednesday, and Tuesday. Saturday, I'm looking at the average over Friday, Thursday, Wednesday.

Okay. Very simple. All right.

I'm looking at the last three day average every day to make my decision to increase or decrease. Okay. By 20%.

So a couple other things. Nick, what about learning phase? Stuff like that.

I don't know. I don't care. I do 20%.

Okay. Next thing is Nick, 20% every day is really slow. Aha.

That's the biggest one I get when I say 20%. Okay. Let's say for example, in a perfect world.

Okay. In a very perfect world that on day one, maybe it's the first of the month, March 1st, because it is March when I'm posting this video. March 1st in a perfect world, you start a campaign at $100 a day.

Okay. And for 30 days straight, you just keep having amazing performance. Okay.

So you keep increasing every day for 30 days. You increase your budget by 20%. Okay.

You start off at $100 a day budget. On day 30, assuming you have perfect performance over 30 days and you're increasing by 20% every day, your starting budget of $100 will turn into $27,000. Okay.

Slow? I do not think so. All right.

The problem is, is the mental mindset of a lot of you guys that are so hungry to make cash. You start seeing all these quick ways people are scaling. I've had this maybe once in a lifetime luck and success that you fail with it because you're so eager to scale and you keep blowing money.

All right. There's a thing that one of my mentors have told me, you know, slow is fast. Fast is slow.

If you keep trying to hurry up and rush the process and rush scaling and you keep burning your ships, you're actually going to spend a lot more time over a period of time trying to scale and getting nowhere than just taking it slow. You're going to actually scale significantly faster by taking it slow. Again, 30 days, 20% every day, $100 a day budget will turn to $27,000.

Okay. That's not slow. Please show me that because I would love to see the case study if you do that.

All right. I've scaled up an ad account. Literally on day one, we started at $300 today.

We kept increasing, decreasing, increasing, decreasing based off performance, you know, like a ship, you know, when the waters got rough, we pulled back. When the waters were good, we kept scaling. Okay.

We got all the way up to $100,000 in a day and I literally have that on the case study on this YouTube channel. I'll show you everything. Again, just go look up on YouTube channel, $100,000 in a day on Facebook ads.

I'll give you all of that. So guys, really hope y'all enjoyed this video. Again, draw a line in the sand.

All right. My MER, which is total Shopify revenue divided by total ad spend across Facebook, TikTok, Google, Pinterest, whatever you're spending on. Maybe it's just Facebook.

A lot of you guys are just spending on Facebook here. All right. Cool.

And I'm either increasing or decreasing based off the last three days of performance, but the average over the last three days of performance. Okay. I don't care if you had a bad day yesterday.

If you had a terrible day yesterday, but your overall MER for the last three days was still above your line of the sand, increase that bitch by 20%. Okay. All right.

I don't care if you had an amazing day yesterday, but your last three day average was terrible. Then still decrease. Anyway, take all the motions out of scaling because that's what destroys ad accounts is emotional media buying.

Okay. You do a lot of videos on emotional media buying. I, cause I went through it all and I overcame it.

When I overcame it, I've made more money and success for our clients. So guys, really hope you enjoyed this video. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.