Welcome to part three of how to build Facebook ads that convert in 2023 advanced guide. Again, this is no beginner's guide. This is for advanced people who already been running Facebook ads and are already creating creatives and want to learn how to improve their ad making process to essentially create better ads, scale revenues and hit new revenue goals within the business.

Again, I've spent the last two years studying breakthrough advertising, becoming a master of this book and implementing it across our client accounts. And I've done over $50 million in online revenue and Facebook ads. And I'm looking to actually be able to help you guys learn and how to implement that into your business.

And that is what this video series is for. So welcome to part three. There may be a potential for, I'll let you guys know.

It just depends on how much more I get through the slide deck in that case right there. So before we get started, again, my name is Nick Terrio. I run a Facebook ads agency.

I also mentor students. Click below. I have one that says, have Nick Terrio run your ads, where if you're looking for me to come on to your business and run all your ads for you.

Then I have another one, have Nick Terrio mentor you, where if you're looking at all these cool things that showcase some videos and you're looking for more guidance and help on how to implement that into your business, then click that link as well to learn more about my mentorship program. Before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, and let's get started. So in the last video, we talked about desire and we talked about how to actually articulate desire in the ad.

And then we talked about identification and how you're also selling people a person they want to become. Okay. So now we're going to talk about belief.

Okay. Belief is that third key thing that your ad must appeal to or someone to buy. Okay.

So belief, again, it creates certainty through fusion of thought plus emotion. So you're taking thoughts and you're tying it to emotion. And one of the biggest things that we talk about with belief is that you cannot violate a present belief in the prospect's mind.

Okay. So for example, if I have a negative belief around Facebook ads, I need to first address that negative belief in the market, and then I can sell the new product or the new whatever I'm trying to position to them. Okay.

So you first need to overcome the belief before you can sell them to whatever or introduce anything new. Okay. Ultimately, what you want to do is you want to build a bridge of belief as well from the, um, you know, to the ultimate facts that prospect must believe if he or she is to accept your claims.

So another objective of belief is that not only do you need to overcome any beliefs, but you also need to create belief that your product will be the best thing to satisfy their desire. Again, desire is what ultimately goes ahead and, um, create your market. Okay.

So I need to tie in that, Hey, your desire. Hey, Nick, your desire to grow your business can be fulfilled through our product. Okay.

And here's all the facts and statements about it to give you that belief. That's going to create that certainty that you'll buy into our product. Okay.

It's also going to dictate the structure of your ad. For example, we have this one particular client where we sell ambulance insurance. Okay.

And we cannot state, Hey, here's ambulance insurance. If you fear calling an ambulance, boom, because people have a belief their health insurance will take that. So we have to first point out that the health insurance is the problem.

Here's why that health insurance is the problem. Then don't fear call an ambulance. Here's our product.

Okay. We first have to overcome that belief before we can position our product in a statement. Okay.

So I'm going to go over five different ways to increase belief as well. This ain't really going to go around any like false beliefs, but it will go around how to increase beliefs. Okay.

Now, these are all things that we deploy. Again, there's not one key way. Like you don't need to deploy all five of these.

You pick the one that you feel like is going to be the best for your ad and you're going to test it and go with it. Okay. So first is the inclusion question.

This is where your shows you're talking about the prospect and not anyone else. Okay. This will create a flow of yeses that puts them in the yes answer group.

Okay. If you can get people to say yes a couple of times and start nodding in agreement with the things you're saying, ultimately that's going to allow trust and it's going to start allowing for a fact of that. Hey, I believe this guy.

Okay. Then you can ask questions directly related to them and only they would relate to it to. Okay.

So do you find it increasingly difficult to run your Facebook ads? Do you find that you don't normally get winning ads in your ad account? Do you find that broad targeting is still not working for you?

Do you find that you're doing, you do you feel like you're doing everything you possibly can right now and just not getting the results to accept it? If you said yes to all that, this is likely because you are not leveraging ad creative psychology or psychology based ad creatives. Okay.

The reason why, see what I did there? I started getting you agreement. Sorry, green, green, green, green, green.

And because of that, you're like five times. You're like, holy shit. This guy knows me.

This guy knows my answers. He knows what I, he knows what I'm feeling. And then I introduced a solution.

And because I knew your, your problem basically so much that you got, you were not in agreement and then my, even a solution, you almost couldn't believe it. And that, Hey, this dude knows some shit. Let's see what he got.

That's basically what the inclusion question is. You'll see this pretty often as well. This is also a great way to make people, uh, from unaware to problem aware.

That case right there, just kind of talking about different things that got going on and then making them problem aware by, well, if this is the re if you said, yes, all this, that means you have, you know, bad Facebook ad creatives. I'm probably right now how to improve bad Facebook creatives and then, you know, go down the line. Now, next one is a detailed identification.

Okay. So instead of asking questions to set up your yes train, you detail symptoms or problem, your prospects reasons for desiring your product. Okay.

I find this pretty hard. I'm finding this pretty close to the yes train, but I'll give you an example in a second. It creates the, have been there for yourself.

Thus I must trust your recommendations. You must know enough about the reader's problems to make every word you write believable. Okay.

So that's another key thing here. All of this, you have to do your research to get this. Okay.

So, um, let me explain, you know, I've been running for Facebook ads for five years and I've been seeing so much content on YouTube around Facebook ads. You know, I was watching video after video and you know, I just felt like all these gurus had it figured out. And I just, I couldn't understand why I couldn't figure it out.

Okay. I'd buy course after course, just honestly feeling left empty, like just, I really did not get the value I expected from that course in that case. And it ultimately led me to a point of, of not knowing what to do.

It left me to a point that was just like, is this for me? It may be, maybe I'm in the wrong field, you know, but I didn't give up and I kept going. I kept going.

Um, I finally started to actually figure out the mentors and the things I needed to do to be able to get there. And then, you know, I found this one secret to success though. I found this one key secret Facebook ads I've been missing out on the whole time.

Okay. And that key secret is psychology based creatives. So you see how I'm telling something from my experience, my experience through all of this, and then ultimately to what concluded to me, to the, to what I needed to do.

Uh, you know, my big breakthrough in that case right there. So again, if you felt the same way as me and then led me to the point of, oh, wait, I agree with you, Nick. Yeah.

I want that too. Like, wow, you've been there too. Me too.

Holy shit. What'd you do to fix it? Psychology based creatives.

So now it's more me talking to you and identifying with you versus this is more calling people out on the market. Okay. Now, next one contradiction of present false beliefs.

Okay. This is basically bluntly saying, I know you think this is true, but I'm going to show you it's false. Best use for strong authority, strong enough to contradict present false beliefs.

You're saying that the old limitations are passing and your next paragraph should be your first introduction of positive claims. Okay. So I guess I'm belief in the market right now is that broad targeting doesn't work.

Okay. Um, so I have some level of authority in the market right now for Facebook ads. I'm not saying I have super high authority, but I have some level of authority.

So I can contradict your present, your false beliefs that broad targeting doesn't work by saying I spent $10 million on broad targeting and made back $40 million. But what now I'm contradiction, your, your present belief by adding authority to it between a social proof aspect. And also to the fact that I said it, and I have some level of authority in the market.

Okay. This is something really good use for like, you know, maybe a doctor is calling on a specific thing in the market. But just, just imagine like you and a buddy fighting over something.

And then you call someone who like actually knows the fuck they're talking about. And it's like, Hey, no, he's right. And you're both going to agree because you know, he's talking about his shit.

That's right. Okay. Now the language of logic, um, I'm not going to lie.

This is probably one that's a little harder to articulate, but it's basically just adding logical things behind every statement you make. That's as easy as I can say that. So let me say, for example, broad targeting has been a tremendous success in our business.

Okay. I'm making a statement. All right.

Now, how do I believe, how do I build belief off that statement? It's true. Well, it has been proved in thousands of our ad accounts or hundreds of our ad accounts.

We've spent over $10 million on that, blah, blah, blah, made back X million. And it's been a humongous game changer in increasing the growth potential and stuff like that we can in our business. Okay.

So it's just how we're talking about things, but just all I got to say is it adds a level of logic of why it works and proof that that statement works in that case right there. So now the last one is silly logic thinking. I can't even say it.

I'll be completely honest with you. I like to call it systematic thinking. That's what I like to call it.

But basically the way this works is, is you're just stating facts. You're stating facts that ultimately help people lead to conclusions. Okay.

I can give you an example, but honestly, I think this is probably one of the best examples right here where it says your car runs because gasoline is fed into the cylinders where a spark calls it to fire. That's a fact. Just how it works.

This action causes the gas to explode. Again, fact, we know that this explosion pushes down the piston. Agreed.

Now here's the important thing to you. The larger the spark is, the more powerful the explosion. You see, we can agree with that because of how they're explaining it.

Okay. The more powerful the explosion, the more power you get from your gasoline. I agree with that.

See, we're just stating facts in that sense right there. Now a poor explosion means wasted gas, lost of power. I can agree with that because of the above statements.

Poor getaway, bad starting, a sluggish car. I agree. Good explosion means more miles per gallon, more horsepower, a more exciting car to drive.

I agree. So now they're pre-framing me to sell me their spark plugs. That's what just had sales to sell spark plugs.

Okay. Just to give you guys an example right there. So that's silly logic thinking.

Like I said, I like to call that more systematic thinking. Okay. So that's belief.

And I want to just quickly recap real quick before we go to the next part right here, where the next part, we're going to talk more about the enhancing techniques. And that is that we talked about the three dimensions of prospects mental world. We talked about desires, identification, and belief.

Okay. So these are the key things that our ad has to appeal to. Now that's the overall appeal.

Now, you know, we've looked at the beginning of the ad. We've looked at the overall key things that we need to look at and build within the ad. Now we're going to talk about the enhancing techniques.

Okay. Enhancing techniques are simply things we can deploy within the ad to improve the performance of it, improve the power of it. You know, ultimately just going to make you more money at the end of the day.

So let's go back down and let's go over these enhancing techniques. And we're going to go over four key enhancing techniques as redefinition, mechanization, concentration, and camouflage. Okay.

Four particular enhancing techniques. We'll get through probably redefinition right now. And then in part four, we'll go over mechanization, concentration, and camouflage.

Okay. So redefinition. All right.

So redefinition is simply going and addressing the three reasons people don't buy. So there's three key reasons why people don't buy. It's for every product, every service, everything across the market.

And that is number one, you have an overly complex product. Number two, your product is not important enough. And number three, it costs too much.

Okay. So there's the three reasons people don't buy. Your product might have all three or your product might only have one.

Okay. And what you simply want to do is want to give a new definition to your product before your prospect even knows a roadblock exists. So your objective in advertising is to always overcome objections before people realize it's an objection.

All right. That's how you make more powerful advertising. Okay.

So number one is simplification. It's again, when you have a complex product. Okay.

So you want to replace an overly complex image of the product with a more favorable one. Okay. Whenever there's a process, which is difficult, hard to use product, your first job is to simplify the use in your prospect's mind.

Okay. Complicated becomes simple and hard becomes easy. I'll give you guys a brand to look at.

It's called Rose Skin Co. Rose Skin Co. They sell these IPL laser handset removal tools and they make it look so easy in the ad to use the product.

Okay. They simplified the use for the product. Okay.

Because they understood that at home laser removal just sounds really scary. It sounds very hard, but they knew if they would just showcase how easy it was to use and how effortlessly you can get results at home. They simplified how the product is perceived, which increases the amount of people that want to buy their products.

Okay. So really good tactic here. A lot of times a confused mind will always say no.

So if someone's confused about your product, confused about how it, you know, works and things like that. And, you know, confused also too by how, maybe how hard it is to work with, then simplification is a great way to deploy to make your product simple and easy to use. Now, the next one is escalation.

Okay. When a product does not have an appeal broad enough for mass market or not important enough. So let's say, for example, you know, I'll give you a real life example.

One of our products, it's a metal infinity sign. We're selling metal wall art. Okay.

And essentially what we did here is the product did not have a strong enough appeal. Okay. We were pushing just this metal sign out to the market.

Hey, customize your name, your text. Boom. And we just could never crack like $500 today, $1,000 today.

Okay. So what I did was, is I needed to figure out how I can make this product more important. So what I did was, is I rewrote the ad, rewrote the ad.

And I said, when was the last time you surprised your sweetheart? Question mark. Give her this beautiful custom infinity sign to show you, show, you know, a sign of your love.

So now all of a sudden I called out a very specific problem they had, which was, hey, many guys probably forget to surprise their sweetheart. Probably haven't gifted her anything in a while special. So let's give her like create that problem in a way to create more demand for the product.

And then, you know, we focused on a, you know, a bigger mass market appeal, mass market desire, which ultimately positioned the product better. And we were to scale up to like four or five, $10,000 a day in revenue by simply just changing that. Very, very little.

All I did was escalation in that case. So how can you give more importance in your prospect size? How can you redefine the benefits of the product to give more sales appeal?

And how will it be used, needed all the time in the prospect's life? So you can extend the benefits the product has. You can also extend the amount of time people use it.

So that metal infinity sign, one of the benefits is, you know, surprise your sweetheart. Give her a sign to show your true love. But that's only going to show that particular moment.

But how does those benefits look over time? Think about every time you guys walk at home and see this beautiful piece to remind yourself of how much you love that person. Imagine every time you have people coming over and they see this, you know, conversation setter.

In that case right there, conversation talker. And just ultimately, you know, how it can, you know, you can post on social media about it and all the likes and comments we get on it. Like I'm just showing off how long this product will also benefit them.

Okay, so extend the amount of time the product will benefit them. That's also something else really good to look at. Now, next one is price reduction.

Okay, in price reduction, this is simply where your product is too expensive. Okay, when your product becomes too expensive, a lot of people think that it's, oh, I need to lower my price. The problem with your product being too expensive is they're comparing it to the wrong things.

Okay, you need to compare your product to a more expensive standard. Okay, and I'm actually going to kind of pull up a website really quick for you guys because I really want to show you this because I think this is probably one of the best examples ever in the world for this is Jackson. And Jackson does an amazing job with here.

So Jackson sells about $159, you know, Cuban link chain. I have one. Love it.

Very good quality and everything like that. But they don't compare it to a $50 Amazon chain. They compare it to a $400 estimated retail chain.

And they even showcase how they can charge less and how actually you're getting a really good discount because you're not paying $400, you're paying $159. And here's the reason why. So they're comparing it to a more expensive standard.

Rose Skin Co., the laser at home IPL, they're comparing it to saving money from driving to laser appointments. From a thousand you'll spend on laser appointments, they're comparing it to a more expensive standard. They're not saying, hey, a razor costs 50 cents, ours costs $300.

You know, yeah. They're saying you're going to save money by not spending it on this. So this is a quite frankly, a big problem I see a lot of people have where their own mindset of scarcity around money is making them seem like their product is more expensive than actually is.

Okay. So you need to address this by showing the more expensive standards across the market and how your product is cheaper than those more expensive standards and how your product can do better performance in that case. Also, another good way is I think of the man in the halfway shirt ad, the man in the halfway shirt ad.

What they did was is they showcase how just much value is in this ad and how you're getting in this shirt and how you're getting an amazing deal. Okay. Let me explain.

What they do is they showcase how the man in halfway shirt, they showcase how this particular shirt has cotton in it. That this cotton is only formed in like a very rare place in the world. It can only be harvested maybe three or four months out the year and 50% of it is thrown away to improve, you know, just to make sure it's the perfect cotton in the world.

Okay. Just as cotton alone can be worth hundreds of dollars, but it's put carefully packaged into our shirts to make the most comfortable shirt you'll ever wear for literally only $60 for the shirt. So you see right there, I improved the value of the, you know, the comparing it to the products we use and how cheap it, the shirt is relative to that.

Okay. Also, I really like to go into the making of and everything like that. I really saw this with a Johnny Walker blue label.

That's one of like my higher end scotch whiskeys. I like to drink. And they talk about how a couple barrels they throw away a year because it doesn't even meet the standard.

And how long, like maybe one out of like three or four bottles meets the standard. And that's why it's so expensive. So rare.

And it's so hard to find. Okay. But that ultimately makes it seem less expensive because like, wow, they really go through all that and similarly priced out calls are worth thousands compared to that.

So, um, yeah, price reduction. So, you know, people don't buy from one of these three reasons. And that is overly complex product, not important enough, or it costs too much.

And it's your objective to handle these objections in the ad before they become objections. So handle these first. And then that way people don't even think about these as objections.

Okay. So that is redefinition. And in the next video, we'll talk about mechanization, concentration, and camouflage just because we don't really have enough time.

So there will be a part four. So look in the comments below for part one, part two, and then part four as well. When it uploads, make sure this video gets 50 likes for the next upload.

And I'll see you guys later. Make sure I click the links below as well. If you want to like actively have me come and deploy this into your business and help you rerun all your ads and all that stuff and actively run ads that convert at the end of the day, then ultimately just click link below.

Have Nick Terrio run your ads. If you're looking for more of, you know, me coming in and coaching you in that case right there, and you don't want me to like run your ads yourself, click link below that says have Nick Terrio mentor you. I'll actually coach you and everything like that in that case right there.

So thank you all for watching. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.