This book has allowed me to generate over $30 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. Yes, this is Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Swartz. It is the godfather of copywriting books.

And trust me, pick this up, read it 10 times, and you'll be close to kind of like where I'm at on the marketing sphere, because this book is absolutely amazing. And in today's video, I wanna actually break down the process of which we got from this book that's allowed us to be able to position and write headlines in a way that grabs people's attention, but not just people's attention, our ideal customer's attention in the most efficient way. So today, go over how to write Facebook ad hooks and headlines the correct way.

If you're new to the channel, don't know who I am, my name is Nick Terrio. I run an e-com growth agency. And if you like what we do, click the link below, book call with me and my team.

We'll go through and deploy a strategy together for you, and you can take that and run with it, or you have the opportunity to work with us if you choose. I have nothing to sell you guys, courses or anything like that. Literally make these videos at full transparency for you guys to take action on and help you guys grow your business to the point where one day you'll be fed up trying to do this yourself, and you'll just be, you know, wanna work with us for, you know, better time on your side.

So with that being said, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So how to write Facebook ad hooks and headlines the correct way. So the first thing that your job as a copywriter is to identify the mass desires of the market, okay?

Now, a desire is a motivator for why people purchase an item, okay? So give you, I don't know, an example, okay? I had a desire to go to the store to purchase some new clothing, some pretty nice clothing in that aspect right there.

When I went on a trip recently to Miami to a mastermind because I wanted to look good, and, you know, I wanted to feel good, and I also wanted to look a little, you know, like I made a little money in that aspect right there because I was in a room full of six-figure and seven-figure earners right there. So that was the motivator for me. Desire is the same thing.

Motivation slash desire, this is, you know, what moves people to buy or take action on items, okay? Let's say, for example, someone is overweight and they have a desire to lose weight, okay? That's their desire.

They want to lose weight, okay? What's motivating them is to lose weight, okay? You know, there's other desires in that aspect right there.

Someone's overweight, they might want to also lose weight because they want to have better sex appeal, okay? That's a really big one right there. You know, maybe they're not getting the attention they want from the opposite sex and they want to lose weight to be able to have better sex appeal, okay?

That's a real desire and motivator, okay? So you're going to have many different desires across your market, okay? And it's your job is to identify all of them and then figure out what is the main two or three desires across your market that moves your market, okay?

So obviously for lose weight, there's many reasons why you want to lose weight. Maybe you want to lose weight for better sex appeal. Maybe you want to lose weight because you want to run a marathon.

What is the, is there a bigger mass desire across the market to lose weight to have better sex appeal? Or is there a bigger mass desire in the market to lose weight to run a marathon? Likelihood, there's going to be more people who want for sex appeal than to run a marathon, okay?

So it's your job to go ahead and identify these desires across the market to be able to leverage them in your copy, your creative, your headline. If you have this wrong, everything else you do next will not work. You have to get this right, okay?

And the way you do this, you talk to a lot of customers, you read a lot of reviews on your website, other people's website, like in terms of like competitors and stuff like that. You watch a lot of videos on your customer avatar, YouTube, Amazon listings, look at the reviews, positive and negative. Look at what's being pushed in copy and creative across other, in terms of like other, you know, competitors and stuff like that, and figure out the main desires that people are leveraging in this particular industry.

Also too, if you can hop on a phone and talk with customers, that's also not a really big impact right there. Try to talk to at least, you know, 50, 25 to 50 different customers and really dig deep into what's their main desires to market. So that's your job number one as a copywriter.

And again, if you have this wrong and you go against the grain, guess what? You will lose every single time. Next thing, what is the benefits of your product?

Okay? So you really need to take your product and study it and figure out all the benefits it contains. Okay?

So, hey, this is a, you know, diet drug right here or, you know, diet peel. What's all the benefits of it? Well, people can lose weight.

You know, that's just one. That's like the main benefit, honestly. But your goal is to identify all the benefits.

Yes, you can lose weight. Yes, it's a peel. So you don't have to, you know, take up crazy, like someone's nasty powders and stuff like that.

So that's like another benefit of it. Another benefit of it is it's just one peel whereas the competition is three pills a day. So things like that.

Look for the benefits of it and you want to figure out what desires across your market tap into that benefit. Okay? So like what I said, one of the benefits of taking this product is you'll lose weight.

Okay, great. Another benefit of it is it's just one pill a day versus the other side, three pairs a day. So the benefit of, I forgot what it is, you know, just for things are being easy to use.

That's right there. Another benefit is that it's, you know, no nasty powders. So for the people who have a desire of, you know, something that's just easy to use, again, it goes back to that.

So that's some of the benefits and you want to connect them to desires and then you want to figure out what of those benefits make up the mass desire. Okay? So we figured out that mass desire is actually to lose weight.

There's going to be a large amount of people in the world who want to lose weight and then there's versus maybe people who are losing weight right now with nasty powders. Now again, it's not wrong, just kind of tapping into a little bit bigger of an audience. Okay?

So we want to figure out the main desire, the market, and then we want to figure out what benefits tap into that main desire. And then we're going to focus on that benefit. Okay?

Give you guys an example. Okay? Back in whatever, 2000, 2005, whatever, when they had the iPhone, not the iPhone, the iPod, the MP3 player, you guys already know where I'm going with this, the 16 gigabytes versus 2000 songs in your pocket.

Okay? All they did was focus on one benefit that made up the mass desire of the market. The mass desire of the market was putting as much music into your product or like onto your device as you can.

Okay? So that was the desire of the market. So what they did was instead of 16 gigabytes, they did 2000 songs in your pocket.

Okay? They only focused on one benefit, but they focused on the main benefits that made up the market. Okay?

So in your ad, you should focus on one desire and one benefit. Okay? Test many different ads with each one testing a different benefit, each one testing a different desire to further do like a split test if you want.

Okay? And again, it's the main benefit of your product satisfying the mass desire of your market that provides the selling power of your ad. Okay?

And look, I still make this mistake sometimes too. If you try to cram too many benefits, try to cram too many desires in one ad, you will sell nothing. So you have to really focus on one and one.

Next thing, market awareness. So now that you have your desire, you have the main one or two benefits that you can use for your ad or main benefit you can use for your ad, you have your desire, main benefit. Now, we start looking at product positioning.

Okay? Product positioning is huge. Again, if you get this wrong, everything else will fuck up.

Okay? Where do we pick up the conversation? Okay?

This right here is a ladder and this ladder refers to where people are at mentally of how close they are to the problem. Okay? Unaware people are miles away from the problem.

Okay? Aware people are very, very close to the problem and, you know, understand what to do to fix it. Okay?

So your objective here is to figure out where is your market at? Again, a lot of research and a lot of studying other ads to figure out where people are picking up the conversation. People picking up the conversation in unaware or people picking up the conversation solution aware or aware.

Okay? And each one has a larger group of people. So for example, this might have like 100 million people.

This will have like 10 million people. This will have a million people. This will have 100,000 people.

This will have 10,000 people. Larger amount of people up here versus down here. This market's way easier to sell to.

This market's a lot harder to sell to. So it has some trade-offs. Obviously, in your advertising, you want to keep pushing the limits of reaching new people.

So you want to work your way up to unaware. But then you also you're going to make a lot more profits in this solution right here. So they both have their vice versa.

So the account that we scaled from literally $1,000 a day to roughly $17,000 a day, we went through these stages where they were focused a lot on like kind of like around here. So we pushed up to like an aware stage and then we realized we're too much unaware. So we also had to fill in some ads with like product wear and solution wear to also help out too.

So now I'm going to go through stages now. So unaware people are miles away from the problem. Okay?

They do not know they have a problem. So if we're going to go back to weight loss, okay, I'm unaware to how my weight could be a problem in my life, but I do experience these problems and I have no clue that they're a problem. So I just imagine being overweight and walking upstairs and feeling out of breath, but not doing anything about it.

Like I'm not actively like, wow, this is a real problem. I'm just like, whew, that just sucks. Something to deal with on a daily basis.

So in my ads, I would start calling out, hey, you know, do you walk upstairs and feel exhausted? Oh, yes, I do. Do you, you know, do this and this and this and feel this?

Yes, I do. Wow. Well, did you know that this could be a leading cause of you being overweight?

What? I never knew that. Now, obviously, come on.

It's, you know, natural, just, you know, people understand that now, but I'm giving you a real life example. Okay? So that's unaware.

Now, next thing is problem wear. Hey, I really need to lose weight, but I do not know how. I'm aware of my problem, but I do not know any solutions of it.

All right? And that's when you start presenting to them the solutions. Hey, you're trying to lose weight.

We understand it's very hard. Here's a really great solution. Next thing is solution-aware people.

So solution-aware people are aware of the solutions. Hey, I'm aware that I might need to, you know, start a keto diet. I'm aware I might need to start counting calories.

I'm aware that I might need to go to get a gym, gym membership. These are active solutions to fix the problem, but I just don't know which one to do. Okay?

That's a solution-aware mindset right there. And you see, it's the goal here is to tap into where people are currently thinking because if you tap into where people are currently thinking, that's where you pick up the ad at. Okay?

Next thing, product-aware. I'm aware of different products for a solution. I just don't know which company to go with.

So I know I want a gym membership. That's the solution I want to act upon. But I just don't know which gym to go to.

Okay? You see where we went from? We went from like literally just, I didn't even know I had a problem to, oh, you convinced me I had a problem.

Oh, to what's the different solutions for it to, oh, I want this solution to what are different products for that solution. So now I'm like, I went from literally just walking upstairs, you know, feeling exhausted, not knowing what that is. So now I'm actively in the consideration phase of looking at different gym memberships.

Okay? So now I'm figuring out which gym is better. All right?

Now, product-aware at which gym is better. This is where you're going to flex a lot of features, flex why your product is better than others, us versus them, flex different key selling benefits of it, reinforcing the desire for your product by reinforcing how amazing they can look going to your gym, different things like that. Okay?

So that's product-aware. Then aware is, hey, I love them all, or I for sure want to go to this particular gym right here, but it's just way out of my price. All right?

And you will have some of those people and in that perspective right there, that is when a sale or a discount or something like that helps out when they're literally just price sensitive. Okay? So this is the five stages of market awareness right here and this is super important because you get the desire right, you get the benefit correct that people want, then you get the market awareness and you get the product positioning correct.

Okay? For example, if you're selling women's jeans, you wouldn't even need to go to problem-aware or unaware. Like, you would literally just go straight to solution-aware because, you know, if I need a new pair of jeans or like if a woman needs a new pair of jeans, she's immediately just going to go and look at jeans.

Okay? She already knows the solution. So she knows the answer to a problem.

You don't need to tell her the solution to a problem. Okay? Different products are going to have different stages of awareness.

Okay? We're working with a company in the medical field where people do not know that this is a problem. So we have to educate people on the problem.

You know, going from unaware to problem-aware. Now that they're problem-aware, then we can sell them the product. Okay?

Every client we work with is different and a different stage. And then over years and years of time, then what can happen is, or not even years, you know, it just depends on how much momentum and velocity is in the market. You know, a market can literally go from unaware to solution-aware within a matter of three or four months, you know, but some markets, if they move at a slower rate, might go for a few years.

So it just depends on that. Again, super vital. Do not fucking go to the next step until you get this right.

Or at least get this down. Okay? And do research.

Look at ads. Look at, you know, this is where a lot of different ads you're going to have to look at. And you might also have to test one or two of these.

Like, hey, I think our market's on solution-aware. Then, boom, go ahead and do it. And then, oh, fuck, it's not solution-aware.

Okay? Wow. All right.

Next stage, market sophistication. Okay? This will be another really important thing.

All right? This is going to be, this is going to be a very hard one to articulate to you guys, but hopefully, I break it down very easy with you guys for this. Okay?

So, market sophistication is basically just how many other products have they seen before are yours. Okay? So, you know, to give you an example, the Facebook ads industry.

You know, I got into this in 2015. And at that time, hey, we do Facebook ads. Great.

When can we get started? In roughly 2016, after I was starting to pitch a lot of clients, it went from, hey, we do Facebook ads to what type of results do you have? I was like, oh, shit.

Okay. So, we do Facebook ads and we do this and this in 30 days. You know, we do Facebook ads, we'll guarantee you 3x in 30 days.

Okay, great. Cool. Then, guess what?

After that, it got to the point where, okay, cool, everyone else is saying the same thing. How do we differentiate ourselves? And that's where we offer a new solution or a new mechanism is what it's called.

Okay. And I'm gonna go to that in a second right here. So, just to better articulate to you guys.

So, a stage one market sophistication. This is the evolution of a market. Okay.

So, stage one for the weight loss industry years ago, 1950s, 1920s, hey, lose ugly fat. Okay, cool. Sign me up.

That's all you have to say. And people were coming in. Okay.

All right. So, then, after a ton of people were pushing that claim, then guess what? It got jaded.

It got to the point where people were no longer interested in it. Okay. So, now what we have to do is now we have to look at it from a different perspective.

We have to offer more, not offer, but we have to better articulate the desire. And we also have to really push the extremities of that claim. Okay.

So, lose 18 pounds in four weeks or your money back. Okay. Now, we're offering a little bit more.

A little bit more like, whoa. So, the people who got jaded from these claims right here in terms of bad experiences with other people pushing this offer, this claim, we just beat them by pushing this. Okay.

So, now we're a lot more competitive in our advertising. Okay. Guess what?

Eventually, everyone started pushing this too much and then, come on, you can only go so far before it's like, hey, lose 100 pounds in two days. Like, that's unrealistic. If this is too unrealistic, guess what?

People are also not going to, to, you know, they don't have the belief capabilities of it yet. I've seen this before personally on my YouTube channel where, like, literally, how we did 100K in 30 days will do better than how we did 2.1 million in 30 days because 100K in 30 days is a lot more believable for certain, you know, mindsets of people versus 2.1 million in 30 days. People just can't quite fathom that yet and some of that might be too much of a belief outside of their mindset to accept it and if they do not accept it, they're not going to click on it and if they don't click on it, obviously, you're not going to get the views or you're not going to make your money from this.

Okay. Now, number three, this is when everyone's been pushing this. What do we do next?

What's the next evolution? Well, the next evolution is focusing on a new mechanism, a new way to get people results. Okay.

And it's a fresh new appeal and gives people a new sense of belief in their life. Okay. So, number three right here, new wonder drug for losing weight.

Okay. Notice how this is the first time that I'm focusing on the product first or the mechanism first, then the kind of benefits or like the desire. Okay.

Whereas, these are purely just focused on benefit or desire. Now, the reason why is because now we're focusing on the mechanism. Okay.

So, now we're focusing on the way we do things. So, now for selling Facebook ads, no one talks about Facebook ads. They talk about creative.

That's the conversation. So, new Facebook ads that convert. Okay.

You know, we run Facebook ads that convert. Okay. We create Facebook ad creatives that convert.

Ah. Okay. Now, we're focusing on the mechanism.

We're not focusing on, you know, back down to this, oh, we run Facebook ads. No, we create Facebook ads. You can even focus on the, a little bit further with the mechanism.

Okay. We create messaging that creates Facebook ads that convert. Okay.

So, different things like that. And then, obviously, so that's a stage three is focusing on the mechanism. Stage four is the same way we did in stage two right here.

It's just focusing on the extremities, like really pushing the product as hard as we can. So, we're not just a new one drug for losing weight because guess what? Everyone's gonna start pushing that same thing.

Okay. So, now, after you made your money in that, we gotta move to the next best thing. Next best thing is focusing on the, the more in terms of like the removing limitations.

Okay. So, if everyone had a one drug and this was amazing, but you had to have a diet for it. Well, guess what?

This is the no diet one drug for losing weight. Aha. So, we identified a major problem across all the people pushing this product and that every customer hated it because it had to be on a diet.

But guess what? We're gonna do no diet. No diet drug for losing weight.

Okay. And then stage five is where literally people are focusing more on identification. So, identification is basically where, hey, they've seen everything in the market.

They just want to, you know, fit in with certain groups of people. So, obviously, it feels like I'll follow the dad right here. There's the Fit Father project, which is a brand selling stuff and it's purely just focusing on the Fit Father project.

And guess what? This will be pushed further and it'll be lose ugly fat for dads. Like, it'll go further into that, like a whole other evolution of that market.

So, yeah. So, that's the five stages of market awareness. Realistically, a lot of you guys are in like a three or four.

There's not many clients we have that's in a stage one unless they have a whole groundbreaking new product. But yeah. So, let's move further.

We are running out of time here. So, the first job in actually, you know, writing the headline. Let me actually make sure we put that.

So, the first job of writing the headline is just boom, lose weight. Okay, cool. So, state the claim in its purest form.

So, for us, for selling a weight loss product, well, guess what? You know, just state the claim as lose weight. Okay, cool.

That's our claim. You'll lose weight by using our product. Stage two, this is where you actually build your headline and your hook.

Okay, so, in breakthrough advertising, there's 38 different ways to strengthen a headline. Basically, 38 different ways to write a headline to build off the claim. Okay, and I listed you guys four different ones here.

Again, there's 34 or 34 others and these will reinforce the awareness but sophistication of the market. So, if we look at like measure the size of the claim, okay, cool. Well, that's kind of going back to a market sophistication of like level two right there.

You know, we're not just stating the claim. Measure the speed of the claim so I lose 40 pounds in four weeks or less. Cool.

Again, we're hitting that market sophistication level two. Okay, so, again, you can do this with anything right here. Metaphorize the claim.

So, melts away ugly fat. So, just a different way to articulate it. There's also another one that's like floats away.

Ugly fat or floats fat right out of your body and then remove limitations from the claim. So, again, that's going into kind of like a four, you know, even a two right there. First, no diet, wonder drug to lose weight.

Okay, cool. So, these are just different ways to articulate the claim. Again, these are just four of them but basically, this is where like you start to get your final headlines.

All right, cool. So, like here's a headline, you know, for example, if I want to use this headline right here, first, no diet, wonder drug to lose weight. Then, I got my headline and my hook or my hook.

Just kind of depends on which one you use. A hook is a headline and that's right there. It's just what grabs people's attention initially.

So, you know, this could be your first three seconds of video main, you know, kind of like, like headline on the creative itself. Which kind of depends on your situation. Okay, now, now that you've built a headline, okay, so these are headlines right here and what I recommend doing is just say, for example, take one of these measures size of the claim.

Take one of these and write down 50 headlines, 50 to 100 and then do the same thing for each one and that's how you're going to through quantity you'll find quality and that's right there. Now, now that you have a headline so lose 40 pounds in four weeks or less, then you want to write your body copy. Now, we are pretty close on time today so I'm not going to go into body copy today but if you guys want me to go deeper into this, let's get like, I don't know, 60 likes.

60 likes on this video and I'll do a part two where I focus more on the body copy side and I'll go through all the different mechanisms and, you know, different creative ways and breakthrough advertising used to write body copy and how we leverage that in the agency to write really compelling body copy. But, honestly, majority of the work is in the headline. You master this.

This is like 80% of the workload. The rest of the body copy is actually fairly easy from there. So, but yeah guys, thank you all so much for watching this channel.

If you are an e-com business owner and, you know, we help brands go from six figures a month to seven figures a month in revenue and you want to, you know, work with an agency that at least uses, you know, traits from the greats in terms of like a book like this, then click link below to book call with me and my team. We'll up on a free strategies call together, put strategies together for your business and take it and run with it or you'll have the opportunity to work with us if we think you'll be good for as a client. So, again, everything else on this channel is fully free and transparent for you guys.

I have no course or anything like that to sell you guys. Just ask you guys to leave a like, drop a comment below, hit that subscribe button and share my videos for friends and stuff like that to help them out with their business as well. So, thank you all so much for watching.

Again, my name is Nick Terrio and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.