Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel today exciting new video for you guys today We talk about how many new ads a week I need to test a lot of you guys are very familiar with my testing process testing a new campaign And a lot of you guys like no Nick how many ads do I need to test on weekly basis? And honestly my answer is that question it depends I'm gonna give you guys a few different examples too as well just so you guys could better understand as well So how many ads a week you need to test again?

The answer depends because there's so many different variables guys Um, there's a ton of different variables that go into this. Okay, so number one is First off is spin. That's a big variable second is time Okay, and that's another variable right there So like let's say for example if you came up to me and said hey, Nick, I have a hundred thousand dollars A hundred thousand dollars and I need to spend it over the next 10 days I gotta spend ten thousand dollars a day and facebook ads and there's no way Hey, let's start at ten dollars a day.

Let's start fifty dollars a day and slowly scale up I gotta start spending ten thousand dollars a day immediately. Is that possible? Yes, it's very much possible Um, is it hard?

Is it easy? Yes, it's extremely fucking difficult, but it's possible and we've done it multiple times already Okay, so the way this works is okay. Let's say for example, you came to me and you said that you spend, you know hundred thousand dollars uh, ten days which basically will equal to uh, 10k Spend basically what we do is every day We'll start spending 10k a day.

Okay, we'll keep spending until we hit our hundred k. Okay Now what is the next question is? Is that why can't you just start immediately spending 10k a day?

Like if you have fifty dollars right dollars right now Why can't you immediately start spending 10k a day? The problem is is that your cpa is likely going to be blown out the water You know, you'll probably need to hit a let's just say for example a fifty dollar cpa cost per acquisition And you might be hitting a like, you know Two hundred dollars cpa Um the first day, okay, but we have to keep spending There's no way we can stop spending just because you know, this is a I don't know fucking whatever. Okay, we got to spin asap Okay, so how can you decrease this?

cpa How can you go ahead and basically take this cpa and bring it down here? Okay, how is? creative testing okay and testing testing new Testing new ads Okay, and for this particular scenario how many?

Whatever you need to get the job done. Okay, whatever gets the Job done. Okay, um, this might be roughly 10 to 20 new ads A day and that's right there.

Okay That's literally just how many if this particular scenario right here. Okay, that basically means over 10 days We'll test anywhere from 100 to 200 new ads. Okay Again, this is a rare rare rare scenario And it's not like it's uh, like this is like a one percent of a hundred particular scenario Okay, but it just shows you guys if you gotta spend a lot really quick in a sharp period of time You guys are spending from day one at a certain level And you just have to keep testing new ads on even a daily basis To drive down that cpa to hit your mark because again Your ads is what controls your cpa and your conversion rate on your website controls your cpa and having an amazing offer controls Your cpa the ad account itself does not control your cpa.

Okay, so keep that account super simple One campaign process broad with one at one campaign on the side testing to test new stuff on a basis And in fact, if I had to do this particular scenario, I wouldn't even do a separate campaign I would literally just do a new ad set with new ads each day Um to test in that sense right there. Okay, so For a lot of you guys, um, some of you guys are probably roughly at a hundred dollars a day. Some of you guys are at a thousand dollars a day Um, some of y'all are probably roughly like three thousand dollars a day And then I have some of you guys that are you know $5,000 plus okay, um, and you know, I've i've spent all the way up to 22k a day Um, and that's been in fact actually I think it's a little bit more now Um, but i've spent a lot on ad spending on a daily basis Not nothing crazy compared to somebody that spent seven figures in a day But you know, i've spent pretty decent amount relative to you know a lot of advertisers market at a hundred dollars a day Look if you're selling a ten dollar Product, you know, you can afford to test more So, yes, you have your spin your spin, but you also have the unknown factor of your a ov a ov um, that's another big factor right there and then cpa as well so if you have an a ov of you know 20 bucks Which Don't please like I don't work with anyone below at least a 45 and now we're even pushing more closer 100 150 dollars Now if you have an aov that's really low you will have a lower CPA and that's right there, okay But if you're selling a product for five thousand dollars and you have a budget of a hundred dollars a day It becomes very difficult because you can't possibly spend enough On a sharp period of time to figure out if something works or not, okay But just relative to what I see on the market, you know A hundred dollars a day you can test roughly three to four new ads Oh, I put a dollar sign ads a week thousand dollars a day.

You're roughly gonna do you know six, you know three to Generally probably like four to six and then you know Three thousand probably six to ten and then you know five thousand be like ten to twenty and that's that's right there So cool So that's just to give you kind of an idea of how many on a weekly basis you need a test But then there's also another variable there's more variables here than again that you you have to know, okay the first thing is your experience Or well, i'm gonna say it like this your hit rate if you test, you know 10 ads how many will be new winners, okay, so for example um Person a you know three out of ten ads will win Okay person b will have a test, you know, he has a one out of ten Will win, okay, you know who will have to test More, okay, so if you have a very bad hit rate Like this person right here, then you have to test a lot more on ads if you have a really good hit rate, you know Like this person, you know person a you have to test less ads So it also depends on that section right there. So so far we've identified it takes spend time and then Hit rate as well, okay Hit rate. So these three factors right here is gonna be different for every single person Some people they have a lot of spin, but they have a long time Hey, I have a million dollars to spend on facebook ads like literally in the bank, but I need it I want to be profitable on day one and You know, I can give it five years before this business successful Okay, you can start off at 50 to 100 bucks a day and just slowly start spending and boom boom boom All right another guy's like hey, I have a million dollars and they spend this in a month and no exceptions at all You know, we have a client that's like hey, we have to spend four to fifty thousand dollars every single month And hit this certain kpi and there's no exceptions at all and we have did that kpi so we have to test a Fuckload more ads, you know, we're roughly testing anywhere from 10 to 20 new ads on a weekly basis that comes out to about 40 to 80 new ads a month Okay, our hit rates also got better So but due to the time like for example, we had another account another account where we're testing one new batch of ads every week And for about two months account performances dropped severely because we weren't finding any new ads And I did some training with my team and got their hit rate up a lot higher to where after that We uh, we were stuck like 60 grand a month 60 70 thousand dollars a month Um, we've improved their hit rate drastically, you know Just identified a few things in the team and it's mostly just due to the way they're approaching the product the way Um, you know the the way they were perceiving the product and just the messaging we had around it So we improved our hit rate and we were able to go from 60 000 to um 285 000 last month and then on track to 250 000 this month all within three months Okay, so that's a big thing right there.

You improve your hit rate. You can also drastically improve Your overall performance and how many ads you need to test as well So again, how many ads do you need to test a week? It all depends.

It depends on time Uh spin and your hit rate and hopefully that answers your questions for you guys um, if you're super super like I need to make this successful as fast as possible Then start spending 100 bucks a day and just keep testing new ads on a daily basis until you find things now Again, if you guys are fucking with your ad account structure and trying all these crazy ad account structures That just creates so many more variables into uh The process then what's going to do is this is drastically going to lower your performance and it's going to mess up a lot of like Just things in terms of the testing process in that sense right there So make sure you keep a consistent and easy process that you can Test and like I said I have videos my channel how to build facebook ads campaign from scratch and I have a seven part series as well Where um how to run facebook ads and five six and seven are specifically around the facebook ad side with actual management ad account structure all that Um, and then one through four is specifically around how to build really good ads So hopefully all that helps out but yeah, hope this answers you guys questions and that's right there And thank you guys so much for watching make sure you hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every monday wednesday and friday And guys again, I do just all this content purely for free. I have nothing to sell you guys Um, I give you just guys everything I know in here And that's the reason because we work with businesses doing 50 to 100k a month And we help these businesses scale to seven figures a month net profit So if you want to put call me my team, we'll do a strategy call together We'll give you that strategy You can run with it or you have the option to work with us if you choose and you can do that by simply clicking the link below again You need to be making 50 to 100 km up In revenue, so again, thank you guys so much for watching this chant uh, this video My name is nick terrio. You guys have your ass today.

Peace