Over the last couple of years, running the Facebook Ads agency, we've helped numerous brands now scale to multi seven figures a month with Facebook Ads. And that's completely through my Facebook Ads agency that I run. And today we'll be going over pretty much my process that I follow when a new client comes to the agency to be able to deliver them the results and being able to scale the brand forward.

So with that being said, let's dive into it. So anytime client comes on board, usually we'll just kind of start off first with just like the general sales process of my agency. I get all my clients from YouTube.

So just videos like this, people literally click the link below and they book a discovery call with me. And that discovery calls with me because I do make it to where people only who are my perfect client criteria can book that call. So you have to be doing at least $100,000 a month in revenue to be able to hop on that call.

And if you book that call with me and we hop on the call and you're not making that amount of money, I will just literally end the call right then and there. So just don't even try bothering. But yeah, they'll hop on that call with me.

And usually that first call right there for the discovery call, this is just going to be basically me kind of diving into their business, asking them questions relative to, you know, what's currently going on in the business right now? What's the perceived bottleneck that you believe that's holding the business back from scaling further? What's your gross margin right now?

What's your AOV, LTV, like all of these key things right here, just so I can get a good understanding of the business. At this time, I also like to really allow the client to sell me on the product itself of essentially what they're currently selling. And the reason why I do that is because that allows me to further understand just how they perceive the product, why it was created, what's the story behind the product.

This gives me good stuff for like ads down the line, but also allows me to start understanding the product myself as well. Now, about 50% of people will basically just be like, hey, I believe you're just not a good fit for my agency. And I'll just basically part ways with them right then and there.

I'll probably send them to my inner circle or my ebook or my course from there. Just allow them to keep learning up and keep improving the business. But as far as like the actual product itself, it's just not something that I personally want to take on inside of the agency because I only work with a handful of clients in my agency because I still run everything due to how I structure my deals.

I charge $10,000 a month or 10% of the increased profit for the business that I add to the business. And the client pays whatever one's bigger at the end of the month. So they never pay less than 10K a month.

But my whole goal is to add a million dollars a month of profit to our business. So that way I can get a $100,000 a month check. I only need five, six clients to make five, 600K a month in revenue.

And then I have, you know, my courses, inner circle, and all that stuff that helps fill the gap for the other half to allow me to make a million dollars a month. I'm not making that yet, but that's my goal and kind of like my roadmap of how I'm building my business model itself. So 50% of those people will be cut off and then we'll go to an audit.

Now, an audit essentially is just where I can go ahead, dive in the account. I can make sure that everything they specifically told me is backed up. And like, they're not just making random things up.

It's like, all right, this ad account's actually doing this. These numbers are actually legit and everything. And then from there, that audit, I'll cut another 50% of people down.

Basically, you know, 10 people make it here. Five people make it here. Then like two to three people will make it here.

Where it's, hey, we signed them as clients. And then they'll turn into a client. It's my face.

Okay. Now, when a client comes on board, now that you know the sales process, here's what happens when a client comes on board. Now, when a client comes on board, obviously we have like onboarding, which is like really simple for me.

This is just like giving me access to the accounts. I would say like, let's just say access. I like a folder full of their content as well.

Like we go ahead and create more content, but also like getting a folder of content they have on file. And then from here, we pretty much get started with everything. It's rare, but some clients need like brand guidelines.

Brand guidelines are just going to be more like, hey, you have to use this exact text, this exact color in the ad and stuff like that. I typically choose not to work with those brands because those brands are like, I would honestly say some of the worst clients, not all of them, but for majority of them, yes, because these clients will take weeks to approve an ad. But then the minute performance is down, they're the ones that's like spam calling me and like messaging me on Slack 50 times a day.

So I typically choose to not work with those types of clients. And also too, they're the ones that take this significant like amount of time to for me to make them money because they just like to delay so much fucking shit in the relationship of working together. Because of how much they like to delay things, because they're chasing perfection of what font color and what thing like that's using the fucking ad.

I'm just like, yeah, this ain't going to work. So we don't have any clients like that right now. And we very, very rarely take on those clients.

We've lost clients that were perfectly profitable in scaling just because they didn't like the ads we were creating, even though like it was representing their product based off the research and like everything's in the other. So yeah, we just choose not to work with those clients. So once we get access to like their Triplewell, Shopify store, Facebook ad account, we get a content bin.

Then from here, I like to do what's just called the bottleneck analysis. Let's call it BA. We typically already do this in the audit right here.

So like really for me, it's like I'm just basically going back over that again. Bottleneck analysis is basically where I'm just looking for what's the bottleneck, right? That's all I'm looking for.

A bottleneck is just basically like this. If you have water that's flowing, let's just say water that's flowing like that. And then all of a sudden it has to go through like this smaller little tube.

Now only like smaller amount of water can go through. You have what's called a bottleneck right here. It's preventing the flow of basically cash and money and profits and all those good things right there.

So for me, I like to look at CPC, CVR, and then AOV. Boom. Those are my three main things I like to look at.

And ideally, like for me, it's I want to try to look at a 10% decrease in this one. And I want to see a 10% increase. Boom.

And that one. And then I want to see a 10% increase in that one. That's usually like my first target right there.

And if I can't make the business profitable or like substantially better just by doing this, then that means the business needs a lot more work. And I usually push these clients away. So this is done in the actual audit.

That's kind of jumped back a little bit, but that's done in the audit. So that way when I actually go and sign them as a client, this is usually what I'm looking at right here. And I'm really just trying to figure out what is the main first action we need to take, right?

So like if they're getting amazing cost per click, then I'm going to go hammer the CVR. And that'll be like landing pages and offer right there. Like that's the first thing I'm going to hit on.

If it's AOV and like all of this is good, then I'm going to go hammer AOV, which is going to be pre-purchase and post-purchase. Pre-post purchase upsells and withholds in to try to improve the AOV right there. So realistically for me, it's just first understanding what's the bottleneck and then going to take aggressive action on that, building out the landing pages if conversion rate's bad, improving AOV if AOV's bad.

If cost per click is bad, then like I'm going to go hammer that. Now for me, usually in most cases, it's kind of a mix of everything. That we need to improve on.

So from there, I'll just go ahead and start taking actions. So like for me, the first thing I like to do is just go and create some iterations and variations of the current ad that's taking majority spend in the account. Why?

Because this is just quick wins right here. Quick and easy ways to find new winning creatives right there. Number two, I like to do what's called replications.

Why? Because a lot of people tend not to look at their competitors ads and stuff. So I'll go look at competitors, indirect competitors, and then also like to look at just like random brands that I like that have really good ads.

And then all I'm going to do is replicate their ads with one unique thing. So I actually learned this from Mr. Beast specifically in the way he approaches his content.

I attended what's called VidSummit back in 2024 in Dallas, Texas. And one thing that Mr. Beast's team said was that, hey, we do not create anything original in terms of ideas.

All of our ideas is based off content that's already working on YouTube. The only thing we do is pick those things that's already working and we just do one thing differently. So for example, they did the hydraulic crest video where it was like hydraulic crest versus Lamborghini.

And it's like one of their most viewed videos or at least like top 10 videos. The way he discovered that was because they saw all these hydraulic crest videos of like candy, soda drinks, and like just random little household products. So like what if we did that with a Lamborghini and then they went filming and that's it.

So for me, it's like I want to go replicate competitor ads, indirect competitor ads, and random brands that I follow like Dr. Squatch, Ridge, AG1, Rose Skin Co. Just a couple off the top of my head right there.

I want to go replicate some of the ads they're creating, but just do one thing different. One thing that's different that makes it feel different, but yet it's still the same thing as what other people are doing. That's all I'm doing.

So we got iterations and variations of the top winning ad. We have replications. And then now here, I'm literally going ahead and probably doing about 80% of like these two.

And then I'm going to start doing ideations, which is like me going to research and coming up with fresh new ideas. This is where we're going to get into like desire, awareness, sophistication, and like personas right here. And this is why it's like I'm 80% pumping out a whole bunch of new content for the account to fight creative fatigue and refresh it and stuff.

And that's allowing me now to get some time to really take my time and go through research and pulling out data and stuff to also go create fresh new ideas as well for the account. And this is like a just surefire way of kind of blitzing the account right away to lower that cost per click pretty fast. Now for conversion rate, first thing I like to look at is product page.

Let's just do product page. And then the first thing I like to look at here is just simply going and seeing is there any improvements we can make on the product page? Might be like photos, copy, you know, that's probably like the main two.

Maybe some social proof. Or can we go test a new offer, right? And for me, this is just a case by case scenario.

But ideally here, I'm looking at the competitors and seeing who has better offer, right? That's the next thing I'm looking at. Because that's also a big thing right there is that like if you're in a competitive market and like 10 people are selling the same product and you have the worst offer, you're going to struggle to scale really bad.

You'll see a lower conversion rate, all that stuff. There's also been product pages that we like look at and they're like this product page is horrible. So before we start testing landing pages in terms of like advertorials, listicles and all that stuff, we'll go and look at just tweaking the product page.

Here, number five, this is where we start getting into landing pages and building out things like listicles, advertorials. And this will just be a mix here. It might be based off the winning ad where I'll literally just go duplicate the winning ad and change the landing page.

Or this will be totally new idea where I'll launch a new advertorial with fresh new ads. I don't use the winning ad because it's a totally different angle. I can't stay in like I don't know how many times I've answered this in the comment section where it's like, oh, well, if I'm testing a new landing page, do I use the winning ad?

I'm like only if the messaging is congruent between the two. But if you're testing a new landing page and the messaging is for something completely fucking different than your winning ad, then guess what? You got to test a whole new ad with that as well.

And then lastly, this is where we'll focus on AOV, where for me, it's just like, you know, pre-purchase and post-purchase that I'm going to be looking at here. And my big thing here is like for pre, I'm looking at what products that go with products. Boom.

So if I buy an iPhone, what products go with an iPhone? And then post, this is going to be products that better satisfy desire. So for example, for pre products that go with that thing, post-purchase is going to be what are other products we can upsell people on that help better satisfy their current state right now.

So for example, you come into like my education program for pre-sale, you buy my ebook. And then it's like maybe here are three or four things that go with that ebook. Maybe it's like, I don't know, like two other PDFs.

One's like writing books, but like the extended volume. One's like creatives that are currently actively working now. Just like three little, like small little upsells to go with that PDF.

And then post-purchase, I know you're trying to get better at ads. That's why you bought the book. So then it's like I upsell you on like a whole course.

That's like 100 lessons. That's detailing videos of how to do everything in the ebook. So that's upsell number one.

And like upsell number two is like you actually doing one-on-one calls with me and everything where it's like, you know, you get my direct feedback and everything. So I'm just giving them higher ticket ways to better satisfy their current desire that they came into the table with. So that's the thing I like to do for AOV right there.

And yes, it still works for e-com and all that good stuff. Let's just say, for example, people come in. They want to quit potty training.

They want to better potty train their son, for example. Then it's like, all right, what products go with the first product I give them? And then post-purchases, what are completely opposite products that can better help satisfy their desire of potty training, get it done quicker, all those things like that.

But yeah, so this is pretty much it from here. And then usually from this, it's just like we just do this and start breaking this up by like weeks or like each week we take massive action on something. And it's usually going to be on like a certain bottleneck, right?

So like week one, we might test a ton of creatives, right? Week two, we may do another batch of creatives because like the first batch didn't work. Then it's like, all right, cool.

We found some new winning creatives that started to move in the right direction. Now we're going to aggressively test landing pages. Oh, we found a new landing page.

Cool. Week four, let's focus on AOV now. And maybe we do like a couple weeks of AOV because it's just taking longer to go through.

Boom. Then we just get that done, right? Then maybe week seven, we go back to creatives.

Right? Like it's no like perfect order. What I like to say for me is just I take massive action on the bottleneck.

I get that solved and then I go to the next one, whether it's CVR or AOV. And then I'll come back to creatives if I need to. And that allows us to rapidly scale a lot faster versus, you know, this like little small increase over time right there.

This is why we don't just do creatives anymore. We used to like just do creatives. But then once I started to see the full business and realized how a lot of the clients were working with, it wasn't even a creative problem they had.

It was an overall business problem with like a lot of small cracks in between these things. And that's essentially what we did to further improve things. But yeah, that's how we work with clients.

That's how we help clients scale to over $30,000 a day with Facebook ads and everything like that. If you're interested inside of the agency and me coming to all this for you and stuff, click link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. You're not making $100,000 a month and you'd love for like my help and everything.

Then click link below to have Nick Terrier mints for you where I literally hop on one-on-one calls with you and go through your ad account and help you improve the performance in your ad account so you can scale further. Felt like actually paying me the $10,000 a month for the agency. You only pay me $1,000 a month for the inner circle right there.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll chat with y'all later. Peace.