How do you determine what to spend on Facebook ads? Yes, budgeting for Facebook ads sounds like such an interesting topic to talk about, but I do get this a lot in the comments of like, hey, Nick, how much I spend on a monthly basis? How do I kind of plan a budget for Facebook ads?

And look, to be honest, I'm not an expert at this, but I do have a few tips for you guys that I'll give you after spending over two to, I don't know, like $10 million now on Facebook ads. I've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. So I've spent somewhere around like $10 to $20 million in Facebook ads, to be honest.

But I'll give you guys a few tips and tricks and stuff like that, what I recommend. And before we get started, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriot. I run an e-com growth agency.

Yes, we focus on e-com to have some success with Legion as well. And we've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. Also have a inner circle in that perspective right there.

We do one-on-one coaching with students. So quickly below to book call with me and my team to where we can, you know, chat a little bit to see how we can help you. And again, that's the only win for the people who are tired of doing this shit themselves and need extra help in the kitchen as all of this content is super transparent for you guys to help you grow your business.

Don't sell any courses or any bullshit like that. So be sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So how to determine Facebook ads budget.

Okay. So let's start off with first off the people who are just starting out, and then we'll jump into a little bit more advanced away as well. So for the people who are just starting out, this is people who are likely spending, I don't know, a couple, maybe 50 to 100 bucks a day on Facebook ads.

And they're like one day turning it off, turning it on, constantly up and down like crazy. Okay. Very sporadic.

And it's a lot of actual mental mind games that you're fighting against yourself. So for people who are just starting out, the first thing you need to act yourself is what can you spend without turning off for 30 days? Okay.

You need to pick a budget that you have zero emotion to, and you're willing to lose without any worry. Okay. And obviously throughout this phase, if results are profitable, you can spend more.

Okay. So let's say for example, I'm just starting with Facebook ads. And for 30 days, I'm gonna run these ads.

Obviously I'm gonna turn ads off and launch new ads within it. But my goal is to spend at least this budget, unless things are profitable and I can afford to start spending more. Okay.

So let's say for example, $3,000. I can spend $3,000 over 30 days, which comes up to $100 a day. And that's what you want.

You want to pick a budget that you can spend for 30 days and work your ass all through those 30 days to make that budget profitable. Okay. And why is this important?

Because Facebook likes stability in that aspect right there. If you're constantly turning campaigns off, not running ads for a few days, then turning them back on, launch some new stuff, turning off, on, off, and just sporadic. Facebook sees you as a not a great income source.

And it wants to prioritize people who can spend consistently at a good rate. Now, again, this is not like some magic formula here. That's going to make you all of a sudden profit with Facebook ads.

It's just, it's going to help out with machine learning. And it's also going to be help out with your mental emotions, because that's the biggest thing right there. A lot of people struggle with, they're starting out as the mental side of spending money.

So yeah. And just a reminder, if you're only going to spend like 150 bucks a month, which is $5 a day, it's really hard to get data on $5 to $10 a day budget. I personally recommend anyone who's just starting out $100 per day for 30 days.

Okay. That's definitely a little bit higher than a lot of people have talked about over the years, but it's the most realistic of what's actually going to get you performance and stuff. So it's roughly about $3,000 budget, put that together.

And you know, Hey, maybe that pushes you for, from a couple of months before running Facebook ads. That's okay. Because then you can build all the assets you need during that period of time while you accumulate that money.

And then you can also look at other ways. If you're starting out for only a couple of dollars a day, Hey, why not just start a TikTok and do a lot of organic TikTok marketing that works really well too as well. So that's for beginners.

Pick a budget. You can spend it for 30 days consistently without lowering it. But if results are profitable, you can increase.

And again, you should have zero emotions tied to it. You want to play the same level of motion when you go to a casino and gamble money that you're willing to just throw away with no worries at all. Now for the more advanced people, we're going to talk about this as well, because I've been in this position, obviously, and I want to show you guys this as well.

So the first question is, what is your goal? Now, these are likely people who are already spending money on Facebook and they want to and like just spend more. Okay.

So first thing is, what's your goal? So let's say, for example, we have a goal revenue of $150,000. Okay.

What is the target KPI that's realistic for your brand? So let's say, for example, $150,000 in revenue at 3x return on ad spend. Okay.

So then all we do is take revenue, 150K divided by KPI 3.x ROAS. And that's going to give us the spend we need, which comes out to $50,000. Okay.

So revenue, $150,000 a month. ROAS 3x. Spend $50,000.

It only comes down to daily spend of $1,700. Okay. I spend $100,000 a day on Facebook ads.

And I can tell you $1,700 is shit. Okay. I have one account that's been coasting for about a year at 15K a day.

It ain't hard. Literally the only difference between $10 a day and $100,000 a day is zeros. That's it.

Same application of how we run everything at $10 a day to 100K a day. Okay. So $1,700 a day ain't hard.

That's easy to spend. Like all of this is very easy. Now I'm going to give you guys some kind of not so great advice, but it's what's happened to me multiple times.

Okay. So we'll step into a business, a new client where like, they're spending like, I don't know, 500 bucks a day. And they're like, Hey Nick, tomorrow's January 1st.

And we have to do 150K in revenue for January. The marketing budget is $50,000 for Facebook ads. And we have to hit our goal.

And I literally, regardless of performance at $500 a day, I literally just go in the account and go from $500 a day to $1,700 a day overnight. Okay. I've done this already with an account that we spent $4.5 million for in 2022.

It's not fun. It's not fun, but it works. And it's highly risky.

Okay. And I'm gonna talk to you why it's highly risky because what we do is we're going to simply build a parachute on the way down. I've, I know you guys probably seen that meme before like entrepreneur success pages on Instagram, where it's like, yeah, jump off the cliff and build your parachute on the way down.

And it recognizes people who, who literally like have nothing left and are like, they risk everything in their life to start a business. So basically they jump off the cliff and then they build the parachute on the way down. AKA as they risk their life for this business, they start everything from scratch and build up an amazing business.

Okay. So we've done this a lot with accounts because we need to hit spin goals and we have no option. Again, I don't really recommend it.

It's a healthy pressure, but a lot of you guys, or if you're not experienced at all, this can actually fuck you up quick. Okay. But if you are experienced and you like the healthy pressure, we've done it before many times.

Okay. So we'll basically set the budget overnight, likely performance will be bad for two or three days. And then we'll start getting a really better set of like, okay, Hey, yes, the 1700 bucks a day.

Isn't working at all. We went $500 to $1,700 today. It's not working at all.

We can't lower budget and we're not seeing performance. So what can we do? We basically test a ton of different ads and through building new winning ad concepts, we find new winning ads that we can spend more money on.

And we can spend more money on these ads. It takes off the load of our $500 a day ads. And like, you're going to, I'm going to confuse the cut of you guys.

But when we were running a $500 a day budget, December 31st, we had ads that were winning at $500 a day. Then when we bumped the budget to $1,700 a day, if those ads at $500 a day, weren't working at $1,700 a day, they're originally winners. We have to find new winners at $1,700 a day.

So because of that, that's why we have to find these new winning concepts to find new winning concepts of $1,700 a day. Okay. And again, it's all still reflecting on this particular example right here.

So long story short, another way to determine budget for Facebook ads is simply just setting the budget and just boom, you work your ass off to get there. So look at the, look at the revenue goal, look at the spin. But another thing y'all notice here is I said, what's hard KPIs realistic for your brand, realistic for your brand.

Okay. So let's say for example, you've been advertising month over month, $10,000 a month at a three extra rest. And all of a sudden you want to spend $50,000 in a month.

That's literally five extra, which you're currently spending. Well, you know what three extra rest is realistic for your brand, but also to row ass drops as you scale. So that's something that does dictate some level of performance, but you can get work your ass off on new winning concepts to make things profitable.

Now, another thing I like to look at too, as well, where we have some accounts where, Hey, they're not so aggressive in terms of like a five X increase, but it might be like a 10% increase. Okay. So I look at healthy business growth is doubling, doubling revenue year over year.

Okay. That's a healthy business growth. That's you literally do.

You need to basically do a hundred percent increase in revenue from January 1st to December 31st and year over year to get, you know, basically double revenue each year. Okay. It only comes down to like 8.5% revenue increase each month, month over month.

So for example, you do a hundred thousand dollars in November, you know, December, you need to do a hundred and like hundred and $8,000. Okay. For like an 8% increase.

Okay. So I personally like 10%, just a little bit more clear. Let's put you up running, running rate of about 120% increase per year.

Okay. And that's a good one. So let's say for example, you spend $10,000 one month.

Well, the next month you want to look at spending $11,000. Okay. Then the next month you want to spend like what, like 12.2,000 or 12.1,000 in terms of, you know, another 10% increase.

So every month push for 10% increase to increase spend month over month. And that's going to help you out with your, your overall year over year of basically doubling business revenue. Now let's say for example, you just started your business month one, you $1,000 a month.

Then like month two, you do, I don't know, 4,000. And like, like you'll have in those early stages, I would say under a hundred cam off, you can quickly scale to a hundred cam off in like 90 days with the right setup and stuff. Right.

Like we're a really good Facebook marketer, enough spend inventory, a winning product. Like you can scale to a hundred cam off in like less than 90 days. Okay.

Now I do find that a hundred to 300 cam off range does look a little bit more around this 10%, but I say 10% are greater because if you're at 20 cam off 30 cam off, sometimes you can double budget muff over muff until like, you know, you hit that roughly a hundred 300 K range. So it's just so many variables. It's a lot of variables around mass appeal around your product and mass appeal around your ads as well.

Okay. And then obviously you want to look at month over month, month over month spending goals to hit yearly goals. So let's say for example, your yearly goals, a million dollars.

Okay. Well, let's say for example, a hundred K a year right now, and next year we're into a million dollars in a year. Well, what percentage of rate of growth each month you need to hit to hit a million dollars a month or million dollars in a year.

Okay. That's $83,000 a month. You're at a hundred K a month or a hundred K a year right now.

That's like eight, 8,300 a month. So you need to basically like 10 extra monthly revenue. So like you basically have a certain level of month over month growth you need to do to hit that 1 million for the year.

So yeah, guys. So that's just a few different ways we've used to set budget for accounts. Again, it's not perfect, but it's just realistically what we've talked about with clients, what happens with clients and a few different things that we've scenarios we have going through.

So we hope you guys enjoy this video. Again, if you're tired of doing all this Facebook ad shit yourself, we've done over $50 million in online revenue for our clients. We're going to blow it to book all for me and my team.

And then we also have our inner circle side, which is more of coaching, closer contact with me or coach you with your Facebook ads and stuff and help you out with your performance for those who are just looking for more of a coaching side right there. That being said, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.