Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I'll be talking about Wicked Reports and why I chose Wicked Reports, especially with this new iOS 14.5 update and kind of how I'm getting my attribution back after iOS 14.5. I'm just going to do a little caution alert guys. This is not the best route for beginners.

This is definitely a route that's very more cost intense as Wicked Reports does go for like $500 to $800 a month, even $1,000 a month, depending on how much you're spending. So this is definitely a very not a cost efficient way to run with attribution and stuff. But when we're handling budgets anywhere from $1,000 a day to $22,000 a day with our clients, then literally paying 500 bucks a month to understand where our data is being or where I spend is being the most efficient ads, then this is totally justifiable business expense.

So with that being said, before we get started, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video. So iOS 14.5 hasn't been easy whatsoever.

There's been a lot of hurdles we've had to jump through. And even with this new update that was released on June 30th, that allowed seven day click window to start receiving statistical modeling, basically, which means if someone opts out and you're attributing to a seven day click window, essentially, we're still gonna be able to do statistical modeling, which is Facebook's way of showing a, you know, just a pretend number that who and what converted. I know, very inaccurate.

So I want to create this video and show you guys what I've been using. And I took the, I just bit the bullet and I went with wicked reports. Now I know we get a lot of questions why I went with wicked reports and not high rows.

And I'm don't want to make a video of this is why wicked so much better. In short, I've gotten a lot of recommendations for people that spending seven, eight, and nine figures a year for wicked. On two, I've also heard a lot of complaints about customer service for high rows.

And number three is that the spin or not the spin, the cost per month is significantly higher than wicked reports. So between all three of those, I crossed off and I went with wicked. Plus I've been having my eye on wicked reports for a lot longer.

Nothing gets Alex amazing brand, you know, like, like I give credit to him. He's done an amazing job and everything. And you know, I've also, I'm also personally like watching, enjoying his content.

So with that being said, I went with wicked, been on wicked now for about one full month and absolutely love it. So I'm gonna show you guys a few examples in this video today of how exactly we're kind of attributing some of ourselves and stuff. I'm actually going to show you some screenshots of wicked or actually dive into wicked with you.

And also to show you some stuff inside the ads manager and literally compare the two together. So that way we know, Hey, okay, you know, wicked actually has something here versus maybe it's just like, Hey, this is all like pretend whatsoever. So let's side with my computer real quick, right here.

I'm inside of wicked. I'm in one of their like campaign analysis tabs, essentially. And what I've done is I've selected one of our campaigns.

This is our audience testing campaign for specific clients. And this is a date range of the last seven days. I'm going to ads manager, show you guys the same thing.

I'm inside of that audience testing campaign looking the last seven days. And that is not looking good at all. I mean, that is looking horrid.

If we look at that purchase for us, I mean, that's nothing's even close to a one on here. If I was a client, I would be like fearful. Like my agency was trying to use that type of data and don't get us wrong.

You know, we've had a few people who didn't in our agency that didn't want to get on wicked. And we've seen this and we've been struggling with financials expectations because of that, because this is a real issue. A lot of people are facing.

So if your data looks like this, it's okay. Just take a second, take a deep breath. A lot of people are facing this and I'm trying to present you as much data as I can, as I receive it.

But again, this market's moving so quickly, you know, a video I made two videos ago is already outdated. Now there's another video I'm going to make. So, but it's moving quickly.

So with that being said, we started to scale the budget on a few of these, and it's very hard to justify that budget increase when you're having a 0.41 ROAS and the goals, at least a 1.3 or higher. So if we go to wicked and we're inside wicked right here, you can see campaign level data. So we can see right here, this campaign, we spent $2,000 made back $3,100 in revenue, and that's reported from wicked.

It's not reported from Facebook. The cost is reported from Facebook, but the campaign revenue is reported from wicked. So this particular campaign is our audience testing campaign.

We barely break even with this campaign because it's literally our audience testing campaign. We test new audiences with proven ads, and we need to be able to justify what audiences work with first before we try to scale them. So that's why it's important for us to have wicked.

So that way we know what audiences work. That makes sense. Now let's just dive into it.

Let's start comparing a few of these together. So let's look right here. First one, social engagement.

We spent $300 on this particular ad set. So this is the campaign. This is the term.

Term is basically your ad set and the contents like the ad inside of there. So we're looking right here, social engagement, 30 days, spent 300 bucks or 302 made back 489. So let's go back to ads manager.

Okay. So now that we're in ads manager, we can see right here, 302 social engagement, 30 days, 302 12 was spent $158 was attributed to that particular audience. Again, back to wicked $158 attributed inside of ads manager wicked 302 was spent $489 was attributed to that particular audience.

That's a big difference. So 302 social engagement, 30 days, 302 social engagement, 30 days, 158, 489. That's a literally triple.

This is a easy, like 1.5, 1.6 ROAS, whereas this is an easy 0.53 ROAS. So this right here, that's just number one right there, how big of an impact this is on our account. So let's go to another one.

Let's go for a little bit more. So anything over a hundred to two extra ROAS, anything about a 50% is about a 1.5. So we can start looking through here.

So again, our target is a 1.3 or higher for this particular account. So this is 2.11 spent, 5.59 in revenue, 165% ROI. So this is a good range for this particular account.

So let's go look at that one. That's a Starbucks. It's literally the interest, 2.11 spent, 5.59 in revenue.

Let's go back ads manager looking for 2.11 spent, 2.11 spent, Starbucks, $79. Wicked reports, 5.59. Starbucks, 2.11 spent, $559.

And ads manager is showing a report of $79. That is just crazy. And if I were still trying to optimize based off of this, but don't get me wrong.

I've had, like I said, I've had accounts already that's came to us, wants to work with us with a very small budget and refuse to get on Wicked because of the expense. And we lost the money the first month. We've had clients quit this month because we didn't have the proper attribution.

So again, I understand the problem you're facing too, of not having the proper attribution data. And that's why we got on Wicked because we couldn't afford the loss anymore. We couldn't afford to lose clients.

And that's why we got on Wicked. And you can clearly see right here of how hard it'd be to manage this account because we wouldn't know what's profitable and what's not profitable. I'm looking at another one.

This one's married. This one has nothing. So let's just look at married and see if that has anything.

I think I saw one Apple watch. No. Okay.

Let's see. I want to find one. Okay.

Yes. Look married right here. 105 spent.

Go back. Married. Okay.

Maybe that was different. And nevermind. I want to show us a little more.

So this is another one right here. 261 spent. And we're going to look for 261 spent right here.

People currently like your page. $261 spent. $261 spent.

Ads manager is showing $69 in our $34 in revenue. The 261 spent, and we only made $34 from that. And in reality, we made $427.

So model 1.5 for us. Again, target value is about a 1.3. So this just shows you of how critical wicked reports is and having some type of third party attribution software for running these ads.

Now I do understand wicked reports is more expensive, but when you are spending, I would say, even if you're spending more than a thousand dollars per month, like if you have a budget for $15 a month, put $500 to that towards wicked and the other thousand towards ads, because you'll be able to be more efficient with your advertising. And if you have better data, then you're likely going to be able to make better decisions and be able to scale a brand better and be able to operate more efficiently versus if you didn't have this data. So this is very, very key to understand something very important.

And honestly, wicked has been a huge success for us over the last say 30 days. Like I said, we're slowly migrating all of our accounts to it. You're getting clients just to pretty much pay for it because with the list of clients we have, it's very hard for us to get all clients on wicked without, you know, jacking up their, uh, uh, you know, retainers and everything like that.

So for the people who have an agency, watch my channel, that's kind of how the approach we're taking it right now. But again, this is something I highly recommend and stress for you. If you're run ads for an account, get them on a phone with wicked wicked reports.

You can go online. You can book a 15 minute demo with them. You could talk with them, screen share with them.

They're not sales people at all. They're just going to show you the demo, show you how it works. And you know, that's it.

They're not going to force you to pin out a credit card on the spot and everything like that. But this ain't even a sponsored video by them at all. So just to make sure you guys aware that I've no affiliation with them at all.

I'll put their link below, but it's not gonna have any fancy string attached to that. Just, uh, with, you know, affiliate URL or anything like that. So, but I highly recommend having this in and yeah, guys, just want to kind of share this with you, show y'all my little experience with it.

I know I've had a few people question this, especially in the comments because I've mentioned it already that we're using wicked reports. Now, if you are a e-commerce brand and you're looking to hit your first six figure month, but you're stuck trying to decide if you want to use ABO or CBO or your creatives is lacking strategy, or you're having data loss issues and you need help with your account, then simply click the link below book call with me and my team. We'll hop on a call at you and we'll put together your six month roadmap of how we can transform your business and what steps you need to take.

And you can simply take that map and go at it yourself, or you'll have the option to work with us if you choose. So make sure you click below and book that call. And if you enjoyed this video, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Well guys, it's about that time. Again, my name is Nick Terrio and I hope y'all enjoyed this video. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace.