How to build high converting Facebook ads in 2023. What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel.

And I got a very special treat for you guys today. This is going to be mostly because we're about to cross over 15K. We'll probably be over 15K by honestly, by the time this video gets uploaded.

But I wanted to give you guys a little thank you. I didn't really do anything for 10K. So I'm gonna give you guys something for 15K that is extremely special.

Why? Because this took me about a year and a half to figure out. And I'm going to show it to you guys in literally this next 10 minute video.

I've spent probably around, I don't know, $30,000 trying to figure out all the systemization and optimization and stuff like that to build out this system of which we use to repeatedly week over week build high converting ads for over 10 different Facebook ad accounts each week that we work with across my creative team, my copywriter, my visual creator, my media buyer. Of course, I'm like the performance strategist. I'm the one that leads to performance for each account.

And I'll have to show you this whole system in this one video. So again, if you don't know who I am, my name is Nick Terry. I run a Facebook ads agency.

I've done over $60 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. I run a inner circle and I coach and mentor students as well. Links for both of those can be found below.

And before we get started, hit the like button, hit that comment button and share button. No, new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's get started.

So as promised today, we're gonna be showing you guys how to build high converting creatives or high converting Facebook ads. And we're gonna start from literally point A all the way through. So first things first is everything starts in our ad accelerator.

This is where we do like our product research and where we do all that good stuff. And I'll show you where you can find this later. So we have our mass desires.

We list our mass desires through market research. We take some of the features of that product, turn them into benefits and connecting the matching desire. We build out our customer avatar that we want to specifically target.

And then we have our creative roadmap. It's where we keep all of our ad concepts we want to run in the account. Now, I want you guys to remember something.

One ad concept equals one DCT dynamic creative test. One DCT equals one ad set. So each concept is around a specific concept that's about three creatives, one copy and one headline.

And then we also leverage one winning copy and one winning headline to make two headlines and two copies and three new creatives per DCT. If you'll look at my videos, dynamic ads and broad targeting, I'll show you step by step of how to set that up. So you can see right here, here's one of our concepts.

I guess it's just an example. You can see the concept we want to open up in unaware markets. I'm targeting the persona.

Now this persona is important that all the visuals and terminology we use in the ad appeals to the specific persona. Next thing we do is target the specific desire. Is it desire for a long battery life, a desire for high performance or desire for privacy and security?

What is the desire we want to target specifically? And what is the matching benefit that matches to that desire? So we only showcase this one desire, this one benefit in this one persona in this specific ad.

Then the next thing is, is positioning. How do we position this product in front of our consumer? There's about 20 different psychological positioning strategies that we currently leverage.

And here is all 20. So maybe we want to open up an unaware market. These people are unaware to the problem, unaware to the solution, unaware to the product.

So what we do is we give words to a hidden dream they have, and then we create the problem and introduce the solution. Now, the next one is the angle. And this is more of not really the angle, but the hook pattern we use.

So measure the size of the claim. So this is the hook pattern we'll use. I got about 30 different ones.

And I'll, this is basically the pattern we use. So measure the size of the claim. Let's say measure the speed of the claim.

So this is a long battery life. So the hook pattern we could use is something like iPhone 14. Oh wait, let's see speed.

Let's do size. iPhone 14. Now with a eight hour battery life size, big time is the measurement of the size in this particular case.

Now speed could be something where it's like eight hour battery life with 50 minute or 15 minute or fast charging technology or something like that. So hook pattern is just the pattern we leverage on that hook. And that's also going to dictate the rest of the ad.

Because for example, if you use a hook pattern, that's like three reasons why. Then the rest of the ad needs to correlate with that specific hook. Now, the next question we want to look at is what are you creating such testing that gives you confidence that this test will improve overall performance?

So basically I want more. Hey, why, why do you have confidence this test can improve overall performance? Because at a level, we only want to be showcasing and doing things that improve the performance for the ad account.

Not just slightly, not just an ad with a good row ass. We want an ad that's going to get into the ad account, get a ton of spin and majority of spin for the account. And it's going to improve overall performance for the business.

So I rather spend less more time on the planning and operational side of this and less time on creating a fuckload of ads to where I'm have a higher strike rate of each ad. Next one is just the links to the ad set that we created for this concept. And then the next one is just, you know, what went right, what went wrong?

What did we learn from this? And, you know, digging deeper into this particular ad and then any results if it was a winner, loser, something like that. So this is the ad accelerators.

This is where everything starts. Now, the next thing we do is we have Asana. Now, this is our client project because, again, we're an agency, but you can create something similar without like, you know, maybe some of these client resources or media notes and stuff.

But at least this part right here, analyze results, paid advertising, awaiting approval to be filmed, ad concepts and completed tasks. Again, this is an Asana. So our ad concept, this is where everything starts.

And you can see right here, 101, 127, you know, and then a lot of other ones that have just been completed already. But the 143, 127, this is where we give a name in each batch numbers. 102, 103, 104.

As we create new stuff, this is going to be, you know, that's going to dictate that number. Now, that particular number right there dictates everything. So it just kind of depends.

Some of these tasks are full on creative concepts, but basically all the concepts starts right here. And what's going to happen is we're going to have my copywriter get assigned it first. And then my copywriter goes ahead and creates the copy for that particular concept.

And then the second thing that happens from there, and I actually want to try to see if I can find another one for you guys. The second thing we can do is also create the creative plans. And what do I mean by creative plans?

This is the plans for that particular creative. Okay. So you can find one.

Maybe this one might have it. Okay. So like creative notes right here, and we'll put like the scripts and stuff like that.

Creative notes, you know, and it's basically where my copywriter also plans out the creative. And then what happens is then it gets assigned to my visual creator, which in my visual creator will go at it and complete it. So next thing is the actual visual creation.

I like to use frame.io. This is where my visual creator uploads all of our concepts. And then from there, that's where we can approve things.

If we need to send something to a client, all that good stuff like that can all happen right here. So here's some examples. Very simple.

This is actually, this is actually using mid journey as well. So full transparency on that, where we're using mid journey, which is an AI tool to create these specific images. So that's what happens next.

So copywriter going to sauna, create the task, the concept, add all the notes, sign it. You know, she'll write the copy for the creative. She'll write the, all that good stuff.

And then assigns my visual creator. My visual creator will reach out to a client if we need anything filmed, or we'll go ahead and leverage what assets we have on file to get those key things. So to where like they can create the particular creative itself.

We'll also commonly use incense.pro. This is where for our clients that pay us to film the content, we'll use incense.pro. That's where we get all of our content from, like things that are filmed.

If you mention my name at, like when you schedule a demo with them, and you mentioned that you came from Nickterio, I want to say you're going to get like 10% off. Oh no, you need a hundred dollar ad credits for their creators. If you mentioned my name, Nickterio, when you book a demo.

So just full transparency on that. But yeah, so that's what happened. Things go on frame.io.

Visual creator be sent back to my copywriter. My copywriter will approve things. And then, you know, like awaiting approval until like my copywriter approves it.

My copywriter will approve it and then put in paid advertising. And that's where my media buyer takes over. And then my media buyer will go ahead and actually go ahead and upload it to the ad account.

So here in the ad account, this is where I'll show you guys. And look, full transparency, this particular like client, like this is more of like a fun project for us. And it's not really a profitable store at all.

So like you can go ahead, funnel hack it, rip our ads, whatever. But I'm going to tell you right now, like it's not going to be profitable. So just full transparency.

I use this purely as a store that I can showcase on YouTube videos. So inside of our account, obviously, you guys know we use one campaign per business objective. So right now, our best selling product, our infinity sign, that's our one campaign.

We have a Father's Day campaign right now. As soon as like June 10th, 11th gets here, this campaign is going to tank and I'm going to turn it off. Father's Day is on June 18th.

But any type of anytime you're running promo ads for like a holiday, seven days before the actual day. So Father's Day is on June 18th, seven days prior June 11th. That's usually the shipping cutoff date and performance just tanks because no people know they're not going to get in before Father's Day.

So we'll be turning that campaign off another day or two. Now, this is our main campaign where we put everything. So you can see right here, it's a CBO campaign.

We have our main ad set and then we have our testing ad sets. You can see that number again, 138, 136, 136A. And if we look inside of our frame.io, we have those same specific numbers.

Come on. Yeah, like 139, 136. And then if we go into Asana as well, everything is labeled 139, 137, all that good stuff.

So everything keeps to a T is organized. And basically what happens is if it doesn't hit certain spin goals, which again, if you watch my YouTube video and want to turn a Facebook ad off, if it doesn't hit certain spin goals, then we turn a Facebook ad off. And if it does, then we do is we move it into our main ad set where we have our winners.

Very simple. That's what we do. So then what we do is after we run the test or like once something is put testing and paid advertising, then my media buyer will have it like an analyze results.

And then what we'll do is we'll do a team call together going over those specific learnings. So what I pretty much do as a strategist is I help out plan these concepts of like what we need to take action on. And then my team goes and fulfill on that specific concept.

And each particular person has a set specific role in the creative process. My media buyer helps out with what the account needs. My copywriter helps out with actual like the writing, the copy and scripting out some of the stuff.

My visual creator helps out with receiving the content and editing all the content together. And then I help out by focusing on the key things we need to fill in the business to hit those certain revenue goals that's going to make the business more money. So that's how we all kind of work together.

But yeah. So like I said, this is something that took me years to figure out like what works the best way. So you could literally take this same exact application.

And when I mean application, same exact kind of way we structure things. Even though we're an agency, you can literally do this because this is exactly how in-house teams for larger brands are put together. So really hope this kind of helps out with understanding the whole key process from there and really helps you build better ads inside of here.

Now, if you're looking for this particular ad accelerator right here, currently this is something I'm not willing to give away for free on YouTube because I spent so much time putting this together, refining and improving. And I really want to keep it very special right now just to my inner circle students. So if you're an inner circle student, then this should be in your dashboard already.

But if you're not an inner circle student, if you click the link below, have Nick Terrio mentor you and go to terriosolutions.com slash inner circle. And I literally have an 11 minute video going over everything that comes through with the inner circle. But, you know, like I said, it's $600 per month.

You can cancel anytime. You get access to about 30 plus different SOPs. You get one 30 minute call a month with me.

Full transparency. I charge $1,000 an hour for one call. But you get a 30 minute call with me for $600 per month plus 30 plus SOPs plus a 24-7 text group chat and telegram and community of 30 other members.

And you also get a weekly Q&A call, group call with me Fridays at 1 p.m. CST. So, again, that's $600 per month.

Just go to the website. Secure your spot today. Coaches, e-commerce brands.

Pretty much anyone running Facebook ads. You can join. Simple as that.

There's going to be value for anyone in that case. And, yeah, very straightforward. So, if you're interested in that, click the link below.

But, yeah, guys. This is how we build high converting Facebook ads. And I really hope this helps you out with in terms of kind of like showing you the full process we leverage and, you know, helping ads be built.

So, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.