YouTube, how's it going? Nick Theriault here. What's happening?

Kind of like this direct angle I have with you guys. But look, what's happening? Hope you guys are doing great.

Today I have an exciting new video. We are going to discuss cutting through the noise and how cutting through the noise can exponentially scale your growth inside of e-com. And it's something that I think is kind of more of a mindset video that a lot of people I see struggle, including me.

So with that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into it, guys. So one of the biggest things as a e-com person and at least starting your brand, let's say, for example, you start pushing some spin a little bit, a little bit of spin, start running a little bit of ads, start validating your brand, validating your product and stuff like that is there's a lot of noise in the market.

Okay. You have this person right here talking about ABO, this person right here talking about CBO. You got this person right here talking about UGC.

You got this person right here talking about dynamic creative testing. You got this person right here talking about lookalikes. And look, honestly, guys, it's definitely something that can become very frustration because you have all of these different like sources of information across the internet and it becomes very difficult to cut through the noise and pick out one to follow.

And I want to give you guys a little analogy. So I'm really big into fitness. I'm very, very passionate about it.

More of like the bodybuilding kind of gym niche and everything like that. And there's a lot of different diets that circulate around. There's keto, there's, you know, vegan, there's macro counting, there's calorie counting.

There's a bunch of different diets. There's also a bunch of different workouts. There is CrossFit, there's bodybuilding, there's going to run, there's just going to play sports and being athletic and stuff.

And a lot of these diets plus workouts can get the desired results that people want. So what I mean by that is all of them can get that majority of all of them can get that desired raw results of a low body fat percentage, healthy, muscular physique. Let's just say that majority, not all of them, but majority of them.

And the key thing here is that all of them do it. It doesn't really matter which one you follow, but in order to get there, you have to pick one and commit to it. Okay.

So that's the biggest thing is there's a lot of different strategies out there, but in order for one to work, you need to pick one and commit to it. Okay. Every time you test a new strategy, that's like a week of learning, two weeks of learning it.

You start testing around, fumbling around, playing with it, playing with it, wasting a little bit of spin. Oh, it didn't work. Let's go choose another one.

Do that. It doesn't work. Go choose another one.

Okay. So you keep doing this over and over and over and you just don't get anywhere. Okay.

And I was the same way. In e-com, I fumbled around with a lot of different strategies to the point now where it's like, I took a step back and realized at scale what I'm trying to accomplish and what is the most effective way I can get there. Okay.

So I chose my diet essentially, and I'm committing to that. And that's what's allowed me to scale and spin what, I think we're close to about eight to $9 million in revenue cumulative total between all of our brands, somewhere around a two to three X return, no, like three X return on ad spend. So, and that's nothing.

There's people out there spend a hundred million dollars a year, $200 million, not a hundred million dollars a year. There's brands spend a hundred million brand year, but there's people out there spending a hundred million dollars. Yeah.

A year on Facebook ads. That's, that's the reality of it. So it's really nothing compared to some people.

So, but what's allowed me to go past that million dollar mark was picking to a strategy and sticking with it. So let's take a step back. Let's kind of focus now what exactly I'm talking about, because I don't want this to just be a big theoretical video and it completely fall over your head.

So for me, I, as an intro to e-com, um, I remember I was doing a lot of these, just random campaigns inside of an ad accounts. And it was just like, every time I, the sense of just creating a new campaign and using the same creative, same audiences over and over, just like it, I don't know why I just kept like chasing this dream that some magically pop off some new, great, compelling results. Maybe one, a bid cap, maybe one, a cost cap, maybe one CBO, one ABO, maybe one every now and then with some look likes every now and then some interest and stuff like that.

I kept repeating the same actions over and over. And I was essentially pushing a dead horse because I didn't realize at the time, what was driving performance and what it gave that initial performance increase. And that comes down to the creative and the messaging, creative and messaging.

Now, don't get me wrong audience and the campaign structure to a degree does play an effect to that. Um, and this is also assuming you have a great product. So we only work with brands at a certain level because we want to make sure that a product has somewhat validated before we step into their business or it's burning money faster than you could think.

So if they have a validated product, then we can step in and scale them pretty fairly quickly because we know exactly what needs to happen. So first things first is you need a dedicated scaling campaign inside your ad account. Um, we've been using CBO have a dedicated campaign.

So we have one campaign top of funnel, um, run a CBO in it, run, start off at five or start off with a comfortable spin. You could spend every day, regardless of performance. I tell our clients, we need at least a hundred dollars a day to spend regardless of performance because it gives us something to work with here.

We'll put in one best performing audience and it'll put in two or three best performing ads inside of there. And then what we'll do is we'll simply duplicate that audience, that ad set, and we'll put a little spin to it with a new audience, test that audience. If it doesn't work, kill it, toss another one in and we'll spend up to our AOV AOV is 300 bucks.

We're spending 300 bucks. It's a hundred dollars. We're spending a hundred dollars.

So once the lifetime spent on that particular audience is at that, we cut it off. If it's not profitable, leave it on. If it's profitable, if we leave it on, it's profitable.

We're going to test our next audience and we're going to build up a few key audiences inside that CBO. Again, I have videos on this $108,000 in 30 days. I think I have like 20 something thousand dollars in seven days.

These are recent videos to just upload to the channel. So next thing is lately I've been starting a new campaign and just calling it creative testing campaign. I take my best performing audience and just keep putting new ads in it.

And once the lifetime of that new ad reaches one XR AOV and it's not profitable, I'll kill it. If it's profitable, I kill it and move into my scaling campaign. Simple as that.

I'm just running through new ads. Okay. What that does is lots of tests, a lot of ads.

We keep building up this scaling campaign with a lot of creative ads and stuff that works, which builds up our arsenal. So that's our strategy. That's how we increase spin because as you test new creatives, as you keep killing things, that's not working and sprouting new spawn, you're going to see that ROAS shoot up.

ROAS shoots up. You're going to start pushing that spin 20% every day. Easy as that.

There's been times where I aggressively scale. And the only time I aggressively scale is if I'm seeing like two to three times higher ROAS than I'm shooting for. So if I'm shooting for a 2X inside of Facebook, then, and I'm getting a 4.5, I'm doubling that budget and I'm just duplicating that campaign at a higher budget to do that.

So if it's okay, Hey, it's, it's doing good, but now we're like, it still needs to be a little bit better. It's increasing by 20% and pushing more. So that's my ad account.

That's it. And going to have videos on that structure and stuff like that. But why I want to take a step back and just kind of elaborate on that for you.

Cause that's my, that's my diet. Essentially my diet is that accounts really simple, really easy to manage. I'm not looking for these crazy bid caps, cost caps, and these crazy things.

Keeping it very straightforward, very simple, easy to manage. And what's going to happen is that you're going to find yourself one to two times a week loading in new ads to test. And you're going to spend five minutes a day to manage it.

So guess what? You're six, seven hours that you're spending every day, trying to do all these crazy things in the ads managers and condense down now to five minutes a day. Now you're going to sit down at your desk, bored of shit.

You'll be bored of shit. And you're going to try to like go screw something up in the ad account because you're like, Oh my God, I got to do something to improve performance. Now here's where that paradigm shift happened for me.

And I don't know when it'll happen for you. I hope it's after this video, but it may take a little time before you fully get it. And that's okay.

We all run, learn at different rates and maybe eventually, like I said, it's something I didn't get at first. So I'm saying this based off experience. I'm not judging anyone like that.

I'm saying literally, I didn't get it at first. Then I finally just had that aha moment and realized what I was doing was completely wrong by sitting in my ad account every day and day trading essentially. So now my new paradigm, I'm like, okay, ad accounts done.

I have seven hours and 55 minutes rest of the day. What else can I do to improve performance? And the next biggest thing is creating a batch of high quality creatives, creatives with the creatives, which your product that's going to sell high converting creatives.

Now a problem many people have right now that I'll watch this channel is that when they go create new creatives, they spend five minutes quickly doing it, tossing them to the ads manager and it doesn't work. Big agencies will spend 40 to 80 hours on a creative before they launch an ads manager. But guess what?

They have extreme high confidence that's going to work and it works 95% of the time. They spend a ton of time in that one creative. Imagine one video ad spending 40 to 80 hours into it.

Look at a commercial on TV. They get that one chance to make this really compelling commercial hundreds of thousand dollars to go into it. Like a super bowl commercial.

Imagine spending 2.3, $4 million in a super bowl commercial. Yep. One, one 30 seconds to get that right.

So I'm not saying you need to spend your whole week creating one video ad. I'm just saying that, Hey, now your rest of your week, spend it on creating a batch. Let's just say you commit to three new creatives a week or six new creatives a week every week, like a clock, six new creatives turn out.

Boom, boom, boom. That's 24 new creatives a month, 24 new creatives backed with a few hours now of research and understanding your demographic and testing things based off research is now put into those creatives. And all of a sudden your performance starts shooting up.

And that's where I had my aha moment. Cause I sat back and I said, okay, Nick, last six months, I've had two, maybe three particular times I can note down on my notepad of just huge spikes in performance for clients. I'm like, okay, Nick, what did I do to get that performance?

Like, what was that spike? Was it a new audience? And I was like, well, no, in fact, actually the last six months I've been spending, just rolling in over and over and over the same creative with like new audiences, things like that.

That's it. New structures, everything. Then I was like, okay, well, what was the key things that really exploded out of that?

I was like, well, on that day I put a new creative inside of the account. Like, okay. And big performance shot up, tested some new copy, new angle.

Oh, and that day for that account. Yeah. New creative, new offer, new campaign, but like a new campaign is a marketing campaign with a specific agenda, not just a new campaign and ad account.

And that right there is what led to 95% of my success with Facebook ads, where it's at other 5%. And I was just turning over and over, just playing around with ad account strategies and things like that, because realistically that does nothing. It has some level of effect.

Don't get me wrong. But when you look at what's going to give you 80% of your performance, it's going to be creative that are 20% will be ABO, CBO, bid cap, cost cap. You know, can you scale with like by increasing budget 20% a day or doubling it?

Like those things right there, just little creative though. That's a whole new ball game that a lot of people that follow this channel aren't playing yet. And majority of reason why is because they don't know.

And that's okay. Again, I've been there like my first client, like literally every time they made an Instagram post, I would take it, put it in that account and scale it. Now, if I look back at another one of my clients, I tried that exact strategy.

Didn't work. And I was like, I don't know how to do ads. It's not that I did not do ads.

It's just my strategy was not set up for success. Now my strategy is what type of creative can I create to get people to take an action? There's three key things about a good creative.

It grabs attention. It creates desire. And it's a reason to take action.

Now you keep doing that over and over and over, regardless if you're on Tik TOK, YouTube ads, Snapchat ads, Google ads, Facebook ads, it's the same three core principles that's been established since the sixties. When some of the older copywriting books, newspaper, radio, television, social media, it's the same three things. Grab attention, create desire, reason to take action.

Now that's what I'm trying to master long, long-term version of me being a very, very good expert in those three fields to where I can go ahead and step into any brand and really be able to help them out with those three core principles. Cause that's going to give you yield you much higher results than a Nick, AB or CBO. And don't get me wrong.

It's okay to ask that. It is okay to ask that if you're consistently pushing out new creative and you consistently got all your ducks in a row, it's okay to ask that. Cause you're just looking for those extra five to 10% optimizations, but it's the accounts that are very, very struggling, very, very hard.

And they're on a been on a very harsh decline the last six months. I'm like, all right, Hey, you know, like what's going on? How can I help you?

Like, man, I just don't know if I need to do AB or CBO performance has been horrible last six months. I was like, okay, cool. Let's, let's take a look at everything.

Put some new creative in there. A creative. No.

Why? Why would I do that? So like looking at those things right there, testing new things, things like that.

So that's been a big thing for me is that I cut through the noise. I identified a strategy I can just consistently follow. And then now it's paying dividends for me and my clients as we help them.

And cause we have a proven way to go about it. And you see now I'm cut through the noise of all these different crazy things to, okay, here's what I need to do. I'm laser focused on it.

This is going to open up a whole new set of problems. So now I'm not worried about AB or CBO. That's all behind me.

Now I'm looking at, okay, should I do UGC or should I do a storytelling creative? Should I use this hook? Like I'll pull up three different hooks for a video and I'm like, okay, which hook yields the best performance for that video?

Let's say for example, it's okay. Do I want to focus on the hook or do I want to focus on the other 95% of the video? What's going to do the best at grabbing attention and selling people on this product?

So I'm looking at higher level plays in the business now from a creative standpoint and a strategy standpoint versus things that don't really have much weight. And you see it then involves a whole new set of problems you have to overcome. And again, that's something I'm going to cover more on this channel than making higher level decisions, you know, for creative.

Okay. Hey, what are the key creatives we need to put inside this ad account? Testimonials, UGC, us versus them, unboxings.

Like what's all the core things we need to have? Different things, handle objections and stuff like that. Like that's a very, very meaty topic right there.

And that's something I thrive on. Something I love to talk about. So, and that's more common to this channel for that.

So going back to the topic of this video, just to sum everything up, have a set strategy for your ad account, how you manage it and stuff like that. And stay resilient and stay consistent on sticking with that same strategy, tweaking it very minor if you need to, and focusing on what actually creates results inside of an ad account. Because as you continue to thrive and get better at that, you're going to see results shoot up and you'll be going to scale faster with your store.

So really hope you guys enjoy this video a little bit more kind of like mindset talking and everything like that, but really hope y'all enjoyed it. So again, if you're an AECOM business and you're checking out the channel and stuff like that, and you're doing at least $25,000 per month in revenue, make sure you click below to book call with me and my team. We'll jump on a call, help you out with strategy.

We've helped stores scale six and seven figures per month. Um, we'll do a strategy session with you and you can take that strategy and run with it or you have the option to work with us. If you choose now, that being said, if you're doing less than 25 K months, stick around on the channel because there's nothing more, but heat coming to help you scale.

A majority of people that work with us, they work with us because they literally just are so busy. They don't have time to be worried about this marketing stuff and they need to outsource to a trusted partner. And that's where we come in and play.

So thank you all so much for watching. Make sure that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you guys so much for checking in.

Talk to you guys later. Peace.