Are you struggling to write your next Facebook ad? We've all been there. You basically sit down and you stare at your screen and it's just completely blank.

Like, how the hell does Nick do it? You know, what am I gonna write for my next million dollar Facebook ad that converts? Well, today I'm gonna be showing you kind of my exact process that I follow.

You know, this is applied for every Facebook ad we write. So it's not just when we get stuck. It's gonna show you kind of like how we go through with coming up with the idea and slowly kind of doing that warmup.

It's actually writing a banger ad. So let's look at the screen. This is kind of going through like our kind of like flow state, which I call it to get in that flow state for actually writing a great ad.

You see, I'm like really big to like fitness and stuff like that. And when I go to the gym, I don't sit down and just like immediately like throw 225 on the bar and start squatting or bench pressing something like that. I do like a warmup.

It's actually kind of get in the zone. And when you guys actually go ahead and like write that Facebook ad, you actually kind of like don't do any warmup or anything. You just go in like, all right, let's max out.

And problem with that is that you can hurt yourself. Likelihood, you can't lift as much as you want. And it's just a lot of other like just not so great things.

So this is kind of like my warmup process to write a Facebook ad. So that way I never struggle to write a Facebook ad. And when I say write a Facebook ad, this is like my creative plans, a body copy, the headline.

If I have to write a script for the video, how I write that script, it is everything. So let's get started. So first thing I look at, like this is our flow state chart.

There's kind of two routes I'll start off of that's gonna like give me my good amount of ideas to kind of like lubricate the mind in a way of being in the right mindset. I might need to start off with a 30 minute research session or I might start off with a 30 minute ad review. Just kind of depends on the client.

You know, depending on where we were at, maybe we're at a hard wall where we haven't had any success at all with the ads we've been testing, I might be going and researching completely new ways to open up that market. Or we've been running this account for a while. It's been working really well.

And I just wanna kind of take a look at like previous successes and previous failures to see if there's any new ideas from there. So starting off with this is gonna give me kind of that lubrication, get me in that like start and be in the right mindset of, you know, writing copy or writing a creative plan or like ideas for like what type of creatives you wanna run in the account. Now, once we do that, I like to look at a list of hooks.

Now, these lists of hooks, you can have your own kind of swipe file of list of hooks. My favorite, I have about 30 something, like kind of like just hook patterns, headline patterns. My favorite place that I've gotten these from is Breakthrough Advertising, which is right here on my shelf, which I also break down exclusively in my training program, The Inner Circle, which is linked below in the comments.

And I can even give you guys that exact list in a PDF for you guys. But you can have your own. You can literally just go and like look up like top performing videos on TikTok, top performing ads, just write down a bunch of list of hooks that work really well.

And that's it. Just have some inspiration of different types of patterns and essentially like different types of templates we can use to start writing those first couple ideas down. Now, what I'll do is, is maybe I'll start picking a couple and start writing hooks with them.

So like maybe for example, measure the speed of the claim, how to increase your Facebook ad ROAS in as little as 24 hours, for example, or measure the size of the claim, which is like how to go from a 2X to a 4X ROAS in as little as three days with Facebook ads. So I'm gonna start writing down a couple hooks that just simply makes sense to me. And that's gonna kind of give me that right flow state.

And again, starting to give me now, actually starting, I go from like just research, review, to have a couple patterns I'm looking at. So now I'm actually starting to put kind of like, you know, rubber meets the pavement in that way, where I'm actually starting to put down some actual ideas that are more kind of specific to the content of like the direction I wanna go. Now, what I'll do is, then I'm gonna take that hook idea.

I'm gonna take that hook. So maybe it's like how to measure Facebook ads or how to increase Facebook ad ROAS in as little as three days. Maybe I'll take the hook right there.

And then what I'm gonna do is actually drop that into like chat sheet. Now, if you just kind of sit down right now and think about, all right, how to increase Facebook ad ROAS in as little as three days. For example, ask yourself, what are all the creative ways we can articulate that?

So one way could be just simply just me talking to the camera. Another way is like a slideshow. Another way I can like kind of showcase like different visuals of the ROAS going from this to this.

I can show different strategies that allow us to do that. So you can already start getting some ideas in your head. What I'm gonna do is, is I'm simply gonna write that hook and that idea.

I'm gonna give it a chat GPT and I'm gonna tell chat GPT to make me like a photo ad or a video ad with that to where I can start getting like a video script or a photo script. And I say like photo script, it's more kind of like the plans of everything that needs to go in that photo to make it a successful ad. So I'm gonna do that and I'm gonna give it a chat GPT and the chat GPT is gonna take that idea and kind of start to put the rough draft together.

The rough draft is the hardest place. This is where so many advertisers die at, it's the rough draft because they simply just cannot even make the first just kind of template and like the first thing to start building off of. Once you get the rough draft over, everything else becomes very easy.

And so if you get the rough draft on a chat GPT, then you can go and start the more important part and the part that people like me and other advertisers are paid a lot of money for. And this is having that critical eye to really refine something and make it convert. So I'll take that and I'll copy it over to a Google doc.

Maybe it's a UGC script, for example, and I'll toss it in a Google doc. Now I'm gonna do a few different rewrites and I'm doing this manually. I'm not leveraging chat GPT.

I'm doing this manually now. We got the idea on paper. We found an idea that works well for us.

Now we're gonna do the manual part of the process. And this is simply just from years of experience, having a really good eye for advertising. But the first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna rewrite it for strategy.

Now this is where I'm more focusing on incorporating all of these ad techniques I know. If you wanna know more about these ad techniques, check out Breakthrough Advertising. There's a lot of really good ad techniques for like a high level of psychology and all that good stuff right there.

So, you know, and again, in my inner circle, link below, I teach all of these strategies that we apply for clients and spend over $2 million a month on Facebook ads for. So rewrite number one for the strategy right there. I'm just simply just rewriting it, but incorporating more of the high level psychology techniques.

Not really worried about how it sounds yet. Not really worried about if it flows yet. I just wanna kind of see where we can kind of really refine that to make it more powerful from an advertising perspective.

Now I'm gonna rewrite the whole thing again, except this time I wanna focus on style. Now style is where we're gonna add more descriptive words. So how to increase revenue for your business, how to explode revenue in your business that's going to make you literally sell out of all the inventory in your business.

So it just sounds a lot better than how to increase revenue for your business. Big impact words, more entertaining, anything that seems just like long and just not needed, we wanna cut that fat. So that's rewrite number two for style.

Now rewrite number three is simply to improve flow. This is gonna be more where I'm gonna read the script out loud. So I encourage you to read your ad plan, but read it out loud and it should feel natural.

You should kind of feel out the words, roll off your tongue, and it should just roll together. If you have a lot of stutters and kind of just like, eh, I don't really know how to do the next step, that means you need to kind of go back and you need to rewrite it to flow naturally. It should feel like you having a conversation with someone else, one of your friends, family members or something like that.

And then that's it. And that's pretty much the whole process of how we kind of write a Facebook ad and build a Facebook ad. Now I do have other videos on the channel, how to like build a Facebook ad from scratch in 2023.

That's another really good one where I incorporate more of like the research and like step by step and everything. But this is more for the people that are getting stuck writing the Facebook ad, don't really know what to do next. You know, they go to the pen and paper and they're stuck, they're struggling.

This video was for you. So make sure you guys hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out. Peace out.