How to target your ideal audience in 2023 with Facebook ads. They'll be giving you my Facebook ads targeting strategy that I personally leverage and has been crushing in the last year and a half. We've personally done over about, you know, we spent somewhere around like $10 million last year on Facebook ads using this exact targeting strategy.

So, new to the channel, don't know who I am. My name is Nick Theriault, run a Facebook ads agency. I also coach and mentor students.

Both links below for that below will, you know, be available for you too if you wanna check out how you can be mentored by me or how you can work with our agency. So, before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So, how to target your ideal audience in 2023 with Facebook ads, okay?

Before I actually show you that, I need you to understand something, okay? So, when you launch a Facebook ad, okay? When you go and create an ad and launch it, okay?

Facebook analyzes that whole ad, okay? It reads all of your ad copy, you know, it reads your headline you give it. It also goes on like Facebook, like your website and does like a check, pulls some terminology off that.

That's why like if you have like a lot of like make money online or weight loss niches, you have too aggressive claims on your website, it will shut down, you know, it will reject that ad, okay? And what happens is, is it pulls hundreds and thousands of data points, okay? And it categorizes your product or your ad to what I would say groups, okay?

So, for example, this ad right here is that, you know, let's say something like weight loss because, you know, it talks about like weight loss in here, okay? Colors, that's in it, blue, pink, okay? Cereal, because it showcased cereal in here.

Super collagen protein, because it says it on the bottle. Wrinkles, because it says, you know, wrinkles right here, okay? Hair growth, because it talks about hair growth in here, okay?

Now, this is just my own like little thing, but Facebook will take a lot more data points from that, okay? And Facebook takes all these data points, okay? And you could literally do exactly the same for yourself if you go to imagerecognize.com and like you could upload an image and it'll like literally talk about like the different things that's inside of here, okay?

So advertisement, poster, person, woman, adult, female, text, like it, yeah. And like Facebook is like 10,000 times better than this, you know, particular tool, okay? There used to be a free tool that Google has where you could upload it and it'll say like all kinds of crazy things like super, super accurate, okay?

So when you launch this ad, it then goes ahead, it makes all these categorizes, like categories, categories. And then what happens is it puts these people in these buckets, okay? People who are into weight loss products, people who are likely to use protein, people who likely use collagen, people who likely struggle with wrinkles, okay?

Now, the reason why I'm telling you this is because when you wanna target your ideal audience, the type of messaging, the ad positioning, the brand identity, the identity you showcase in the creative itself, the benefits, the problem you articulate to people, all of this becomes hyper relevant with targeting your ideal customer, okay? Word for word, okay? So that's important, okay?

Every little detail of your ad, okay? Like you can have significant impact by having a 20-year-old girl and a 50-year-old woman literally go film a UGC ad, okay? They can say exactly the same thing.

One will crush, one won't, okay? 20-year-old girl would crush it if it's a younger brand. A 50-year-old would crush it if it's an older brand, okay?

Not saying 50-year-old's bad or not saying 20-year-old's bad, okay? Just depending on the scenario, okay? Now, the reason why I wanna showcase this with you is because what happens is that when you launch an ad, it goes through all of this.

Then when Facebook launches it, it chooses maybe 100 people, for example, all right? I don't know the exact number, but it chooses a certain group of people, okay? But you're adding in front of 100 people, okay?

It'll split that group up into two people, people who do not like it and people who are happy with it. They love that ad, okay? Well, guess what?

The people who didn't like it, they go and they send the ad now to people who like this one, okay? So now Facebook is building an audience off your ad you created, okay? And it continues to build and continues to optimize specifically around people who resonate with that ad, okay?

All right? And then it continues going on and on and on and never stops, okay? And I'm gonna show you guys how I'm gonna prove that to you, okay?

So Facebook, I had the exact same ads, both are in the same ad set, broad targeting, no specific interest, look likes, or anything like that, okay? And this KGD47, again, both of them have the exact ad copy and everything, okay? KGD47 served 94% of its spend to male and 6% to female, okay?

There's a guy in the ad, okay? This ad right here has a female in it. Guess what?

KGD46, we opened up that female market and spent about 70% of our budget on females, okay? And 40% on males, okay? Now I do have a reason why it spent on males and had a female in it, but look at the difference just between female and all right here.

By showing a female golfer, we expanded to the female market without changing a single targeting option on the ad set level, okay? Now, it's important to understand this because I'm further giving proof and clarity to all of this, to back up these statements right here, I'm making right here, that Facebook recognizes all of this, okay? And because more females were resonating with that ad, it kept serving it to more and more females, okay?

Where females right here were not resonating. So guess what? It just stopped putting people in front of that.

And look, you can see, literally both of them got almost, both of them got 10 grand in spend and this one right here spent $600 on female and this one right here spent $7,600, okay? Both of them got the same amount of spend, but they dilute, they spent the spin across your demographic differently. Why?

Because the ad creates the audience, okay? So when you wanna know how to target radio audience, it needs to go back down to what are we putting inside of the ad? What is the, what is the, you know, specifically like, like what's the, you know, identity, okay?

What's the age, all right? What's the avatar? What's the age?

What environment do we need to put this at, okay? What words do we need to use in it, okay? What is their current problems right now, okay?

Have they, are they market sophistication level one? Are they market level sophistication level three, okay? What's their level of market awareness?

Are they unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, aware, you know? What is their main desire? What do they want?

What's the main benefit they want from us, okay? All of these key things create that audience. And what audience do we use for 2023 for targeting?

It's simple. We use broad targeting. We simply use age, gender, and location.

That is it. And we let the ad do all of the targeting, okay? Why?

Because it allows us to have longer longevity inside of our ad accounts. We see ads run for substantially longer period of time. We never worry about audience fatigue or ad fatigue and things like that.

We hit better CPAs at higher levels of spend. We less management in the ad accounts. One less variable to stop worrying about, okay?

So that's why we do that. That's why we do broad targeting. Because we let Facebook do the targeting based off who resonates with the ad, okay?

And there is a lot of misconception that Facebook will put my ad in front of a poor quality audience. But if you build your ad speaking to your ideal audience, you do not have to worry about that, okay? And the people who are getting shit poor results with broad targeting, those are the people who are building bad ads, okay?

So when I get comments on my videos saying, hey, Nick, I tried broad targeting, it didn't work. Well, did you make broad targeting work for you? Did you consistently keep building amazing assets, giving it to Facebook, specifically targeting your ideal customer by building the right ads for that customer?

Or did you continue to keep building the shit poor ads you have now and running those and not seeing the results you want, okay? So these are all key things you need to look at, all right? And look, hey, if it's what's working for you right now is working for you, like, I feel great for you, okay?

But I've seen substantial amounts of success by committing to going broad and unlocking broad for my business. Because it's allowed me to scale over a dozen different brands in 2022, okay? Three of which we took to seven figures a month.

We had one specific brand that was literally stuck at $1,000 a day in ads. We came in their business, we built better ads that were very specific to their target audience. And then from there, we brought targeting those specific ads.

We were able to scale to $15,000 a day. We spent $4.5 million in 2022. Year before, they spent $365,000.

And we made them back $25 million in revenue, okay? I knew broad targeting works, all right? We even had smaller accounts, okay?

You know, for my agency, my agency, I only spent $100 a day on ads because I get a lot of my leads from YouTube. So I don't even really need to spend on ads, but I do it just to do it, okay? I get leads for $10, $20 a lead.

Spending $100 a day, I'm targeting broad targeting 18 plus USA. But I'm building the ads with the right imagery that these specific people want to resonate with. And I'm building these ads with the right messaging that only resonates with people who are my ideal clients, okay?

So when you're saying broad targeting doesn't work for you, what you're really telling me is you have a lack of understanding of your customer avatar and you need to dig deeper around your marketing fundamentals, okay? Understanding the key things that your ad must convey for someone to purchase. So that's our how to target ideal customer or ideal audience 2023 Facebook ads.

I really hope this video kind of dug deep into this and explain our methodology and stuff like that. Thank you guys so much for watching. Hit the like button.

Hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out. Peace out.