How to achieve explosive growth with your Shopify store in 2023. Today, I'll be breaking down one of the things that are the most overlooked part of actually growing a Shopify store. A lot of people are fascinated with the Facebook ads.

They're fascinated with all the tools and technologies of putting the business together and everything and scaling, but they miss out on the planning and execution of what numbers they need to hit to be profitable as a business. And to achieve explosive growth, you need to know what numbers to hit to be able to hit that particular growth. So today, I'm going to be showing you guys how to actually plan those numbers out.

I'll be giving you a free template today that is exclusive to just my Inner Circle members, but I'm giving this to you guys for free to where you guys can download and leverage for yourself. But this will be a template that you can use to actually plan and forecast your numbers from a CPA perspective and LTV perspective and doing a little bit of kind of scenario modeling in that sense right there of how you can make more money with your business by actually looking at the numbers. Okay.

So I'll be taking you guys through a crash course on how to plan numbers for your business to make sure you have a profitable business and hit those profit goals that you want from a personal perspective. So before we get started, if you're kind of questioning, why am I even credible to be teaching this type of stuff? My name is Nick Terrio.

I've done over $50 million in online revenue for my clients through my advertising agency. I work with clients as more of like a growth partner style where we run all their ads. We also consult them in other parts of their business to make them more money at the end of the day.

And we've helped multiple brands now and scale it to seven figures per month in revenue. I also coach and mentor students, which is also below as well, where I have my Inner Circle where people get feedback on how they can help them grow their business, as well as me review their ads one-on-one style in that case right there. So both those links below how we can help you.

And yeah, make sure you like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into the video.

So how to achieve explosive growth for your Shopify store in 2023. So I just want to show you guys a little model. This is one of the stores that we grew across 2022.

We start with them in October of 2021. So we worked with them all of 2022 and all of 2023. You can compare year over year.

Last January is about 384 in revenue. This January is about $1,000,000 in revenue. Last February, about $459,000.

This February, $870,000. Time I'm filming this video, it's about March 17th. We've already did $504,000.

So on track to severely outpace March of last year and probably on track about February, January in specific numbers right there. So overall for the year, very profitable for this business and growing at a really good rate. So one key thing about this particular business is that, you know, we keep track of things like new customer revenue and returning customer revenue.

Okay. And it's a big part of growth for this business is that we have a steady, you know, stream of new customers coming on a daily basis, but we also have a steady stream of returning customers coming on a daily basis. Now it's becomes hard for a lot of you guys to be able to actually forecast that.

And that's why today I want to be giving you guys a template for you guys to use. Okay. We're going to be giving you a template that you can use to actually go ahead and forecast numbers for your business to where you can understand what your profit points look like on a day one period.

And also to which your profit points look over three months when you're modeling the LTV side for your customers. So going through this sheet right here, if you click the link below, I'll take you to this. And this is where you can get this full link and all that good stuff right there.

Bring it this Google sheets and you can actually leverage it for yourself. Just simply click the button. It'll take you to this page and you just go file, make a copy and save to your Google drive.

So with that being said, let's go ahead and start filling out this sheet. So first things first is I know majority 90% of you guys use triple well. So I'm basically make a lot of triple well references for this video.

If you don't have triple well, well, I highly recommend it. It's very good. I use that for all my attribution and stuff with Shopify and Facebook ads.

Okay. So last 90 days is what I'm going to be setting my triple well to. And then I'm gonna start pulling some numbers.

So for example, this sheet right here, you want to look at the last 90 days or, you know, three month period of time and anything in this light blue cell right here is edible. So not edible, editable, something like that. Okay.

So last 90 days, it's $93 AOV or 93 euros. It doesn't really matter what currency is just numbers. So yeah, so 93 euros.

Now the next thing we need to fill out is cost of goods per AOV. Some of you guys have that on top of your head. Some people do not.

So I'm gonna show you guys a trick right there for cost of goods. Take your net sales right here, net sales, and you're going to do cogs divided by net sales. And that's when you get your percentage of cogs.

And then what you're going to do is you're going to multiply that percent times your AOV, which equals dollar amount of cogs. So we had, and to get cogs, I just scroll down all the way in trip. Well, it's where I see the expense section and I see the $611,000 of cogs.

Now, this is an account that we have accurate, you know, basically reporting on cost of goods, shipping and stuff between Shopify and Triplewell. If you know that's incorrect, then just go look at your cost of goods, you know, over the last 90 days in whatever software you do have. Okay.

So cost of goods and shipping. We have all this. Okay.

So I'm taking my cost of goods, which is $611,000. I'm dividing it by my net sales, which is 2.3 million. You can see right here, net sales.

And then I'm gonna get 26%. I'm gonna do 26% times 93, which is my AOV. I'm gonna get $24.18.

Okay. So I'm gonna come right here, $24.18. Now, next thing is I'm gonna look at shipping and handling.

Okay. I'm literally gonna do exactly the same. Now, this account doesn't have handling fees incorporated in there.

So I'm just gonna use shipping. I'm also gonna include payment gateways as well. So this $159,000 right here you have, I have is payment gateways plus shipping.

If you have handling fees set up correctly, shipping and payment gateways, then add all three of those together. So I'm gonna get $159,000. I'm gonna divide it by my net sales and I'm gonna get 6%.

6% times $93 is $5.58. Okay. So that's how much I spend on shipping and handling.

Okay. Now, now we're starting to see some numbers. Okay.

Calculated gross profit per AOV, $63. Okay. That's your AOV subtracted by your land that cost per AOV.

And that's also gonna give you your profit margin in a percentile right here. Okay. $63.

Now my break even CPA is also $63. Okay. Why is that?

Because if I'm willing to spend my whole profit margin, I'm gonna break even after COGS and shipping and handling. Okay. And it even tells me my break even ROAS, which is 1.47.

Okay. Now we're starting to go a little bit deeper now. Now we need a three month LTV.

Okay. So if we go back to our sheet right here, and if I just simply make sure of my time range like this, and I scroll up a little bit, I can see on triple L, I can see my LTV, which is just from Shopify right here. And this is $120 and 45 cents over again, three months.

That's not like, you know, 12 months. That's simply just a three month LTV. Now let's go ahead and incorporate that.

So again, that was 120 euros. Okay. Boom.

Now we want to look at our three month NC ROAS. Okay. Now NC ROAS is new customer ROAS.

So here is basically our last 90 days. You can see overall ROAS, which is about 3.89. Okay.

Now if you watched my prior videos, I've preached scaling at overall ROAS. Okay. That's good.

It works very well, but now I'm going to show you guys that next level. Okay. The good stuff, the fun stuff.

Okay. A little bit more advanced stuff. Okay.

So our NC ROAS right here is about 2.7. Why is that lower? Okay.

Because NC ROAS is your new customer return on ads, that's your return on ads for acquire one new customer to the business. That's never purchased from you guys before. Okay.

You can see that right here, blended CPA and new customer acquisition. Your blended CPA incorporates both returning and new customer revenue. New customer CPA just includes new customer revenue.

How much did it cost you to acquire a new customer? Okay. So I know it's about 2.7 right here.

Okay. Over the last three months, that's the average is 2.7. So guess what?

I'm going to go to our CPA calculator. I'm going to type in 2.7. Okay.

Now three month monthly ad spend average. Out of three months, what is your average spend on ads? Well, this is $659,000, you know, on ads we spent.

So I'm going to do six, five, nine, three, four divided by three. And that comes out to $219,000. I'm just going to round up to $220,000 for the sake of this video.

Two, three. Boom. All right, cool.

So now we can actually start to see some numbers populating in this sense right here. Okay. So we have our current NC ROAS, our new customer ROAS, or like currency, like this is scenario one, basically what scenario one is just simply our NC ROAS.

Okay. This is where basically we're currently standing at. Okay.

You see right here, a day one profit is about $183,000. Okay. So we spend $220,000.

We make about $594,000 after cogs and shipping and handling. It's about $190,000. So our day one profits, $183,000.

Okay. Now that's basically on a monthly basis per month. We spend $220,000 and make back $183,000.

Okay. Now something that's a little bit more advanced. If we go further down here is we can see that we acquired 6,300 new customers to the business.

Now our three month LTV is $120. Okay. So over three months, our customer value profit is $301,000.

Okay. That does not mean that we make $183,000 in profit on day one, and then make another 300K in profit. No, this just means that all these 6,300 customers that we acquired on day one, they're worth $183,000.

And on day 90, they were $300,000. So they acquire about $117,000 more in value over three months, AKA over three months from day one to day 90, you make $117,000 more from these 6,300 customers. Okay.

That's simply that all that is. This is super important here because not a lot of people know this. Okay.

And that's why we're going to look at a few other scenarios here. So before I start messing around with some other ones, I want to show you guys this one right here. So this is the break even scenario.

This is assuming that you break even at a 1.47, which is your current break even rest. You scale up at 1.47. Okay.

Nothing wrong with that. Okay. That shows that you make $0 on day one.

Okay. Then over 90 days, you make $63,000. Okay.

So you spend $220,000, completely break even, you make $323,000 in revenue, you acquire 3,400 customers, and then you make back $63,000 in profit. Because what happens is over those 90 days, people purchase from you again. Okay.

So this is scaling at break even. Now it's important to know this because, you know, you can also see that even at running the business, I completely break even over 90 days, you're still gonna make $63,000 in profits. Okay.

So cool to know that too. So now from here, you can start planning. Okay.

And I just want to kind of keep going through here of what you should be looking for. So first question is, how much profit do I want to make on a monthly basis? That's also something else too.

Like how much do I want to make in terms of like goals for myself, but also too, like how much do I need on a monthly basis to cover base operating expenses? So like every month, you know, for example, like maybe your business takes $20,000 in expenses every month. It's between employees, they have to pay for full time warehouse space.

You also have to pay for things like, you know, I don't know, agency fees, these things like that. And you know, for a fact that you have to pay $50,000 every month in expenses. Again, this is profit just after ads, been shipping and handling, ads, been cogs, shipping and handling.

Okay. This isn't profit that you're taking home because you do have other expenses as a business. Okay.

You know, utility subscriptions, warehouse space, employees, agencies, content creators, all that good stuff right there. So in this particular case, we need to make at least $80,000 per month in net profit to, you know, basically meet this goal. So the first question is, are we there?

Yes, we're there. Okay. Based off where our current numbers are at, we're there.

We're doing good. Okay. So that's good.

Okay. Now the next thing is, you know, maybe you're not like maybe right now we're only doing a two X and $130,000 right here. And you can see like our day one is about $36,000 in profit.

Okay. So now you have two options. Okay.

One, can we just improve the row ass? So 2.5, maybe for example, there we go. Boom.

You see, we make that $70,000 still not enough. So we have to do maybe like 2.75. Okay, cool.

Now we're making our $80,000 in profit. That's one way, but what if we did it another way? What if we're still just doing that two X, but we spend maybe, I don't know, $300,000 a month.

Now, all of a sudden we're doing a $300,000 at a two X, we make a hundred thousand dollars in profit. Okay. Now let me show you all something interesting here.

So we did a two X at a hundred K. Okay. Two X at a hundred K is $36,000 in profit.

Okay. Two X at $300,000 is, is a hundred K in profit, right? A month one.

Okay. But here's where it gets interesting. Okay.

This $36,000 then goes and turns into $75,000 over three month period of time. So from day one to day 90, you make another like $40,000 in profit. Okay.

Whereas in this scenario from day one to day 90, you make another $126,000 in profit. Okay. You make substantially more money by scaling, you know, at that lower ROAS or same ROAS, but just spending significantly more versus just improving ROAS.

Okay. And then you acquire a ton more customers for the business. That's going to make you significantly more money over that next 90 days.

And we're not even talking about the six month LTV and the 12 month LTV impact that you're going to have. That's why some brands are literally willing to scale and spend a ton of fucking money really early on in the day, even if they acquiring customers a total loss because they know they're going to make that money back down the line. Okay.

So this is something very important for you to look at here because a lot of people are just like, Nick, I want a two X or I want a five or 3.5 X for whatever at a hundred dollars a day. And they just refuse to settle for anything less. But this scenario right here, you're actually looking at different points to see what makes sense for your business.

Okay. I have another client that thought they needed like a two point X or they thought they were break even at 1.4. Turned out after we ran the numbers, they were break even at 1.75 and they've been losing money the last couple months.

Okay. So now that we reran the numbers, we recalibrating everything for their business. Okay.

So you might be completely losing money right now. And it's not even about improving profit or like getting a better robust or lower robust in that case right there. This is why I like personally, robust doesn't matter in that sense because different spin levels, different things like, you know, like for example, would might work well for a three X.

Like for example, your buddy might be doing a three X right now, but he's doing a three X and spending a hundred dollars a day. Whereas you're doing a two X, but spending $300,000 a month. Okay.

That's one reason why robust doesn't matter. The second thing that robust doesn't matter is that every business has different breakeven or assets. Okay.

So again, your buddy might be doing a three X and a hundred dollars a day, but his break evens 2.9. Whereas your break even might be 1.1. Okay.

So different break even points are also going to determine what rush you need. That's why it's like when clients access, Hey Nick, well, do you get three X for your other accounts? Some accounts?

Yes. Some accounts? No, because it depends on what they need for their business and how they plan to build their business.

Okay. So just further looking into this, I'm going to give you guys another thing that you can also play around with. So let's say for example, you do, I don't know, let's say, yeah, you do two X $300,000 in a month of spin.

You make about $108,000 in month, one profit. And right now you have about $120 LTV, you know, and you're coming off a $93 AOV. Well, the next thing to look at into the business model is what if you can improve your current LTV?

So let's just do something really quick. I'm going to do the $220,000. So same, same things as, as original.

Now I'm going to kind of break this sheet a little bit. This is not technically edible, but I will. I'm going to edit it.

And let's say, for example, we increase our LTV by, I don't know, 25%. So 120 times 0.25. We somehow get people to make another $30 purchase or something like that.

Look how big of a difference that creates on the business just by changing LTV. Now, all of a sudden, instead of making about 300, another, I don't know, $117,000, $120,000 after your day one to day 90. Now you're making another 100,000, about $150,000 you're making between day one and day 90.

All you did was maybe launch a few new products that gets people to purchase again after purchasing from day one. That's it. That's all you did.

You didn't improve no Facebook ads. You didn't go find new content creators or struggle with that. And you just added about $150,000 of profit to your business.

Okay. So that's why it's important to look at these numbers. And again, this little cell right here, I didn't technically put it as edible in there, but if you change it, I don't know, just to whatever, and you want to resort it back, just click, click the little cell, click the equals button, and just select a three month LTV right here and enter.

And then there you go. We'll go back to normal. Okay.

So I recommend you guys play with different scenarios and, and look at your business from different points. Another key thing here is that law diminishing of returns is real. So let's say for example, we're at 2.7 right now, and I'm just going to kind of break this down at different points.

Okay. Because again, law of diminishing returns is very real. And I don't know, I can't tell you at what point that starts to happen for your business, because every business is different, but let's just assume for this business, you know, maybe we'll go like $300,000 a month.

Then I'll do like maybe $400,000 a month, and then maybe $500,000 a month, and then maybe $600,000 a month. So you can see right here that as we spend more, boom, boom, boom, we're asked also dips. That's completely normal.

Okay. That's completely normal. All right.

Why? Because as you spend more, law of diminishing returns happens. Okay.

So you can see right here that some of these levels, $300,000, $400,000, $500,000, $600,000. Okay. You can see right here our day one profit.

It also goes down a bit. Okay. Completely honest with you.

Then you can also see our three month value profit off. Also, it peaks at 2.25 at $400,000, but then it drops down at scenario four and drops down in scenario five. So actually like for this business, it'd be make our most sense.

It's been about $400,000, about a 2.25. If we want to like, you know, if that value side on the profit side. Now, something else that if you haven't noticed already, that also makes a huge impact with your business is that this is only focused on new customer ROAS.

Okay. If you know this, I'm only looking at NC ROAS, which is right here. Okay.

Every day, you know, month over month. Like let's say if you started this six months ago and you've really improved your three month customer value, this is customers that's purchasing from you every day over 90 days. Okay.

So month three, you're going to have two months of people coming and purchasing on top of your NC ROAS and your overall is actually going to be substantially more profitable. Okay. Then you realize, Oh fuck.

Like I'm, I'm going insanely high numbers on the top end and I'm more than, profitable. I can accept the lower, a lower NC ROAS. Okay.

So, you know, right now for, you know, this particular business, we're looking around something like this. Okay. But our LTV side has gone up substantially over six, 12 months.

Okay. So let's just, for example, let's say if we improve this LTV again, just improve the LTV. We'll put about $150.

Okay. Now all of a sudden we're doing $170, $600,000 in spin at a 1.75 X. But now when we improve their LTV, now we're making about $551,000 in profit over 90 days.

And also to look $114,000 a day. One, we're making about another, basically $400,000 in profit for the business. Okay.

And we accepted a lower ROAS with more spin. And there you go. So this is all good things to look at for your business.

And also to, for those who's looking and maybe say you have like an info product, for example, you can still do this. If you have an info product, info product, even a service-based company as well, you just wouldn't have, maybe you're shipping and handling right here. And some of you guys, like if you even have like a, for example, you've have cost, if you don't have like cost of goods, like you run an info product, for example, you might not have this either.

You know, if you're a service-based company, you'll probably have this, but if you're just literally an info product, you'll just have this. Okay. I know I have one of my students, my inner circle, where they have like, I don't know, let's just say, for example, an AOV of a hundred dollars.

And their like robust goal is literally a one. Okay. They want to spend a hundred bucks to acquire a customer for a hundred bucks.

But guess what? Their LTV is like $300 over three month period of time. Okay.

And this is what their like business model looks like. They're spending like, I don't know, a hundred to $200,000 a month. They're break even on day one, but then they make it about $440,000 in profit over 90 days, because they're relying on the back end upsells.

Okay. Crushing it. Technically he's doing a one on Facebook.

Technically he's quote unquote horrible, but he's making $440,000 in profit over a three month period of time. Who's actually losing at the end of the day. Okay.

Now a few other things it's like, well, Nick, why wouldn't you just want a better row as, you know, why wouldn't you just want a better row as on this? Like maybe I'm spending $220,000 a month. Why can't I just go from a 2.5 to three?

Well, speed, speed's the biggest thing. It's a lot easier. Just hurry up and start spending more by knowing your numbers and accepting a lower result on your NC row as.

Okay. As long as you know your numbers though. Okay.

A lot of people don't know your numbers. Like you don't know, understand like how many people talk on a daily basis. That's never done anything like this.

Okay. If you start building your business like this, trust me, you're going to wow any agency that you eventually work with and have these numbers put down. Okay.

Second thing is that law of diminishing returns. If you're spending 10 K a month right now, and you're doing a three extra hours, you know, you might be able to scale up to a hundred K a month at like a 2.8. Okay.

Or you might go up to like 20 K a month and immediately drop down to like a two X. Okay. I can't tell you literally every single business, every single product, every single brand, every single ad is completely different.

When it comes down to law of diminishing returns, just know as you spend more performance drops. Okay. There is ways around this.

This is why I focus so much on building really amazing ads. Cause if I keep building really amazing ads, it actually helps to drop that potential of the law of diminishing returns. We had one particular ad concept where, you know, we were doing about $45 cost per acquisition, and we dropped it down to $35 by simply creating a better ad.

And we were able to spend like 10 to 15 K on that one ad right there. So on a daily basis, we spent 500 K on that ad, made back about a million dollars or no, not even a million dollars. No, we spent a million dollars on the ad and made back about $5 million for the client.

So, um, yeah, full video on that, how to build like the million dollar Facebook ad. I have a full video going over that right there. So, but again, thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Hope you guys helped. I know I'm gonna have a lot of questions around this. So drop them below.

We'd love to help you guys out with that. Um, oh wait, hold up. I forgot something.

I forgot one key thing for you guys. Okay. How do you actually scale based off of this?

So one thing I forgot to mention on here, because I literally just forgot about this. Be really quick. Is that every day, look at your NC ROAS.

For example, today's Friday the 17th. I'm looking at the last three day average 14th through the 16th. And every day I do this, every day I do this.

I look back to the last three days. I'm looking at my NC ROAS. So here we go.

We start NC ROAS of 2.5. Looking back at the last three days, my goal for this account is 2.7. Okay.

So in this case, I decrease budget by 20% because it's not hitting the particular NC ROAS I need. Okay. If it was 2.7 or higher, I would increase it by 20%.

And every day I do this. Okay. And I increase, you know, the paid platform specifically responsible for that.

Um, and then I would further go look at like your Facebook, your Google, and your Tik TOK and see which one's underperforming in that case right there. So I'm purely focused on this, building new customers, building that, you know, LTVs up and stuff like that. And that's because also, that's how we're going to continue to grow the business.

And if you're questioning, Hey Nick, my LTV sucks right now, build a better LTV, do the Apple approach, launch new product lines, MacBook Pro, iPad, iPhone, and then launch new product variations of already successful products. iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6, iPhone 7, and then also launch product lines that solve a new problem that your products created. You know, like the earbuds for Apple, the AirPods couldn't, couldn't say it for a second, AirPods, things like that.

So yeah, guys, thank you so much for watching again. The sheet will be below. You can grab the link to it fully for you.

Have fun with it. It's probably like my biggest giveaway of the year right here. Cause this sheet is super, super, super powerful.

And yeah, thank y'all for watching the like button, hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.