Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theria and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we'll be going over how to spy on your competitors' Facebook ads. Yes, if you live under a rock, you may have never realized this, but you can actually look at your competitors' Facebook ads and see what ads they're running. Literally the creative, the copy, you can click on their ad and go to their product pages.

There's a lot of things you can do now with this new Facebook ads library tool that if you've never used it, it's super, super powerful. So we're going to dive into this video and show you guys and show you how I utilize this specific strategy and the ethical ways to use it essentially. So with that being said, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into it guys. So yes, so you can actually spy on your competitors' Facebook ads. So let me go to my computer right here and let's dive into this.

So if you literally just go to Facebook ad library, you literally can just Google search it, click on here, and you can go to Facebook ad library. So then you come right here, you can choose the location. So let's just do United States, ad category.

You have to select this if you want to go to a specific one. So do all ads right here. And let's just say, you know, one of our competitors is Redline Steel.

And that's not it. I already know. You kind of have to know your competitors before you do this, just so you can do it the most efficient way.

Now let's say this is our competitor. We can literally come to their product page or not a product page to their ad library. And we can see all of the ads they're currently running.

So as many of you know, I run a store called, co-run a store called Metal Adress Science. It's one of our clients. It's okay.

They know I share information like this on my YouTube videos. It's okay. And this is one of our competitors.

So what this does right here is it allows us to see essentially what ads they're running. Now I know what you guys are thinking like, okay, well, Nick, what, how does this benefit me? I can see their ads are running.

That's it. And you know, what's the ethical way to look at this? Because you're also probably thinking like, Hey, well, Nick, that's kind of, you know, what you're going to do?

Just copy their ads. No, we're not going to copy their ads, take a step back. And there is some very valuable knowledge in this right here.

So let's say for example, we're, we've never in Facebook ads before for this specific brand. And we identify the brand or, you know, we go through the brand, build our brand and everything. And we identify the competitors in the market, the leading competitors.

Don't look at your competitors at the same stage as you, the leading ones, the top dogs in your industry that's doing what you want to do. And what you can do is, is I like to identify five of them, five competitors. And I want to look at their organic social media posts.

I want to look at their website. I want to look at their email flows. How I do that.

Well, they're just going to sign off their lists, go opt in on their website, start a checkout, don't finish it into your email and stuff like that. And boom, easy. So I want to do all of that.

Then on top of that, I also want to go review their Facebook ads. Reason why is because I can identify three things, the type of creative that's working for them, the type of offer that's working for them, and the angle of which they're, they're using their ad. So I can identify these three things and I can replicate those in my ads.

I'm not copying their ads in terms of like copy and paste of, you know, the ad copy or download the video and tweak it a little bit and put my stuff on it. No, that's highly unethical. And I do not recommend that.

What I recommend is pulling of what works in terms of the creative angle, the ad angle, and the type of offers they are leveraging. So with this specific brand right here, we can literally see, okay, they're running a sale right now, 20% off. So, you know, around the 20% off range, they're creative is holding the sign.

You know, they're talking about using it and everything like that, how it's made and stuff. And yeah, cool. So we definitely know that when you do something like that, let's see, go right here again, kind of the making of process.

Cool, cool. Holding the sign again, some more offers and stuff, different little things like this. That's pretty cool.

Let's see. Talking, holding the sign. Cool.

But yeah, that seems to be very common with this specific brand right here. So they're running a lot of different offers, 32% off, buy one, get one free this week, like a lot of different offers. So let's try another particular competitor for ours.

Let's say it's metal unlimited. And there we go. We can literally see, okay, cool.

So like, they're doing some different types of signs. They're posting pictures on the wall, make your space how you want it, personalize any space you have. So this is like going after an angle of like literally just personalizing your space, you know, adding a unique piece to your wall.

And that seems like what they're doing right here. Yeah. And that's, that's pretty much a straightforward.

A lot of creative involves just posting a picture of the sign being hung up in different areas of applicable use for this particular product. Let's see. This is using the product.

That's pretty cool. Yeah. And really just hitting on that particular area of, Hey, got a blank spot, add a personal touch to it.

So that you can do the same thing with, you know, clothing. So for those who run clothing, this is a pretty cool brand. I love to look at, they did an amazing job at growing their brand, a 316 collection.

So if you're in the clothing niche right here, cause I do have a lot of people that follow this channel for clothing, you can go through here and you can see, okay, what type of creative is working for clothing? What's the angles? So creative right here.

So for this brand, it's very specific. It's more of like a Christian based clothing brand. So you can see the angles is more of like a motivational message that portrays to the branding of the brand.

So this is more of a very high level message right here and lifestyle apparel for the modern believer. So just going off there, like who this is far from a high end black glove collection. So again, just more five verses and stuff, keep up the branding.

And it's a pretty cool creative right here. Different people wearing the jacket or a model wearing the jacket, really, really cool, unique creative. So you can do something like this with just, okay, Hey, we need people wearing the clothes, talking about the message and the branding, our clothing brand establishes.

So, and another cool thing you can do when looking at this, if you're on a Mac, I think you just same thing for, you know, windows, something like that. All right, let's go see our details, save video S and go all the way at the end of it. .mp4 save.

And then you can literally save the video and create a swipe file to like sit over to your editors and stuff like that. Like, Hey, I want something like this, but I do not want it to look like we took it from that brand, essentially like that. So that way you can kind of give the general feel to the editors of what needs to be established.

Same thing right here. See that details. You can take a screenshot of that.

Boom. And you can literally show, you know, you can send that off to your design team, et cetera. Like, Hey, I like the feel of this.

Just, you gotta be very clear with this is, is it's easy to be borderline right here of copying someone's stuff and essentially just going ahead and ideate off of it, which is just basically taking ideas, ideas from it and making your own imitate. So kind of doing something similar, but in your own way. So it's like ideate, just similar and then iterate, just doing it better.

So doing something similar, but just better. There's a few, like that's the key things to think of when doing this. But again, all you're looking for is the angle of which people are using the common angles that people are using to sell these specific products that's related to yours.

The types of creatives, is it user-generated content? Is it videos? Is it photos?

What type of photos is it? Because a photo or a video is a very generalized term. It needs to be something similar to, okay, it's a photo.

What type of photo is it? It's a guy standing up, looking at the camera, wearing the jacket. They're in a city setting.

What's the model look like? 25 to 30. What's the ethnicity?

What's all that type of stuff right there? You need to understand. So that way, when you replicate this, you can kind of take that into account, especially if it's a very similar brand to yours.

So that's something very key to understand and why this process is so valuable and can give you some very big insights when you're launching your Facebook ads of what's the angle, offer, creative, and stuff like that to test out. Well, that's it guys. I hope y'all enjoyed this video.

It's just kind of more of just kind of like a little quick little video, just kind of discuss something, you know, really, really, something really cool that can add an extra level to your creative process and your ad creation process. This is definitely can help a lot because if what like to create good advertisements, you need to understand what a good advertisement looks like first. And this will definitely help you out in that perspective.

So if you are an e-com business owner doing at least 25k a month in revenue, and would like to work with us to see how we can add additional 50 to $150,000 a month in profit to your business, make sure you click the link below and schedule a strategy call with me and my team. And we'll help on a call with you, do a strategy call with you, and you'll have the option to either work with this or take that plan of action and run with it. Now, if you're making less than 25k a month, don't go anywhere because I do have something for you.

Click the link below, sign up for the Elegant E-Com VIP list. This will be a course I will be releasing. It's priced at $1,000.

But for the first 50 people on that VIP list, you'll have the opportunity to get at $500. And after that first 50 people purchase, it's going up to $1,000. So you need to be signed up to that list.

And keep in mind, if when it's going to be released, I will be posting some more updates around that. As I said, that's about to be kind of finalized a launch date very soon. Now, thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you so much for watching this video. My name is Nick Terrio, and I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace.