We built a Facebook ad that did $1 million in revenue for our clients within 60 days. Yes, that's $1 million in revenue from one ad. And today, I'm going to be breaking down how we built this ad and basically all the fundamentals, like marketing fundamentals and stuff we deployed in it to actually improve performance and to build a million dollar ad.

Now, if you're questioning why am I credible to teach this type of stuff, before we get started, my name is Nick Terrio. I basically have done over $50 million online revenue for my clients. I'm running a Facebook ad agency and I also do coach a few students on the side.

So one more thing before we get started, hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into the video.

So we built a $1 million Facebook ad and like I said, it did about a million dollars. We launched at the beginning of December and I pulled it up and it got a large amount of spend all the way up until like January 31st. Okay.

Now, I want to showcase the ads first because I'm going to show you the best performing ad before it and the kind of new best performing ad. Okay. The best performing ad before it was called new sales ad.

And then the new winning ad is called 186. Okay. Winner.

Okay. Now we spent about $141,000 in the old winning ad and about $209,000, about 60 days for the new ad. Okay.

This is a CP or a lead generation client, but there's no difference in how I run things for lead generation. I run the exact same structure, strategy, literally everything for e-com, for personal info products, app installs, webinars. I do it all the same exact way for our clients.

Okay. Now let's look at the numbers. Okay.

Cause this is going to be the important stuff that I know you guys want to see. So let's see the numbers. Okay.

So we're going to look at new sales ad first. And this particular ad right here generated about 2,862 leads with a 7% close rate for 200 sales. Okay.

Now the average LTV per client, and the reason why we go over LTV for the specific client is because this client is selling a $30 a month subscription. Okay. But the LTV for their brand, they've been in business for over 20 years.

Their LTV for their brand is $2,500 per customer. So they like to look at things like this with $2,500 LTV. So we generated this client $500,000 in revenue for, you know, new sales ad right here.

Okay. Um, divide that by the spin. We did about 3.54 X robust on this particular ad.

Okay. Now let's look at the other ad, the 186 new winning ad. Okay.

We did 5,200 leads with a 7% close rate. That's 364 sales. Okay.

Put a $2,500 LTV. We generated $910,000, almost a million dollars in revenue for the business. Okay.

Divide that by $209,000 to spend. We did about a 4.35 X robust. Okay.

So yeah. So that's basically what we did for this business. So what did we see to improve?

Well, our robust is significantly higher. We've also spent significantly, you know, or we did significantly more in revenue, but we didn't really spend that much more. Like we didn't even double spin and we've almost doubled revenue.

Okay. So like double spin would be about 300 or like $280,000. And we spent $209,000.

But yet we did almost double the amount of revenue. Okay. You can also see CPL significantly cheaper, $10 cheaper at scale.

And also to, you know, CTR does not play effect at all in this, but CTR was higher. Okay. Let's go a little bit further.

It's inclusion. Ad 186 was able to make the business $400,000 more in revenue because it was able to spend more at scale with a lower CPA. So this is also very important right here.

It was able to spend more at scale. Okay. This is huge.

Okay. Because you can see right here, we were pushing on about $140,000 of spin on this new sales ad. And this particular ad right here was starting to get capped.

I mean, we were doing almost a $50 CPL. We were struggling. We couldn't really break through that spin barrier until the way I'm going to show it to you in this particular video.

Okay. But we took a whole new approach for 186 and we generated a cheaper CPL at a much higher level of spin. And like I said, generated almost $400,000 more in revenue for that business.

Okay. So what made ad 186 a winner? You may ask.

All right. And it definitely wasn't ABO or CPO. It, you know, wasn't the way we increased budget.

It wasn't dynamic ad set or not. It wasn't look likes, interest or broads, advantage plus campaigns. It wasn't any of that because none of that affects the messaging and the creative.

Okay. And that's what so many of you guys can't understand. I want to strangle all you motherfuckers in the comments are like, Nick, I'm spending $10 a day.

I tested five ads and I've been running ads for two years. Should I do 30% or 40% increase to increase budget? I'm like, what the fuck?

Focus on better ads, bro. Too many of you like focusing on the wrong things in the account. Okay.

We focus purely just on the creative and we made $400,000 more in revenue for the business. Do you not see it there? There's a correlation there.

Okay. So it all came down to messaging. All right.

Messaging drives to copy messaging drives to create. If it comes down to the message, you want to communicate to the consumer. Okay.

As an advertiser, all you're doing is amplifying a message. That's it. All right.

So we needed to focus on the messaging. All right. Now, if you do want to know how to, how we did the ad account structure and you're curious about all that, then just go watch this video broad targeting dynamic creatives.

It's going to teach you everything you need to know about the ad account structure side. All right. But those who want to know how to become a more advanced marketer, keep watching.

All right. So first off, let's look at the problem. All right.

The problem is, is that our old winning ad, new sales ad was in a problem aware market. All right. And we had been spending spending in a problem aware market for a long time.

As we increased spin and tested over a hundred unique creatives, we knew we need to expand our market size. So we tested about a hundred unique ads in problem aware market. Okay.

That's unique creatives. All very different. Okay.

Half of you guys have tested three ads and been like, Nick, should I go to solution aware or underwear market? Now we've tested over a hundred unique ads in a specific market and couldn't get that revenue lift. We want it.

So we knew we needed to go to a larger market size. Okay. All right.

We were here. Problem aware. We need to go to unaware, a larger market size.

It'd be fool's game to go solution aware because we're already spending so much. And also to the problem, this product solves is not that widely known. So we're already in a small problem aware market.

Right? So solution expanded to an unaware market, hardest market to open, but provides the highest level of scalability. All right.

Something else I want to show you guys. All right. Because a lot of you guys think, Hey, if I'm going from unaware to pro, like if I'm going from problem aware to unaware, do I need to include more problem aware ads and ad set or more solution aware ad sets to also counter it?

186 right here opens an unaware market and it gets a significantly cheaper CPL. Okay. Why?

Because we did a damn good job as being a marketer to actually be able to open that market. It is a harder market to open, but you still expect the same CPA or CPL you need for your business to make it functional. Okay.

We just did a damn good job at opening it. Okay. And I'm going to show you how we did that too.

All right. One ad, one ad takes the people through the whole sales process. All right.

That's also another key thing there. All right. So there's a few things I want to talk about now.

Next one, unaware market rules. Okay. So now, you know, we need to open up an unaware market.

Okay. So first off, let's look at the don'ts. What do you not do in an unaware market?

Okay. This is very important here. Okay.

One, talk about price. Do not talk about the price of your product. Don't even talk about your product.

Don't talk about the function of your product and don't talk about the desire of your product. Okay. That's it.

Cannot talk about any of that in the first half of the ad. Okay. The second half of the ad, you can.

Yes. You're more than welcome. You can.

And you will see exactly how I did that. Okay. Dues of four, the beginning of the ad.

Okay. Focus on the state of mind. Your market is in at this particular moment.

Okay. So you just focus on the mindset. All right.

You do heavy detailed research to be able to figure out what that particular mindset is. Okay. Focus on the state of mind.

What emotions, what thoughts, what are the thoughts and emotions going through their head right now? That's where you need to reach them at. Okay.

Second way is echoing an emotion, an attitude, or dissatisfaction that picks people out from the crowd. So you need to be able to identify people and call people out from the crowd. Really important there.

All right. Now let's look at the different approaches to be able to open an unaware market. Okay.

Number one, giving words to a hidden dream. Okay. These are the people who, you know, maybe fantasize about getting rich and stuff like that.

And you can start off an ad with like getting rich and stuff, but you focus more specifically on why they want to want to get rich. Maybe they want to get rich and sit at home all day and play Xbox. Okay.

I don't know. Some shit like that. Exploiting a hidden fear.

Okay. There's a lot of hidden fears we have. All right.

Now these are fears that we're not openly willing to commit, admit to, but we do have them. Okay. You know, sometimes I still have a fear of flying.

Not going to lie. I don't admit it to anyone. Don't do anything like that.

But if I see an ad like fear of flying or it's talking about fear of flying, I'm probably going to watch it. Common resentment or unvoiced protest. Okay.

This is something that again, a protest, something I don't like resentment, something I don't like that is unvoiced. Is it shared publicly or anything like that? Ultimate triumph that the prospect will identify with.

That's a really big win that I would identify with. Okay. Yeah.

They use that in the person that said, um, you know, the, uh, when I sat down at the piano, they all started laughing. But when I started playing the room of silence or something like that. Okay.

You simply just want to pick one of these and focus purely on the emotional mindset of your process, your prospect. Okay. So let's look at the how now.

Okay. So this is how we did it. Okay.

And I'm going to go into the blueprint of the ad, but I'm first going to call off this specific side right here. Okay. So the first thing is we did is we called out people that share a specific trait.

Okay. All right. So the headline called out a very specific group of people that all shared a common trait.

And this particular common trait they shared was a product they were already using. Okay. Now this is a product that like a hundred million, 200 million people use.

Okay. It's not just like, Oh, people who, I don't know, have a Lamborghini on their desk. That's a toy car.

That's such a small group of people compared to like the hundreds of millions of people that use this particular product. Okay. So then we took an approach of exploiting a hidden fear.

And we took one of the most basic ones that every human has losing large amounts of money, like literally every person, you know, imagine right now your bank account and imagine it 50% less. You would feel some fear right now. Okay.

This was able to help us grab their attention. And then we really made them listen by showing them the money they could lose. Okay.

So we're not even talking about that product. We're simply just calling people out. We're articulating them.

Why do they need to fricking listen? Because they could lose a lot of money. And then we educated them on the problem, which made them problem aware.

Okay. Someone's not problem aware until they educate, they're educated on the problem they have. Okay.

Now, once we educate them on the problem, they were now problem aware. We can leverage our problem or messaging for the rest of the ad. Okay.

So we go back to our top ad right here. This is a problem aware market. And this was a unaware market.

The difference is, is that the people in this 186 right here were completely unaware to the problem they had. So the first half of the ad is focusing on their mindset. It's focusing on all this other stuff.

It's not focused on a product price or features or anything like that yet. It's focusing on educating them on the problem. Then new sales ad, that one was purely problem aware.

Just calling out people that share that problem. But the key here is that 186 did all of it. Okay.

New sales ad only did problem aware all the way to aware. Okay. You do not need both of them in the same ad set.

Okay. For those that are still questioning, well, Nick, do I need to have problem aware and solution aware ads in the ad set? No, you do not.

Okay. So moving forward. All right.

So we took our different approaches. We told you the how. Now I want to show you guys the blueprint of the ad.

This is the exact ad that we ran. Now, unfortunately, I can't show you the creative because like this is literally as much as I could potentially show you because of the nature of this particular client. But I can show you a few things.

One, here's how long the ad was. It was a minute long. This is an actual screenshot from the ad itself.

But two, I'm also going to show you guys the framework. Okay. So step number one, we called out people.

We want to listen based upon a common product they use. Okay. They all use the same products.

We called out these specific people. We twisted a knife on how much money they could lose due to this product. We're starting to make them problem aware.

That's what we're doing right here. Okay. Then we educated them on the problem they have now due to this product and, you know, exposing them to this product, expose them to a problem that exposed them to a lot of potential money loss.

Okay. So calling out the people, twisting the knife and starting to hint at the problem there is really showing them how this product puts them as problem, you know, problem in their life. Then this is high level stuff right here.

We knew that every time we ran a problem aware ad, people had one very specific objection to this product that we're trying to sell them based off the product they're currently using now. Okay. They think that their problem, their product they're currently using now solves their problem.

It does not. Okay. So we have to educate them on how, Hey, this product doesn't solve your problem.

It actually doesn't, you know, it exposes you to this potential risk. I know you think that it doesn't, but it does. And then here's also to other people who thought the same and we're, we're leveraging testimonials, not for our product, but simply for, Hey, I thought I was, I was, you know, protected as well, but I wasn't.

So now I'm just using testimonials and I'm trimming the testimonials to just showcase that part. I'm still, I've yet to talk about our product yet. I haven't yet to talk about our product.

I've yet to talk about the benefits of our product. I've yet to talk about the features of our product. I haven't done anything about our product yet.

We've gone from unaware to making them problem aware to now talking about the problem, you know, like the, the, to, you know, get people to start looking at the solutions for that. Okay. Then introduce solution, which is our product.

Okay. Because we go from unaware, problem, where solution, where product, where, where, okay. So we were at unaware.

Then we moved into the part of the ad that was problem aware. Now we're moving into the part of the ad that solution aware. So we introduced the solution, which is our product.

A lot of you that are struggling in Facebook ads, you guys live here. All you do is saying is here's my Lamborghini. You want Lamborghini toy car for desk?

Here it is. It's cool. It's green.

It's die cast. Get it now. 50% off.

That's how you guys look. That's how you guys look right there. And that's where we're about 35 seconds in.

Actually, when I took the screenshot, we were, um, at how the product works. So this is about, yeah, about 30 seconds in the first 30 seconds of the ad is formulating the proper messaging and the proper thoughts. I want people to have before we introduce our product as a solution.

Okay. This is why we can spend a lot more than a lot of our competitors in the ad agency world, because we understand these types of things with like markets and how to open these markets. Okay.

People who do not look like this, they sit down and say, Hey, here's our product. Buy it. And that's not where you want to be.

Okay. If you want to scale and grow faster and involves opening markets, you're not already in and opening up those messaging in the right way needed. Okay.

You know what maybe about this car is my mentor. It's like, you know, I like to keep things on my desk. Remind me of what I want in life.

He didn't say, Hey, Nick, you know, here's the Lamborghini and something like that. So you could start off an ad with saying something literally that sentence right there. Boom.

Now what objects would I want on my desk? Then here's your Lamborghini. Okay.

Next thing, after we introduced the solution, which is our product and just like maybe one benefit of our product, which is the main benefit people want. Then we introduced how the product works. Okay.

Another huge part that people miss is that they don't talk about how the product works. Okay. The key thing with how the product works is that this is the logical part of the ad that completes that logical loop in the brain.

Okay. So we've hit the emotion. We've hit like a couple of things that like, Oh, I'm listening now.

And then now we introduced a solution and it's like, how does it work? And a lot of you guys just go, here's our product. Here's a bunch of testimonials.

But it's like, wait, how does the product work? Okay. If you don't complete that logical part, you're missing out on a ton of money right there.

Okay. Then we go into testimonials and all the testimonials are caffery cut. I cannot stand people who use, yeah, this is a great product.

I hate that. Okay. If you're going to use a testimonial, use something that adds value to the ad.

Okay. I've been wanting a Lamborghini my whole life. And while I can't afford it, this is the next best thing ever.

And every day I look at this thing, I'm just like, it makes me want to make significantly more money. And I've been seeing like really great progress. I'm going to ask my business with that extra motivation every morning.

That all of a sudden made this thing sound a lot better. Okay. Then it was a great product.

You know, then your call to action. Okay. Again, a lot of you guys live right here.

Introduce product as solution. Testimonials call to action. That's a lot of you guys ads look like.

Okay. But because we opened an unaware market, we went unaware, called out those people we wanted. We started making them aware of the problem, which happens between these two.

Then we want to make them aware of their problem. We started talking about the different ways to solve that problem and led into the solution. Then after we got to the solution, we started to go into the product aware part, which is why do you have the best product?

Okay. So product aware is, let's say there's 10 different brands selling these toy Lamborghinis right here. Which one makes the best one?

Which one's die cast? Which one has the best shipping rates? Which one has the best customer reviews?

Which one has, you know, maybe other cars, maybe other colors and options and stuff like that. Those are very deep product aware questions that I'm looking at. Then aware.

Hey, you want a Lamborghini? Here you go. Get it now.

10% off. Whatever. Okay.

So we fit all of this information in, in a minute and eight seconds. And this is the exact data. I took a screenshot for you guys that we ran to do over $900,000 by opening an unaware market.

Okay. Now look, you might be in a solution aware market right now. Okay.

You don't necessarily need to open an unaware markets. Okay. You might need to be in a solution and you need to open up a problem aware shit.

I just did an ad account audit and everyone, all their ads were in aware. Okay. All of their ads.

They're a brand that spends like a hundred KM off on Facebook ads, getting a one extra ads and they're stuck. Why? I look at all their ads.

They're all aware targeting. Like aware messaging and stuff. Okay.

They're not even showing how their products better. Okay. They're not even showing how their products, the perfect solution for what the product, the problem is.

Then I've been showcasing the problem. Okay. Then they're not even calling out the identity of their market that they want to buy the product.

Imagine if they went through all these stages correctly, what potential benefits and how much that could impact their business in that case. So yeah. Next steps is that after we built out all this messaging and basically the blueprint, we went through our kind of like our SOP on how to build our rough draft, but you can just go right here on how to plan on a Facebook ad concept, 2023 tutorial.

Take you exactly through that. But just a few closing thoughts right here. 90% of the brands I audit and work with us, they are so limited by the messaging and they're using and targeting the wrong markets.

Okay. All of my ad account audits, I spend like this much on the ad account itself. This, how much I spend on the, on the, up the messaging and seeing what messaging is going to work the best for their brand.

And then you get that ad account audit. That's nice and put together. You can literally take action from that and immediately start applying to your brand, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

Okay. That's one of the strategy sessions I do, which click link below, have Nick Terrier run your ads. You have to be doing at least $50,000 a month.

We work with brands doing 50 K a month, all the way up to a couple million dollars a month in revenue. Work with a lot of variety of brands, but due to how much we charge on a monthly basis, you have to be doing at least 50 K a month for it to make financial sense. Just complete transparency, unless you're like a millionaire and like multi entrepreneur and you have a lot of cash in the bank and you're looking to deploy into a brand.

Okay. Also two messaging plays into belief, desire, and identity in all of them have to be correct for your ad to flourish. So just full transparency on that as well.

Cool guys. Um, that's pretty much it. This was a pretty fun one.

Very different than what we typically do. Um, so let me know, drop some comments below, which you guys think of it. Make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Terrier. So guys later. Peace out.