Here's the process we follow to scale Facebook ads to $200,000 months. We'll be breaking down a case study today. I have a recent client we helped do over $230,000 a month within a 30-day window.

Just to show you all that results, it's actually $266,000 to be fair, of over $140,000 in profit. We spent $77,000 on ads. Yes, they have extremely good margins.

This particular brand itself is a clothing brand. They also do have their own printers, screen presses, and all those things like that. So they can literally get product out for dirt cheap.

You know, just over the month of March or May, spent $77,000 on ads or $76,000 to be exact right here. We had two major main campaigns in this type of client. One where we had all of the clothing and the specific t-shirts and stuff they were selling.

And then also the other half, which where we were spending money to acquire customers for their custom seats that they built for motorcycles. And then just on May 30th, we were able to do $32,000 in a single day with a recent offer we launched. And we'll be kind of going over that offer as well.

And also to just show you the ads that they, we literally spent $9,989, almost at that 10K mark that we're shooting for. So we'll first off and start off with offer one of the most important parts of, you know, just scaling any type of client past six figures a month. First off for this particular client, one like outside of this, they had an amazing product.

They created t-shirt designs that no one else is creating. They're marketing specifically to an audience that no one else was advertising to. So they have a very blue ocean, blue market we're running ads to.

So it's very easy for us to scale. That's number one. Number two, we have like a segmented plan in terms of how we take action on a month to month basis with various different offers we launch.

For one, this is a clothing brand and we launch consistently new drops every other week. It's one of the most important things for any clothing brand. If you're a clothing brand and you're not launching at least one or two new drops a month, you hate money.

Next thing is we're doing one sells period per month where like Friday or Thursday all the way through Sunday, we'll mark down the site and we'll do a short three or four days once per month with an offer, like an aggressive offer, 50% off, 20% off, buy two, get one free, anything like that. We do not run that year round. It's only for one specific like weekend of the month.

And then the next thing, we do a giveaway once per quarter. For this particular brand, we give away a motorcycle every quarter. And that's basically the offer that I was talking about right here or like this May 30th, this was the last day to enter and last day for an opportunity to win that motorcycle.

So this is the high level kind of, I guess you could say like offer and like product creation strategy that we have for this particular client. Now we want to move forward to the actual creative strategy now. So you have your offers.

Now, what type of creatives do we need to create to be able to resonate with people to sell those particular offers itself? First off, just as a high level, 45% of the new content that we drop in the ad account on a week to week basis is just simply new content with our best selling products. So what we'll do is we'll get this particular client to go do new video shoots and photo shoots with their best selling products.

Then we'll also get this client to go do video shoots and photo shoots with their product drops. I've tested a fuckload of UGC for tons of clothing brands. And what I find just from repeated success over and over and over is that UGC is terrible for clothing brands.

And what has worked significantly the best for us is basically being able to leverage photo shoots and video shoots with a professional photographer, go find a really nice location that your audience will resonate with and be able to go take high quality content with those pieces of clothing. Now, unless you're like Comfort, for example, where they just simply went ahead and hired hundreds of high level influencers to create high level content for them, this strategy works the best and will be cheaper. Now, the last 10% of content that we're putting inside of this account on a month to month basis, it's just simply some solid static creatives where we're just kind of highlighting whatever promo event is going on that particular weekend.

So maybe for example, it's like, hey, this weekend we're doing 20% off or 30% off for Memorial Day. It's just a simple banner real quick right there that calls that out. Now, going to the media buying, you know what your offer is, you know what creatives to create.

Now it's actually deployed that inside of the ad account. What does that look like? So for example, in this case, we have two campaigns.

We have one campaign specifically selling the clothing. We have the other campaign specifically selling these custom seat orders for these motorcycles. So two complete different products.

We have two different campaigns. All of the t-shirts for this particular client are all priced about the same. So we have hundreds of t-shirts in this particular campaign we've launched over the last two, three years.

But, you know, realistically, we probably only have like five to six on right now just because they're like the ones that are performing the best. And then you'll see inside of here, basically, we're just creating new ad sets every time we have new creatives to launch. So you can see right here, we had some creatives for our giveaway recently that just worked really well.

We have some of our best-selling t-shirts. We have some of like our individual t-shirts we launched, but pretty much all of these are on. We have over 153 ad sets in this campaign.

I'm only turning things off on a seven-day window that's negatively hurting performance. For example, like we have an average of $10 cost per acquisition in this campaign. Pretty much all of these are within range.

So I'm leaving them all on. But this one right here, 250, we turned off with a $56 cost per purchase. Now, again, each ad set has three creatives and they're just separated by one visual difference.

All will have the same hook and same text on the screen. And then each ad set is a unique concept. So just of how we're laying that out.

Yes, because we only highlight one product or one collection of products per ad set, technically we are doing one product per ad set, but people just can't comprehend that. As in they think, oh, one product per ad set, I need to go launch every product in my store. No, you do not.

You only need to focus on your best sellers and then your new products that are being dropped. All the other products, we're doing a ton of email and SMS to sell to existing customers. Now, as far as targeting, all I do is 30-day exclusions or 180-day.

Some of our accounts, we're doing 30. Some of the accounts, we're doing 180-day. Like we don't see any difference.

It's just some we just haven't updated yet. So there's no difference. Like you're talking about something that makes a 0.00001% difference in performance.

So that's why some of my videos, you'll see 30-day. Some of my videos, see 180-day, but like don't overthink it. It's not that important.

And we're just doing broad targeting for all this or Advantage Plus targeting for all this. Now, you know the offer, you know the creative strategy, you know the media buying. How do we scale this?

Very easy. I look at yesterday. Did yesterday do good?

Yes, I increased spend by 20%. If yesterday did not do good, I'm just gonna hold that budget and I'm either going to keep testing new ads to find a new winner to lower budget so I can increase budget or I'm gonna find a new winning landing page. Since it's clothing for this particular client, we're rarely ever doing landing page testing.

I just don't really see landing pages work well for clothing. And that's us after testing a ton of them or we'll make that CPA work by increasing AOV. So maybe you're getting a $20 CPA right now with a $40 AOV and you're getting a 2X ROAS.

Instead of trying to lower that cost per acquisition, I'll maintain that $20 cost per acquisition and I'll figure out how to improve that AOV from $40 to $60. And then that way we can make that CPA work for that business. So I'll hold budget and I'll just prioritize these actions right here until I get a better CPA or until I figure out one that works for me and then keep scaling.

Now, if you personally want help scaling to 200K months with Facebook ads, all the knowledge I've gotten from not just this account, but dozens of other accounts we've scaled to multiple six figures a month and a handful of accounts we scaled to million dollars a month. We have my agency, which link below, have Nickterio run your ads where I do everything for you. Minimum investment starts off at 5K a month.

Or we have my mentorship, which I do one-on-one calls with you, group calls, group chats, course, all of that good stuff. And I do it with you. And that's a minimum investment of $1,000 a month starting out.

Both of those links can be found below. And if you guys enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. With that being said, my name's Nickterio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace.