So today we'll be creating a listicle funnel or listicle landing page, whatever you personally prefer to call it. This will be specifically for e-commerce. And today we'll be breaking down exactly how you can create a listicle, how you can create the ads around it, the thought process behind the ad copy and kind of like the format of the things we'll say on that particular page.

Yeah, we'll basically go into all of that in today's video. It'll be a long video, but I'm going to show you how to quickly fire these up and get them rolling into your ad account. So let's just show you real quick where we'll be creating today.

It's going to look something like this. Just a note, this is not my personal page. This is not a client of ours.

It's just an example of what we will be creating today. Typically, it'll have like six reasons and three reasons, two reasons, 20 reasons, some type of like reasons, or it'll have something like what we'll talk about today, which is lessons. So there's a couple of different ways you can phrase it, but the whole point of it's called a listicle because it has like one, two, three, four, and then, you know, again, you can have however long you would like it to be for your particular ad angle that you're going for.

And then basically at the end of the listicle, you'll have some type of call to action for your product. Here's another one just as an example real quick. We have your headline, and then it goes into like three or four reasons.

This one actually has a lot more. This one's what? I don't know.

This one doesn't even have like a certain number. It just has a bunch of different reasons why you should buy the product itself. And then we use what's probably one of my favorite ways, which is just check availability, and then it sends over to the product page.

Yeah. And then here's one more real quick. This one's actually what I would say, almost like a hybrid between an avatar and a listicle, because it kind of goes deeper into something.

Then it starts going to like the different reasons why. Another really cool one. So we're going to be going over and how to create all of that today.

First off, why would you want to be using a listicle? So number one, listicles are really cool because it walls off the customer to one spot. So when people click on your ad, instead of having a ton of information they have to try to consume, and if they get bored with it, they'll swipe.

So just having all that information in one spot, they can click, they go to the landing page, and they read everything on that landing page. So it walls off the customer to one spot. Next thing, are you going to be doing is listing a couple different reasons why they should buy your product or a couple different solutions to maybe a problem they're having.

And then one of the solutions being your particular product, and you go and put a little more emphasis on that. There's so many different things you can do with this. So that's why it's not really limited to just solutions or products.

There's other things you can do with it. I'm going to show you all an example today of how I'm going to frame it with a tweet that did really well for me from a sales perspective for one of my programs. Now, key thing that's going to be different here is that right now we're probably used to doing something like this where we have a very long ad and then send people to a product page.

Whereas in this particular case, we're going to be doing a very, very short ad today, and then we're going to be sending over people to the landing page where it's just going to have a lot more information in the ad. So a lot of problems with ads is that people put too much information in an ad, and when you put too much information in an ad, it gets boring. When it gets boring, more people swipe away.

More people swipe away. You have lower, what I would say, an engagement rate ranking on that particular ad, and then it reaches less people. So we can keep the ads very engaging, very popular, very short, to the point.

And then the landing page that we send people to at Listicle, that's where you're going to get all that information from. And then that's where that's going to do all the selling for your particular product or whatever you're trying to push. Now, what products work best with Listicles?

Typically, it's going to be more solution and product-aware markets. It's going to work really well. Pretty much any product outside of fashion and jewelry work really well.

And to be fair, some jewelry products will work really well with Listicles too. But fashion, it's like, hey, you see a shirt, just send people straight to that product page right there. I haven't seen too many Listicles work in the fashion space.

But jewelry, I've actually seen some decent ones in jewelry work too. And then also higher AOV products, like $75 plus, things where there's a little bit more thought and consideration for buying that product, and it's not just a spontaneous purchase. Now, here, we're going to be showing you kind of how it's going to be replicated.

So we'll have the ad, and then we'll be sending traffic to our listicle. And then this was saying VSL, if you watched my VSL video. And then we're going to use the same pixel on this page as our product page.

So that way, all of your tracking will still be the same when it comes down to either Triplewell or the Facebook Ads Manager. As long as we just copy that pixel code onto that particular page itself, you won't have any issues at all with your tracking. And yes, we're still going to be optimizing for purchases.

And yes, we will still be putting this in our original campaign. We're not like creating a split test here. We're just simply creating a whole new, what I would say, quote unquote, funnel that we're launching within the side of this campaign with fresh new ads for this particular funnel itself.

And then the whole process here is that you do your research, you write down your hook, and then your hook will be like, you know, for example, the one that we'll be going over today, four lessons boxing taught me about Facebook ads, helping make over a million dollars in 2024. So I did my research, I came up with this hook idea, and then I wrote the listicle, which I did here. And then after that, I created my ads for this listicle, which I'll just show you an example right here, what boxing taught me about Facebook ads, helping me do a million dollars in 2024.

And then I call out, you know, I show something what people want, and then link below to access. And I'm sure you all one more right here. I'm just gonna turn off the volume.

Again, these are things that like, I'm not actually like officially launching, but just to show you an example of how this would technically be structured from like an ad perspective. And then, you know, the process of which I followed, you know, to be able to create all this right there. So now that you have all that done, what you want to do here, write the hook, make sure your hook appeals to the market awareness you're trying to hit on.

So again, it's to be more like solution aware market, and then also to product aware market, and then your desire, sophistication, all that good stuff. So, you know, just go over and show you all mine. Four lessons boxing taught me about Facebook ads.

So this is gonna be more kind of what I would say an unaware market, particularly for this one, because what I'm doing here is I'm just calling out like a big win, which is making a million dollars in 2024. So four lessons boxing taught me about Facebook ads to help me make over a million dollars in 2024. All right, now there's a lot going on here with this hook.

So why did I call out boxing? Why did I call out Facebook ads? And why did I call out making over a million dollars in 2024?

So making over a million dollars in 2024, that's the give a fuck. That's why should someone care to read this? That's why I call it the give a fuck.

Why should someone give a fuck about this? Well, this is a big win, which is making a million dollars in 2024. So they wanna make that much money and I'm showing them four things here that helps me achieve that.

Now, next one, Facebook ads. Why did I call this out? Because I wanna talk to people that are already running Facebook ads.

People that are running Facebook ads is my target audience here. So, hey, if you're running Facebook ads, this is what will make over a million dollars in 2024. I'm calling out a big win here.

Now, boxing, the reason why I call out boxing is because one, I want to appeal to people that also are interested in boxing. They like Facebook ads and are also interested in boxing. I could literally do the same with Call of Duty.

I could do the same with whiskey. I could do the same thing with cigars. Just other personal things I like.

I like boxing. I do it multiple times a week. It's one of my favorite hobbies outside of sitting here and making YouTube videos for you guys.

So, for me, I'm calling out something I like and I'm gonna appeal to people that also like Facebook ads and also like boxing or have some type of, you know, they don't actually have to box, but they might like it to some degree. So, I call out that particular audience, which is boxing and Facebook ads. I'm calling out four lessons here.

So, I'm still, instead of like three reasons why, I'm just doing four lessons why or something like that. And it's still technically a listicle here. And that's why I'm also like opening up your mind to that, hey, listicle, it's not just three reasons why you should buy your product.

You can use it for multiple different types of ad angles. So, this is basically gonna be my listicle today. And I'm gonna break it a little bit further down as, you know, we kind of go on today.

But just to show y'all how I wrote that hook. And then here, if you wanna know more about like awareness, sophistication, desires, all that stuff, I highly recommend watching this series right here. And then this series right here will go over all of those key things you need to know about writing the hook.

Once you write the hook, then you can actually write the rest of the script. So, here, I said four lessons boxing taught me about Facebook ads that helped me make over a million dollars in 2024. So, I actually talked about the four lessons.

But we also need to look at this from a strategic perspective of I still need to make money from this. So, how do I put this value out while also still giving some level of a call to action and some level of like, how do I make money from this and print from this particular ad itself? So, for me, I called out four things.

So, first one, I looked at Stop Chasing New, which is basically like, literally, if you just read this right here, I'd rather get hit by someone who throws a thousand different punches a day versus someone who throws one punch a thousand times a day. Basically, just kind of calling out the fact of, hey, stop chasing new combinations, new punches, and start focusing on mastering the fundamentals, which is research, writing hooks, understanding what to say in ads to get someone to buy and then offer creation. So, I'm just calling out, you know, yeah, fundamentals and stuff right there.

Number two, you have to put in the reps. Someone who practices their jab a hundred times every single day is going to throw a jab significantly better than someone that does one jab a day. Same thing when it comes down to hooks, landing pages, research, all of these things that I see y'all watching, like, you know, looking and commenting on YouTube, hey, I tried this once, it didn't work for me.

I was like, yeah, no shit, you didn't put the fucking reps in. So, you got to put the reps in. Next one, review your sparring footage, which basically I just kind of go over the fact that like, you know, every time after I spar in boxing, we'll do this anywhere between one to two times a week, where after I spar, we sit down with my coach and review my footage.

So, for you as a Facebook advertiser, you need to review your footage every time you spar. This is every time you write an ad and launch it on Facebook ads, sit down, review it after a week and see what went right, what went wrong, what do you need to improve on? And then next one, and the last one is work with a coach.

And I kind of go into the fact, this is where I start actually delivering my sales mechanism. So, you'll notice here, you know, if you want to do the, the Gary V of jab, jab, jab, right hook here, where it's like, all right, value, value, value, like all of this right here, if you boxed and run Facebook ads, you're like in agreement with me here. You're not necessarily like, hey, Nick, that's not right.

So, I'm building up the authority in people's minds here before I finally say, okay, here's the right hook. Right hook meaning, you know, I'm going up for the kill, I'm going up for the sale here. So, last one is work with a coach.

I talk about how, you know, basically I just struggled with like hiring a coach in the beginning. I struggled for these three different reasons, which is like the most common three reasons I see everyone for anything they're trying to master. And then I talk about how I made the same mistakes with Facebook ads.

And then I talk about how like, when I finally basically said, okay, hey, I'm going after mentors. That's when my ad results blew up. And then I talk about how much it made me and all of those good things right there.

Then I talk about, okay, cool. So, here's my journey. Here is where I start shifting now to how to find a good coach.

So like, you need a coach. Here's what a coach did for me. Here's how to spot a good coach.

And then that's when I started going into my delivery of my product, which is, you know, this is why I created my inner circle program, where I focus on coaching Shopify store owners and how to scale fast with Facebook ads. And then I basically just use everything I embed in someone's mind against them now. You know, I'm a good coach because I actively go ahead and run Facebook ads for clients.

I'm actively doing all of this so I can give you real-time updates of what's working and stuff. I do all the calls one-on-one with you personally. Why do I do this?

You know, basically just kind of going into and addressing some objections. Well, hey, if you're making all this money, why would you have a coaching program? Why wouldn't I just work with your mentors?

That's a great question there. And I basically just go into all of that. And then finally, the call to action, where do I apply here?

So you'll see how I kind of weave those thoughts together to where it seems very natural in agreement. So this is my listicle I wrote. Now we actually need to actually go put that onto something.

And again, this is like more of like an unaware type script right here. But you can do this with solution aware. Solution aware would be more like, let's say for example, you want to increase your Facebook ad robust.

It's like four ways to improve your Facebook ad robust. And then like the fourth one could be creative testing. Then you can go into the problem of creative testing.

And then which is like a lot of people don't know what to say within creatives to get them to convert. And then that's why I have my inner circle program. Product aware could be more just like three reasons why you should buy Nick's inner circle program.

And I can go into, you know, reason number one, Nick still does all the coaching. Reason number two, there's a cap of 100 members. So it doesn't get too overcrowded.

Reason number three, Nick actually practices what he does. So you could go and just call out either some different questions, some different objections, or some common objections and common questions you get across the community. And then you can actually apply those as the listicle right there.

So that way it's answering all those things that's eaten people's minds already. And we're just simply calling those out and then addressing them inside of that listicle right there. Now, next thing is become a student of listicles.

Before you sit down to write a listicle, become a student of listicles. So let's go over a couple real quick. We just went over one, which is like my rough draft basically.

Now let's go over a couple more of these now. So I'm going to inspect the element, just so that way we can look at it from the perspective of, you know, like what a mobile user would. And that's what probably like dominantly most mobile users are, you know, doing.

So six reasons why women, or six reasons women over 50 need this derplementing system. I don't even know, but let's go over this real quick. Six reasons why.

So we're going to kind of know like what's going on here. Woman over 50, we're calling out the audience that we need to see, need this derma planning system. So there's no benefit here, but it definitely doesn't treat curiosity.

And it does imply, I guess you could say some level of a benefit because they're kind of showing this right here. I wouldn't say it's the best hook ever, but I would say it's pretty good. Now here, all they do is very simple.

They show an image, a reason, and then they educate people on that reason. Image, reason, educate people on that reason. Image, reason, educate people on that reason.

Image, reason, educate people on that reason. All right. And the reason why I keep saying that is because I'm looking for patterns here.

What are the patterns that I'm noticing? Because when I go create my listicle, I can see what's kind of already working for people. And then here, you go through these couple of reasons and then you basically click on the product and then it sends you to the product page.

So very simple. And then it looks like they also imported some reviews and stuff. That's pretty cool.

I'm going to exit all that. So let's go look at another one real quick. Inspect and let's check this out.

So we have our hook. This one has a little bit more of like a sub headline on this one. This one doesn't.

I actually like this one because of how simple it is. This one adds a bunch of other text right here that I don't see. I'm too lazy to read.

So we got image, reason, explain the reason. Image, reason, explain the reason. Something cool about this one is that they're doing different section colors just to kind of make them pop a little bit more.

Image, reason, explain the reason. So we're noticing a very clear pattern amongst two different, what I would say, listicles. Now, cool thing about this one is this one actually just kind of goes in and basically instead of showing the product like this, this one right here, it just does literally like a call to action, big ass button that says check availability.

That's pretty cool. I like that. And then let's go over this one real quick.

Six reasons everyone with swollen feet should be taking this Antarctic super nutrient. I like this one because it's introducing a new mechanism here. It's calling out people with swollen feet.

So it's actually calling out people with a problem. They're calling out people with a problem and they're giving them this new solution for it. Here, they kind of go into like a before and after.

They do some reviews. They do... This one also has like...

It's interesting about this one is this one almost does like a little bit of like a editorial style first before it goes into the actual things itself. So this one's like almost like a hybrid right in the middle. So very interesting approach for this one.

And... But it definitely does still follow the same process. This one also looks a lot more visually compelling.

And what do I mean by that? So let's take a look at this. So this one's pretty cool right here.

Some good visuals. There's a lot of different color going on and like wording, like the words have different like paragraph styles apply to it right there, which is cool. You got some, you know, big text.

You got some small text. You got some different color text. You got some underline text.

You have a lot of variety, which actually makes it easier for the consumer to read. Now, something interesting about this one here is it looks like it does instead of image, reason, reason why. It does reason, image, reason why.

And then before it splits to the next reason, they do a review each time, which is also pretty cool. That's interesting. I like that.

Now, I'm not a super big fan of the reviews this early because now it's making it look like it's a product like to be sold a lot faster. So because of the market they're going after, which, well, to be fair, they're also still pushing this new mechanism. So people already know that this Antarctic super nutrient.

So people already kind of know that like there's going to be a product being sold here. So I guess, yeah, I'm not actually, that's no problem at all in that case. Yeah, this is pretty cool.

And then it looks like they do some reviews, more reviews. Yeah, so this is like definitely a hybrid right now between like an advertorial and a listicle. Definitely pretty cool.

I do like it. I don't know how well it's working, but I do like it. And I'm just kind of scrolling down to see.

Yeah, that is a very, very long sales page. Cool. Cool.

So now we've reviewed some listicles. Let's actually go and create one now. Now it's the time.

We consume the couple. We consume three today, or technically three and in line, so four. And then we also kind of looked at some of the psychological levers and we looked at some called actions.

We got our script created. We got our ads created. So let's go ahead and get this rolling.

So I'm just going to create a... I'm going to go personally into ClickFunnels. That's the landing page software I'm going to use for today.

Long story short, I run an agency. I like ClickFunnels' ability to make landing pages fast. And also too, it's completely separate from my clients.

So I'm going to have to worry about like their domains and stuff like that. Also too, if you want, there's also Replo and PageDeck. They're also two amazing landing page softwares as well.

So I do highly recommend y'all check those out as well. I'm personally just going to use ClickFunnels. Make this easy for me.

So I'm just going to create... Let me just create this as like a new funnel real quick. And I'm just going to call this listicle create funnel step.

And we're going to bounce into here. And then I already have some like quote unquote presets pages. So I'm just going to use one of those to make this a little bit quicker.

If anyone wants this like template, if you use ClickFunnels and you want a template you can plug and play, I'll drop it below. That way you guys can get this yourself. So this is one that I just made as a template a while back.

So we're just going to bust into this real quick. First things first is tracking code. Here's where you're going to copy in your meta pixel code.

So that way when you send people from this website, you don't have to worry about, you know, what I would say like, you don't have to worry about like that pixel not working correctly and everything. So let's go ahead and start editing this up. So a couple of things for listicle as well is we, you don't have to make the listicle seem like another website.

So in this particular case right here, this particular template is what I would say. This template itself, it's going to look more like an advertorial. That's cool.

But for this one right here, we are just going to, you know, like I'm going to delete this, this little part up here. And that's just because I don't need that. We're not going to make this look like a, what you call it.

We're not going to make this look like a third party website. It's basically what I'm saying. Like we can actually make this look like it's on your website.

And that's cool. Now for me, I do like editing everything on mobile, how I have it right here, because this right here allows me to just better see how it's going to be actually shown to people and stuff like that. Four lessons boxing taught me about Facebook ads.

That helps me make over a million dollars in 2024. So this definitely could be a little cleaner. I'm just going to do that, make it a little smaller.

And then I'm actually going to censor this. Let me see if I can do it. There we go.

Boom. Let's see if we can just do something like underlining that. Maybe something like this.

I wouldn't say it's the best looking. Let's see. Let's get some inspiration real quick.

Yeah. These look so much more sexier. Let's see.

There we go. We'll just roll with that real quick. All right.

Four lessons about boxing taught me about Facebook ads. Helping make over a million dollars, 2024. I'm not going to worry about images right now, just because I want to also be simple here.

Like I don't want to have to sit here and, you know, take up too much of y'all time for like little seem, like little easy shit like that. But we're going to follow the same suit. So we're going to do is I'm going to put that in, paste that in, stop chasing new.

I'm going to duplicate that one. And then let's go and start. Copy that in.

Let me make this easy. There we go. Oh yeah, there we go.

And then I'm just going to make sure that's not capitalized. And then I'll probably increase this up. It's about 22.

Now I'm going to duplicate this one and we'll just put it. There we go. Have to put in the reps.

Nice, nice. Again, we're still following the same flow. Picture, reason, reason why.

The only difference here is just these pictures do not correlate at all. So like don't use these fucking pictures, obviously. All right.

Awesome. And then let me just delete this. Delete all of this.

Cool. And then I'm just going to do that. Now, instead of checking availability, check availability, I really like, I see that one work really well, but just for this particular one, I'm going to do apply now just because of how the thing is.

And then I'm also going to change this. So we terry solutions. Here we go.

Save that. And let's preview for lessons. Boxing talking about Facebook.

I saw that me go for a million dollars in 2024. I'm going to delete this just because again, we're not trying to make this look like a news article or anything like that. I'm going to add a little bit of top margin for that.

Let me see if I just have any assets I can use real quick. It's just a random asset. I'm not actually going to use this, but there we go.

Just to make it look a little bit better. I'm just pulling some random stuff. Let's see.

Do I have any more? I'm just going to upload random screenshots. Make this easy.

Here's someone doing a million dollars. Obviously you want to be more strategic here. Let's see.

Do I have any more screenshots? Another screenshot. Yeah, there we go.

There we go. That looks good. Four lessons.

Boxing talking about Facebook ads. Helped me make over a million dollars in 2024. Obviously, again, these screenshots and like these things right here, they're not relevant to my hook and stuff.

I would actually encourage you to actually create good assets for that. But just because of, you know, I don't want to bore y'all with creating more images and stuff like that. But that's the main thing right there.

And then we can actually preview this and stuff. And then now we have our official editorial or listicle. Now, let's just kind of go back and compare this to something like this one.

Let's see what are we missing here. So we have our hook. We have that.

We have our image. So if we go look real quick at ours, let's do inspect. I want to make sure they're judged fairly.

So this one's a little bit better with, in terms of like how this is structured and stuff. I could maybe try something where we do something where it's like this, where we clone it for lessons. And then I could do that.

And then maybe let me see if I can make this a little bit bigger. Cool. And let's also do like a, Oh God, I think I hate that worse.

Yeah, that looks way worse. Oh yeah, that looks way worse. We're not going to do that.

All right. We're just going to do four lessons. Box told me about Facebook ads.

And then let's just bring that font down a little bit. All right, cool. And then, so we both got our hooks.

Next one, we got image re and then. All right. So they actually have at least one introductory image.

So we can do one introductory image real quick. We'll just get another screenshot right here. All right.

So here hook thing introduction, and then we're going into each individual one. So we have our image reason reason why let's just go and look at that image reason reason why good image reason reason why image reason reason why. So we've done successfully what this particular landing page does.

And I would say, I would say we did pretty well. I mean, the only thing we did include was the reviews and stuff like that. And that's just because I don't have the app to plug into click funnels that pulls all those reviews, but I could screenshot them and put them below.

Let's just say, for example, I'll take this one. Let me just select a different placement for this. Let's just do.

Yeah, here we go. Just something random right here. All right.

And then what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to drag this all the way to the bottom. This is actual testimonials from my, some of my inner circle students. So I'm just going to pull some of these in there.

Shout out to Isaac and Paul Hahn, Joshua Patrell, some of the students here inside the inner circle. I believe in these baller reviews. And let me just select some more of these.

There we go. So now we're doing the same thing as this one. Now let's look at some of these other landing pages real quick and see what else we may be missing.

So one thing that Blissy does really well that I really like is the different colors for each one. Now click funnels makes this a little difficult because if I think if I just do like color change, let's do background color. Huh?

I don't care for that. So click funnels makes it a little difficult with this, but we're going to just kind of do it a little simple real quick. It's not going to look the best, but the right way to do it with click funnels is that you need to create a new section.

So like I would technically like add a section for each reason why. And then inside that section, I can do background color and I can make it look actually correct, but we didn't do it as a section. So just keep in mind, if you are going to do that in one change to background colors to do that.

Um, so we're going to do it the, not the best way here, but just to give it and show y'all proof of concept. Ooh, I like that yellow, like that background color. Let's do that.

We do green. I don't think we did green. Could you imagine having to read a sales message here, a sales message and highlighter pink?

Like I'd be miserable just to show you an example of how they did that one. And that was from Blissy. Oh, so it looks like they just did two colors, which is that like yellow and that reddish.

I much prefer that. Honestly, let's change that. I don't like any color to be fair for the main sales message, but these are good like this.

Yeah, not bad. All right. So that was from Blissy.

That's what we learned. Oh, they also have this really cool thing right here. So we could do something similar to that.

Let's go create a new elements. And honestly, let me just duplicate this. This one actually looks pretty similar.

I'm going to duplicate that. Drag that down. All right.

Caution. All right. What's theirs?

Please notice a special induction online to companies now. Okay. So this one's actually leveraging something here regarding, okay, we're actually just going to copy that.

And then let's just change that real quick. And we're going to take that background color. And we're going to make that a little bit less.

And then border color. They typically do a border color. Advance borders.

We want full border. And we're going to do border radius. I'm not sure, but it does look a lot better.

All right. It's a special introductory online schedule. The company is now offering up to 55% off first.

Okay. I don't like that. We don't offer offers.

Please note. This group is limited to 100 members at a time due to Nick's 100% involved with each student. This is a community at any time.

So I'm going to take over. I'm going to remove this. Plus if you aren't totally happy with your, I don't like that either.

Honestly, I don't like any of these. So I'm just going to leave that. I'm not saying that they're bad.

I'm just saying relative to what I'm posting about. It just doesn't make sense. So here we go.

This looks a little bit better right there. I like that. So we got that from Blissey.

We got the big check availability offer. We got our reviews, which is all below. Now, last thing, let's check out the leg swelling.

One of the biggest things I really liked about this one was the typography. And that's the random like capital and I capitalize bolding things, underlining things, making some things and bigger texts. Or I say bigger texts and like capitals and stuff like that.

So let's really go deep and start breaking some of this up. So like research and capitalize that. There we go.

Really just capitalizing or bolding things that just look important. And it just breaks up things for the eye to easier to consume. If you watch my Facebook ads, like image ads that scale video, it's a big one right there.

But yeah, so that's it. There's a couple of things like Q and a and stuff like that on this one. But to be fair, like the, again, the only thing I really liked about this one was the type of typography.

I'm still not a huge fan of these colors. So yeah, but we'll, we'll let it roll. We could probably change this one.

Let's do this one to background color. So yellow, red, yellow, I'm not going to show up the red. Oh God.

It was this one. And then there we go. We got a listicle ad.

Now, how do we actually launch this? So we have our listicle. Then we have our creatives here.

Now, how do we launch this? So obviously from here, you would go in and then like you would go to settings and click funnels. And inside of settings, you would make sure that you select your domain and it'd be the domain that you want to send to people to.

Right. That's actually from the editorial video. Let me just go and do this one.

There we go. And then here, let me just make sure apply. Now it takes people to my inner circle.

This is also another question I've had someone say, which is like, where does the product page come in play versus the listicle? The product page is more of like, here's all the details. Here's like that final close.

Whereas this one right here, this page we just created, it creates the reason why you need the inner circle. And then this one actually shows you the inner circle, all the benefits, more reviews, all of those good things there. And then, yeah, it is still technically an e-commerce funnel because my inner circle, you apply, you get instant notification if you, you're approved or not, and you can sign up and purchase there.

So it is an e-com funnel in that sense right there. But you could send people to your Shopify product page from here. I mean, literally, you know, Blissey's doing it, check availability, all that stuff.

If you want to know how to actually like test these Facebook ads and everything, test Facebook ads, Nick Theriot, watch this video right here, how to test Facebook ads in 2025, where I show you step-by-step of actually going ahead, creating the campaign, how we create new ad sets for all of our tests. I would just simply create this as a new ad test. I would create basically that new ad set with these new creatives.

And then instead of sending people over, if we go into this and like, look at this real quick, instead of sending people over to like, maybe your product page is what you're probably sending traffic to right now. Inside, if I can find it real quick, instead of sending people to your product page, all you're simply going to be doing is you'll be sending people to this funnel now. And then what will happen is from here, and it'll be this link, you'll be sending people here, people will review this, and then they'll go and hit apply now.

No, you do not need to go ahead and take your already existing winning ads that's crushing and go and like tweak this to where like you're running traffic to those, because this is just a whole new funnel with whole new messaging and everything. And that's what I really want to push on to you guys. Don't go focus on currently and beat what you have now.

Focus on just totally new funnels like this. I have an avatorial video. I have a VSL video and I have a listicle video now.

So y'all literally have all three, all the big main ones that you want to go after. And I'll do a sales page one as well, which the sales page one is literally identical to this. It's just more longer format.

So I hope you enjoyed this video. Make sure to like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you want me to come in your business, create, you know, do all the research, create the Facebook ads that scale for your business, create the landing pages, the avatorials, all of those good stuff. Click link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And then if you're actually interested in hopping on some one-on-one calls with me, for me to review your ad account, give you feedback on your ads, then click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Thank y'all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day and peace out.