All right, so got a few requests basically just asking for kind of an updated guide of like going through an ad account and stuff in terms of like optimizations regarding budgets, turning off things, all of those good things like that. So I'm just going to pop open an ad account real quick. It's an account that we've been scaling over the last couple of days.

And I'm just going to kind of treat it like, hey, this is kind of the first day or first time I look at the account. Now let's go ahead and do some optimizations to this account. So for this particular account right here, we pretty much have one, two main products we're scaling right now.

And then we have like some product testing on the side and, you know, landing page, all that good stuff. But I'm just going to primarily put my focus right here to this particular campaign. First thing that I'm looking at when I'm opening up an ad account is just kind of how performance is going.

And I specifically like to look at yesterday. Now, in this particular case right here, this particular client wants a 3x or higher for return on ad spend. He doesn't care about NCPA or CPA or any of that bullshit.

This particular client is just, hey, 3x ROAS or higher and they're good with scaling. So for me yesterday, cool. We're at a 3x ROAS.

I'm going to go just literally click on the budget right here. Or honestly, what I like to do is just go right here, campaign budget. I'm going to increase the daily budget and I'm going to increase that by 20%.

And I'm just going to hit publish on that. And boom, there we go. Now, to be fair here, since this account is doing well, we're doing above our target.

I'm honestly not going to do anything else. Like I would literally exit out of this and be done for today because there's nothing I need to do here. Like, yeah, I could go turn off an ad technically and see if there's an ad that's like, you know, hurting performance.

But overall is doing really good right now. So why would I want to fuck up something that's going really well? And even looking at today's data, we're already doing better than yesterday.

So for me, there's nothing I need to do here. Now, let's say maybe performance is declining or maybe we're not really doing solid on this account right now. Well, then I'll click on campaign right here.

And then the first thing I like to do is look at yesterday, sort by amount spent. And I also like to look at yesterday just to see if there's anything new that's starting to gain overall spend. But for the majority, I like looking at the last seven days right here.

Now, you'll notice I also like to use performance and clicks. That's kind of the column I've just been using because to be fair, all I care about is cost per purchase. And it also allows me to see other things like frequency and cost per click right here.

So in this particular case right here, I'm looking at the last seven days. And what I like to do, I always make sure I click on amount spent where it sorts everything from top down. And you'll notice I have a bunch of ads that's active right now, and that's perfectly fine.

But what I want to look for first is what is hurting performance. So ideally, you want to see is you want to see this cost per purchase of $25 right here. You want to see everything below this being cheaper than the highest spending one.

So like, for example, this is $25. I want to see everything lower than that, you know, basically lower that in spend have a lower cost per purchase. So if I look down right here, $25, $22, $23, $16, $16, $17, $16, $24, $22, $16, $27.

So because it has a $27 cost per purchase, it has a, you know, it's actually, it's not necessarily hurting performance. But it's like, all right, hey, like, this is likely not really going to scale this account. In that particular case, the next question I like to ask myself, has it spent at least 1x my AOV?

AOV for this particular account right here is roughly, I don't know, $56. So yeah, it has. So I'm just going to turn that off.

Cool. So now all of our ads are good here. I don't need to do anything else.

We also have been going back and forth with this as well, where we're turning off ads that don't get spin after seven days. Originally, I was extremely for this because it reduced the amount of complications you had to like worry about. But what I'm starting to notice is that for ads that didn't get spin in the last seven days, if you leave them on, what will happen is there will be like a bucket with a very slow leak in it.

And it will be like ads that are spending like, you know, like $9 every week. And then you see it and you look at it as a long-term window. It's like, oh, fuck.

This ad spent $9 every week for the last 10 weeks. It spent $90. Now it's added at cost per purchase.

But it just doesn't look bad because it lost seven days right there. So ideally, I want to look at the last seven days. And, you know, I'm not worried about like, I'm not going to turn this off right here.

Like, yes, it didn't spin a lot, but it's getting pretty consistent purchases. Pretty much all of these are getting pretty consistent purchases, even though they're not overall spenders. And, yeah, like there's no reason for me to turn those off right there.

The only reason why I turn this one off is because it's getting some sales, but it's a much higher cost of purchase than my highest spending ad set right here. Now, next thing is, okay, what if performance is down, cost per purchase is really bad? Obviously, the next thing I'll be looking at is, okay, what's the highest, like what's the gap between this highest spending one right here and the two or three down here?

So, for example, if you notice right here, it's a $25 cost per purchase. Let's say if this was like a $22 or like, let's just say this was $5, this was $10, this is $15, like a huge gap between these cost per purchases. And the ad spend was like even like more than this.

It'd be like, okay, cool. It'd be clear to like turn these off. But like, for example, the other day I got on a call with one of the one-on-one students and like they had like a, I don't know, like a $50 cost per purchase right here.

And then they had like a $5 and a $10 cost per purchase. But then when you looked at their ads, it had like $5 in spend, $10 in spend, and then like $1,000 in spend. So like it wouldn't make sense in that particular scenario right there to turn it off in that sense.

So, yeah, I mean, that's it right there. It's all the adjustments I'm doing. If I were to turn off something like a top spender like this, just record it in your MER sheet, test it out for about two or three days, and then see if performance increases or decreases.

If performance gets worse when you turn off a top spender, then that means turn it back on. It's very simple. If performance gets better, then cool.

Leave it off. Now, last thing, just to give you all some context of what we've been doing for uploading ads. For us lately, we have been starting to experiment more with just single ads.

Instead of uploading a bunch at once or like instead of doing flexible, we have been experimenting with uploading single ads, and then we're just uploading two different primary texts. So primary text one, primary text two, and then primary text one, primary text two. And then that way we can start to see what creative works and all of those good things right there.

So let me just go back to this. There we go. But yeah, so just keep things, you know.

Let's see. Let me go back to this one. So yeah, so just going to show you all like what we're doing in that sense.

And I think you can also do a breakdown on here. Let me go to text. There we go.

Well, maybe not. You can't. But yeah, so you can't necessarily see it.

But yeah, I mean, that's it. That's all we're doing. We're keeping things simple, scaling, how to launch new ads, when to turn ads off, when to turn testing ad sets off.

Yeah, I mean, I think the only thing else here would just be like creative stuff. But yeah, hopefully it gives you a good little update of just kind of what we're doing. As far as frequency, like I said, you can scale this 20% every day.

As far as like coming in here and doing this like last seven day window, you can do this every day. It doesn't run with that. Just try not to like overly optimize in a sense of like, you know, I would want to come in here and turn off like five ad sets at once.

Unless they're all like five ad sets. That's not getting like any spin or anything like that. And then the other thing here is for the, let's see, what's the other one?

Launching new ads. For launching new ads, we like to just kind of pick like a one day a week where like we come in and we tweak those new ads. Or one day a week we launch everything.

And in that way, it's easier to just like a systemization perspective to where we know, hey, every day on this particular or every week on this particular day, that's when we're launching our new ads. To where to get a full seven days to test. And that's it.

Keep it simple. Keep it simple.