Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video.

How are you guys? Today, we're going to discuss how exactly can you get 3x return on ad spend with Facebook ads in 2020 or 2022. Is it possible?

Is that still a thing? Or is 14.5 completely crushed every opportunity to get results in Facebook ads? And actually, the answer is no.

You still can get very, very profitable results with Facebook ads. We have accounts spending multiple five figures per day and we have accounts spending a few hundred bucks a day. We have everything in between and yes, they are still very profitable on Facebook.

So even more profitable than they were a year or two ago before we jumped in that account. So not to flatter myself or anything like that, but there's still a big opportunity of results with Facebook ads. So before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's get started.

So ROAS as a whole is a very complex number because there's so many things that go into ROAS. Return on ad spend. A lot of people like to use MER now.

Marketing efficiency ratio. Marketing efficiency ratio is looking at your overall advertising spend, overall revenue on a month to month basis or day-to-day basis. ROAS, literally the same thing, except you might look at ROAS more application or channel specific.

So like you might get three extra ROAS on Facebook, four X on Google and a two X on TikTok, but your overall is like a 3.1 MER. That makes sense. So, but it's complex because there's so many things that go into it.

Obviously you have your spin and your revenue. That's what a lot of people like to look at, but you, I've seen brands double their ROAS by simply increasing the conversion rate on their website, not changing a single thing in ads. I've seen brands increase ROAS by simply tweaking their product price.

I've seen brands increase their ROAS by offering a upsell. So there's other things outside of just ads and ad account tactics to get you a better ROAS on Facebook. With all that being said, I'm going to assume your conversion rate's dialed in.

I'm going to assume you have a great product itself. I've seen people just try to push a crappy product that no one wanted. So regardless of all the creative testing they did, just can you not get it to move.

So I'm going to assume your product's dialed in, assume your price is dialed in. I'm going to assume any upsells and things like that is all dialed in. So everything on the backside, everything that happens after the click on the ad is dialed in.

And then now, how do we get a better ROAS focusing on the acquisition side of acquiring new customers to purchase from your brand? Okay. So sit back, let's dive into this.

Number one is audience research, the unsexy side of advertising, the side that honestly puts me to sleep, but I've grown for a new appreciation for it since I've really started to just grab this concept and own it. Audience research is super, super important because it's the highest level action you can take to improve performance in an ad account. Why Nick?

Why is that? Well, number one, you're going to get super clear on who is your ideal customer. Number two, you're going to be able to get even further clear of what they desire, what's their problems they're having, what's their current situation, what's their desired situation, and it's going to allow you to understand how your product helps them get there.

Okay. Once you have a super good understanding of that right there, and this is something that we do on a weekly basis, every week, set alarm for one hour. It's been one hour every week, just looking at audience research around your product.

Okay. Go on YouTube, look at reviews, similar products, go on Instagram, figure out what trends, go on TikTok, figure out what trends and stuff like that. It's popular in your niche, all that fun stuff right there.

And it's going to start to give you ideas of different ad concepts that you can use and launch. Okay. And these ad concepts are going to be highly relevant.

A better relevancy is going to increase your return on ads, increase your click rates, all that good stuff like that, because the ads feel like they're actually talking to the consumer in a more organic way, or just a better way in that sense, and it's going to give you better results due to that. Okay. So audience research.

All right. Now, again, when you're doing all this audience research, your objective here is to understand who's your main persona. What is their current situation right now?

Current situation. Okay. So I'll give you guys something right now.

I'm going to give you guys my actual buying process right now. Okay. Taking a trip next week to Miami.

So I'm bacheloring a whole bunch of videos right now. I'm taking trips to Miami next week. And guess what?

It's warmer outside. I have no sharts, no sharts in my closet. And I need some sharts, some nice dress sharts right now before I take this business trip.

Okay. So my current situation is I'm busy right now. Okay.

I'm busy. I'm working. I'm a ambitious individual, individual, and I have no time to go find some new sharts.

I have no dress sharts. My closet, my wardrobe, current wardrobe does not have what I need for this trip. Okay.

So the weather's warming up. Okay. Well, they're warming up.

Don't have the sharts, yada, yada, yada. Boom. You can start listing all that down on a sheet of paper.

That's my current situation. My desired situation is that when I go to Miami, I'm wearing these sharts that already match my polo shirts and stuff. And they're going to be cool.

They're going to be relaxed. They're going to be comfortable. I won't have to worry about sweating in them and stuff like that.

They're going to feel good. I can wear them all day. Okay.

That's my desired situation. Guess what? That whole ad right there could be that.

Where will I be wearing these pants? Well, I'm going to be at this massive mansion with my mentor, Jeremy Haynes. Go look him up on Instagram.

Shout out to my boy, Jeremy. It's just like at Jeremy on Instagram. Amazing guy.

I'm going to be with my mentor, this mansion with a whole bunch of other people like me. Okay. I want to, that's going to be like where I'll be seen at.

I'm also going to go downtown Miami on the shopping centers and stuff like that. Walk around and browse a little bit. I'm also going to go see some clients.

Okay. So I could do a whole ad right there in terms of the locations. I'm going to go film a model in those locations.

I'm also going to, cause it's, it's showing off a luxurious lifestyle in that sense right there. I can film that. And then I can also all those exactly desired.

So my problem, problem looking to upgrade your wardrobe. Okay, cool. That's one of my problems.

Another problem is I don't have the sharts. So another intro, one intro could be looking to upgrade your wardrobe. Second intro could be need a new pair of sharts for the summer.

Okay. And the last pair could last intro could be ditch your old sharts or you need this, you need these sharts or something like that. Okay.

Three intros to grab my current situation. And I'm going to showcase my desired situation, desired situation. Cool, comfortable, wear them all day, look good, feel good.

Guess what? That's going to be the text. And then my desired situation.

I'm also going to show off all the locations that I would wear these particular pants in. Cause again, if I'm a person that's making these sharts, I want to appeal to someone that's going to a business trip. All right.

What is someone going to do on a business trip? He's going to eat probably at some nice restaurants. He's going to probably stay in a nice location.

He'll probably meet with some other high net worth individuals. And they're also probably in like cities and stuff like that. Okay.

So I'm going to showcase that as the creative side in the video. Okay. So there we go.

We just built an ad together. That's going to convert 10 X better than your little ad that shows the sharts and a white background that says, get yours today. Our flash sale 20% off like that bullshit right there.

You can't do in 2022. Okay. You got to build a legitimate brand and build legitimate ads that connect to people and bridge people and show people how you can get them to their desired situation by, you know, utilizing your product.

So imagine someone right there. And, um, this is actually probably going the complete opposite way. I want to go with this video, but it's actually working really well.

Imagine someone at one side of the bridge. Okay. Imagine the golden gate, great gate bridge, golden gate bridge.

Okay. Big ass bridge. Okay.

From here to here. Okay. Boom.

There's the bridge in the middle. All right. Just imagine that your prospect is right here.

Okay. You're their desired vision. Their desired goals are right here.

Okay. You as a marketer need to get them from here to here. Imagine they have a blindfold on and it's fricking foggy at six o'clock in the morning.

They can't see shit. Okay. You have to handhold them from here to here from one side of the bridge to the other side without them falling off or something like that.

Okay. Cause that'd be very unfortunate. So you as a marketer, you need to get them from here to here and the marketing, your capabilities through copywriting, creative handhold them and bring them to their desired situation.

Okay. That's something you got important when you understand that and you create content and create creative and copy that articulate that that's how you're gonna get a better row as with Facebook ads and crush your acquisition side. Okay.

So now we have the marketing concept down. Okay. Now, obviously we've got the creative side down too.

You're going to go out there, create those creatives and stuff. Okay. Now you need to be testing new creatives and new angles on a weekly basis.

Every week we ask our team, okay, do we want to create a new angle or do we want to create iterations of a creative angle that's performed well? So let's say last week we launched a new angle for a client, crushed it over the last seven days. Like just crushed it.

Amazing performance. Okay. Now here's the thing.

This week we sat down and said, Hey, is there anything else we can do to squeeze more juice out that angle? Yes. There's seven different variations.

Cool. We created them this week and we launched them today for creative testing next week. We're focused on a new angle because we, we squeezed all the juice out that angle.

So next week let's create a new angle. Okay. So that's how we're going to continue to grow and scale and build this up, this ad account over a long period of time.

Okay. So that's something I do in a weekly basis. I have a video on how to do creative testing in 2022.

Okay. Go on my YouTube channel, search it up. It was posted two or three weeks ago.

Boom. Now you know how to do creative testing. Okay.

Now, what do you do when you find winners? Well, I already have a video on that. It's called my simple ad account structure.

It allows me to scale 2x faster. And I literally show you how I move creative testing ads to my scaling campaign. Very simple.

Okay. In fact, Facebook ads is more simple than they were in 2015. Okay.

Ad account is super simple. One campaign broad, um, one campaign per, you know, business objective. So that's gonna be another video that's going to soon drop in the future, but majority of our accounts, one campaign broad second campaign for creative testing.

And boom, I have videos on that. You can go on YouTube and watch those videos on how to do that, where it becomes even more important than ever to succeed with Facebook ads in 2022 is the creative testing on a weekly basis, learning from that and improving every new creative that you make based off your week to week, um, kind of optic, not optimizations, but your week to week, um, kind of just understanding of what's going on in the account. Okay.

So this is how you get a three extra row ass, but Facebook ads 2022, and I could do a whole nother segment where I talk about how a high row ass is actually means you're losing money. And that's a very hard concept to understand, but brands spending million dollars a year, understand this. And that's going to be a whole nother video.

Um, cause I really don't want to confuse you guys too much, but, um, hopefully this video brought some, shed some light into you of what you need to do as a marketer. Give you guys three, three particular habits right here that you got to do right now. Okay.

Habit number one, set a timer or set an alarm, whatever, and some of the limit to where you can only access your ad account for no more than one hour a week. Okay. Your ad account, the amount of time you log in business.facebook.com boom, ad accounts, what's going on.

Okay. You're only allowed one hour in the ad account a week. That's it.

Okay. Oh, Nick, that's crazy. I spent all day in there right now, day trading and stuff like that.

Well, you got to fix your, you got to fix your, your strategy and structure. Okay. Second goal, spend one hour a week researching your audience and your competitors.

Okay. It's going to stem new ideas for new creatives on a weekly basis. It's going to fuel your audience research in a week.

So now you're at two hours a week right now. Okay. Third one.

It's a, it's an important one right here. Okay. This is where you just sit down and you write and create the briefs for a copy.

So like, if you don't have a video editor, go out there and find one, cause you should not be doing video editing. If you're watching these videos. Okay.

There's easy freelancer fiverr.com sending the ads out your copy. You could still write your own copy. You can use ad zombies.

That's not a good one right there, but sit down and just write some copy. Okay. Now this is going to start fueling your creative inspiration three hours a week, these three goals, and it's going to help you move your ad account in the right direction that you need to for 2022.

Yeah. Thank you guys so much for watching this video. This is everything that we're implementing, everything that's crushing it for us.

And I really hope you guys take some value from this. So if you're an econ business owner making at least $50,000 per month in revenue, and you would love to work with an agency that focus at has done over $15 million in revenue in the last two and a half years, let's hop on a zoom call together. Click link below to do so.

Let's hop on a zoom call together. We'll put a strategy together for you. You have the option to take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

So if you're making less than 50 K a month and you still love everything I do, and you want to wait to kind of like work together, then hit that subscribe button and keep watching these videos because they're engineered to make you more money. You cannot go broke by watching my videos. Now, maybe if you're going to watch, you know, the Oscars or something like that.

Yeah, you're gonna go broke, but keep watching these videos. It's gonna make you more money in the long run. And I will have a course coming out soon.

I'm just trying to put everything together of how I want to emulate that to you guys, but that will be out soon. So in terms of like the, the details on it, the planning, here's everything that's gonna be included. And I just got to film it all.

That's it. So just give me a little update on that. So thank you guys so much for watching the videos.

Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Stario. Talk to you guys later.

Peace.