How many winning Facebook ads do you need to scale with Facebook? Today, I'll be answering the question that I get so much in my comments, and that is, how many winning ads do I need to scale? Today, I'll be answering that question, going through a few different scenarios.

But hopefully, I'll explain that to you guys in that case right there. Now, if you're questioning who I am and why am I credible to be teaching this type of things, I've done over $50 million in online revenue for my clients at my Facebook ads agency, obviously through Facebook ads. And yeah, I run Facebook ads for people.

Click links below to kind of get an audit from me and hop on a call with me. We can discuss a bit more for your business. Also, coach and mentor students for those who want to go the route of doing it on their own, but just want that guidance from me.

Also, I have a group below where, you know, coach and mentor people in that case right there as well. So, getting the links below for that as well. Before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into the video. So, Nick, how many winning ads do I need to scale with Facebook? You know, this is a loaded question because honestly, like I've spent $100,000 in a day on one Facebook ad account with literally like two winning ads.

Okay. I've also, you know, seen accounts where we're spending 10 to 15k a day consistently over a year period of time. And we have like six to seven or three to six solid winning ads.

Okay. So, it comes down to a few different key variables here. Okay.

So, realistically, the answer is it depends. Okay. And just like anything else.

Okay. You know, if you have a really strong, compelling ad, like that's worth more than having 10 ads. Okay.

Back in December of 2022 from like December 15th of 2022 up until today. Okay. For up until like January 15th, for example, we found a new winning ad for one of our accounts that we've been consistently spending anywhere from 10k a day to 15k a day in ad spend.

And we found one new winning ad. And this winning ad just took off strong to where for 30 days straight, Facebook only spent on that one ad. And it was crushing KPIs.

It was doing amazing. We spent 500k on this one ad within like 30 days. Okay.

Crazy. Okay. So, and it's done really well for the business.

Okay. That one ad made the business about $2.5 million in revenue. Okay.

So, just to go put that in another perspective, we've also prior to that always had about six winning ads that were consistently getting spend on. And if we notice, if we turn a lot of those winning ads off, because like maybe two or three were sort of performed badly, we turn those off, everything else starts to tank. Okay.

So, I would say to answer the questions, you know, you can start scaling the moment you have a winning ad. The moment you have an ad hitting all your KPIs, immediately start scaling. Okay.

There's no limit in that case right there. Okay. Of how many winning ads you need.

You don't need three to six ads to scale. As soon as you have an ad that's hitting your profitable margins or your target CPA that you need for the business, then start scaling your ads up. Okay.

Now, as you focus on longer term success with the business and a longer term consistency with the business, that's when we start finding. That's why we continue to find new winning ads throughout the period of time. We find new winning ads on different levels of market awareness.

We find new winning ads for different personas, new winning ads for different like angles in the product and that's it right there. So, where we have a lot of variety. And we typically see that in our top three to six ads that's getting the majority of spin.

They're all very different concepts. Okay. And this allows us to hit the market in different points.

Okay. But if you just have one ad with six iterations and that's all you have in those six iterations are all the top performing ads. Then usually what happens is that you struggle a bit because it's like those ads are doing a great job at solving one thing for the business in terms of like reaching those types of customers, but you're missing out on so many other people as well.

So that's just another thing to look at from that standpoint. So how many winning ads you need? I would say as soon as you have one winning ad, start scaling.

If you find one winning ad, there's no reason why you need to stop and stall. Just start scaling. Okay.

Now, the problem I see with a lot of media buyers that when they find a new winning ad, they start scaling and they call production off on new creatives. Okay. New creative production needs to be standardized process where every week three to six new creatives be introduced into the ad account.

Okay. And all of them should have very good hypothesis on testing something new or iterating on something new. That's going to have a high impact on performance.

Okay. If it doesn't have a high impact on performance, it doesn't have a really good hypothesis on improving performance in a high impact way. It's not worth your time.

Okay. So three to six new ads, you know, you can even go as high as 12 new ads a week. It should be introduced into the account every single week.

Just depends on spin. And how many winning ads do you need to scale? Literally one.

And then I would say max six. It's an ad case right there. Okay.

In our main winning ad set, if we have 12, 13, even 20 winning ads at once, we'll just keep pushing budget up. Because just because your ads is a winner at the stage you're at now, it does not mean your ads will be a winner at $1,000 today. So for example, if your ads are crushing at $100 today, those same ads might not be the ads that you'd go from $1,000 today to $10,000 today.

Okay. When we went from 5k a day to 15k a day for one of our accounts, we had completely different types of ad concepts. Okay.

That reached the, had a, you know, basically a wider appeal to where we had to literally go out there and start forming audiences by making, taking people from unaware to problem aware. We were maxed out about three to 5k a day in spin at problem aware messaging. So we had to go all the way up to unaware messaging to reach more people beyond that.

And that's how we got to 15k a day in spin. So how many winning ads do you need to start scaling? One.

That's it. One good ad starts scaling. Longer term consistency and increasing spend more.

Find new ad concepts that's also worth the accounts to where you can start spending more because your level of your ads, the quality of your ads in terms of how well they resonate with your audience and how well they convert people over into sales. That's going to dictate of how much you can spend inside of the Facebook ad account. So hope this is an unprecedented question guys.

No, it's another short video for you guys. If you liked it, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Theriault.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.