Hey, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys today.

I'm going to discuss how I've been testing my creative slash ads in the ads manager and actually show you guys a few examples to where you can actually can, you know, go ahead. Like here's exactly how to structure my ad account. So that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into the video. So like I said, I know I posted a video not too long ago where it's like my Facebook ad strategy for 2022 and we had chatted a little bit about it. And a lot of guys had asked for some visuals and also to a lot of questions when it comes around of how I'm testing my ads in the ads account.

So first off, let's just take a look at it. This is a campaign and this is inside of that campaign specifically. I'm showing you guys a Legion account that I'm running on right now, but I do the same thing for all my e-com out e-commerce accounts, app install accounts.

Like it's the same process. It's just leads versus purchases. That's it.

It's the exact same thing though. So, you know, you can utilize this for e-com as well. No difference.

So I run a creative testing campaign, ABO campaign for Legion. It's optimized for leads for e-commerce. It's optimized for purchases, yada, yada, yada.

Keep it simple. Okay. And then inside of there, I have what's called batches.

So batch one, this is just batch eight, nine, 10, and 11, just because I wanted to clearly some of our recent winners. And I want to clearly articulate to you guys how it looks in terms of testing a lot of creative and stuff like that. So each batch is composed of three ads.

And I'm going to show you that in a second of how I structure that together. So yeah, so you got your ad set, your campaign, then you go into your ad sets and you'll notice that they all say broad for the audience on particular targeting. And the reason why is because broad is currently the best performing audience for this account.

Now let's go, let's take a step back before you start creative testing. You need to understand what's your best performing audience. Okay.

I'm not looking at a best performing audience that worked for two days. The last two days had like a 10 extra S, but you spent $5 on it. I'm talking about a best performing audience that the last month, last two months, last three months has consistently delivered results for you.

And now it's starting to burn up because creative is failing in your account, essentially like that. You know, you got to re-update the creative. So let's test our best performing audience.

Okay. Also had a lot of people start to say they're testing broad now, but they're not even doing creative testing in a standardized process to the point where, you know, you're two variables right here. First time you ever use broad and first time you ever, you know, do creative testing.

So start off your creative testing with best performing audiences. I'm moving to broad now for all my accounts, but again, some ad accounts, it just has not been working the way that you think it would. So I pulled back and use my best performing audience.

Still, um, some accounts broads working amazing and crushing it. Okay. So understand whether or not it works for you first, then use your best performing audience.

If it's broad, broad, if it's purchase LLA 1%, purchase LLA 1%, it's engaged shoppers, use that audience to test creatives. Okay. So that's very important.

You understand that right there. And you'll notice these batches right here. Um, the target cost per lead is 35 or $35 or less for this particular accounts.

And our, I mean, look, you can see batch 11 totally sucked batch nine and batch eight. I mean, barely, I can't scale that because I need to spend nine, $10,000 a day and just spending $714 over lifetime to get $32 cost per lead. Just not there.

Um, now this particular one right here, $19 cost per lead, $11 in spin. Um, that's easily going to go up to probably about 34, $35 cost per lead at 10 K a day spin. But that's, that's, that's also another thing to note.

I'm looking for creative static creative testing. Look, if you have a breakeven ROAS of 2X and you're doing like 2.1 at creative testing level, you need a higher ROAS. Okay.

For, I generally like to look at stuff that really shines and, and performs incredibly at creative testing before I move it over to a scaling campaign, because you're essentially going to 10 X that budget, maybe 50 X that budget. And if it's not converting well at a low spin, it's sure as hell not going to convert it higher at a higher spin. And if it's barely converting and barely meeting KPIs at a low spin, when you amplify that it's going to say significantly, it's going to do less.

We always see performance drop as you scale. So imagine when you scale that. So you just have to put that, those principles in your head when you're looking at this.

Okay. Now let's go to an ad level and let's actually take a look at the specific ad sets. Okay.

What's inside of it. So I did a screenshot of batch 10 right here. You can see my ads and stuff like that on the left.

Um, just kind of hit it a little bit for privacy issues with, with this particular client. So let's take a look at the, the account, these ads at an ad level, because I do not make decisions for creative testing at a ad set level. I make it at a ad level specifically.

So that's also something too, you really have to understand there. Everything's made done at an ad level. When I'm doing creative testing, I'm not turning off, you know, like this ad set right here, it's $160 cost per lead.

I did not turn it off at the ad set level. I mean, it's turned off now because there was no ads running. I just did it for my own organizational purposes, but I turned off the ads first based off my rules, which I'll show you guys in a second.

So all my decisions done in an ad level at a unique ad level. Okay. So I'm focused on what this ad does.

I'm focused on what this ad does. I'm not focusing on this number at all. Okay.

So you want to load in one of four ads with a minimum of $5 per ad for the daily budget. So we'll go back over here. You see right here, look at the daily budget for this creative set, uh, for these ad sets.

Um, you want to do at least $5 per ad you put in there. So if you put four ads, you're going to do $20 a day budget. If you put two ads, we do a $10 a day budget.

Now you do not have to do that. That's just the lease. Okay.

Um, I'll do this account right now. I think we're doing, I think 50 to 60 bucks. And then we're scaling that up.

If it works by 20% a day before we move it into our scaling campaign. Now there needs to be a theme between all of these ads here. Okay.

Don't do a UGC video for one angle, a unboxing for another angle and a, and a carousel for some random angle. Okay. All ads that go in each of these batches should have either a new angle.

We're testing with three ad variations. So here's a new angle we're testing. And here's the three ad variations that can portray that and articulate that angles are our audience.

Okay. Or it's an old angle with three new ad variations. Okay.

We're going to take that angle. We can create three new iterations of it just so that way we can try to revive that angle. If it's starting to die off.

Okay. So very simple. So each one of these batches, either a new angle or an old angle, and then the creatives either or variations of the new stuff or variations of the old stuff, depending on what's classified that ad set.

You'll see right here, you have some cost per lead again, $34 is the cost per lead or $35 is the cost per lead kind of KPI specifically. And we're looking for something, you know, pretty low due to the amount that we got to spend on this particular account, but you know, that's really good right there. So once we actually go ahead and find winners, we'll essentially move it to our scaling campaign.

So here's our campaign. Here is our ads up. This was a screenshot from today.

So, you know, it's not lifetime or anything like that. You can even see the little thing right there. We have two ad sets in this particular campaign right now, a broad.

And it's actually is two, it's two broads. And that's just, we're testing the placements on, on it. One broad is all placements with new, with audience network.

And one is just manual with two placements selected. So that's why you don't see them all in here cost per lead. I think like for today right now, it's like 30 bucks again, we're looking for 35 or less.

So we're perfectly in our KPI margins. Okay. So all we do is copy, like literally you can hit command C on your keyboard with the ad selected and paste them into click on the ad set and paste it into ad set of the ads that worked well.

It's super simple, very easy. So paste them in, and then we just let it run. We let Facebook do its job.

Okay. May take a day or two before spend gets to it. That's okay.

Relax. Let Facebook do its job. So show you at the ad level specifically, this is the ad level in that scaling campaign.

And again, you can see we have a lot of ads active, but we also have a pretty big budget. And we're also two only targeting two audiences that are exactly the same. Just placements are different to test that theory right there.

Okay. So you can see how Facebook kind of filters out that budget across. It's always going to have one ad, one ad that primary focuses everything of your second and third, and then you'll start to see a small feed on the other ones.

That's okay. I'm a big believer that Facebook kind of cycles them all in front of people without even like, not necessarily retargeting in that sense, but just kind of like cycling out ads in front of people. Yeah.

It's a whole nother videos discuss, but your top of funnel campaigns is also retargeting campaigns. Let's just put in that perspective. So I like putting a lot of different variety and different angles in my main ad set, because it helps bring down that cost per lead or cost per purchase or cost per call booked, whatever, because it's giving people more variety to see.

So rules to follow. So what are the specific rules you need to follow while running this particular process? I've been running this process for over a year.

Okay. So this is nothing new. It's nothing.

I just pull up my ass last week, running over a year for a period of time. I was trying to do credit testing in a CBO campaign. I made a few videos on it.

It worked, but I don't know. I prefer this for the stability side of that. You know, let's say for example, if I have this CBO campaign with $7,200 in spin and Facebook decides to spend all of it on one ad set, and it's new and that suck.

I just blew a few thousand for my client's money. So I personally prefer this where I'm testing a lot of low stuff and I can also increase my testing. Um, and then have, I can just toss it into my main campaign specifically now rules to follow.

Okay. Obviously we talked about the ad set budget and you can spend more. We'll spend anywhere from $20 a day to a hundred dollars per day, per ad set.

Maybe we have a bigger budget over $10,000 a day. We might do like 200, $300 per ad set. Just kind of depends.

There's two things. I want the ads to run for at least three to four days. Um, and then also to, I want to, um, and this is from a creative testing standpoint.

I'll also want to spend a good bid on each one. And we're going to talk about that in a second. Okay.

Do not turn off ad sets and creative testing only ads, make all of your decisions in creative testing based off this performance. So if this ad sucks, I'm just going to simply turn it off. I can turn off the ad set.

I'm not going to turn off all of them. I'm going to turn off just that one particular ad, and then it's going to force spin to go to the other ones. Okay.

Do you guys understand that too? So what are the ad kill rules? Okay.

So we want to look at lifetime spin, and this is going to a creative testing campaign specifically, and inside of a creative testing campaign inside of a batch. Okay. Which is an ad set.

Okay. So let's say we're looking at, um, batch 10, we're inside of batch 10, which is this ad set batch 10. Here's the four creatives.

I'm putting the lifetime spin on our lifetime, a little date range. I think it's maximum now. And then I'm going through these.

Okay. Which creatives have spent at least one X AOV. So if my AOV is 90 bucks, which one has spent at least 90 bucks over lifetime and the robust is less than the goal.

So if my goal is a three extra robust and it's at a 2.3 cutting it. Okay. Be relentless with that.

Cut it. Because guess what? You can't scale that 2.3 one, you know, move into your scaling campaign and it's just going to like probably do like a 1.5 or 1.6.

Okay. So, and it's also going to make your goals. You have to kind of really adjust your goals to, for the perspective.

Okay. So turn it off. You can also do three extra CPA.

So if you're in Legion, maybe calls booked, or if you're booking calls, scheduling things, yada, yada, yada, something where it's not an AOV like e-com, then you can use CPA. So let's say for example, you have an AOV of 75 bucks and $75. And your ROAS is your ROAS goals of three and your CPA, you'll need to be $25.

One purchase is 25 bucks. What is 75 of you to get three extra ROAS? Okay.

Three extra CPA at that perspective is still 75 bucks. So you can either do three extra CPA or AOV up to you. I tell all my team members for e-com specifically AOV and then anything else it's CPA and very simple.

Okay. Turn it off. You can also ask yourself questions.

Why does creative fit work specifically? You know, is the CTR really bad? Is the CPC really bad?

CPM really high? Like ask yourself those questions. So that way, when you, you make like new creatives, you can filter in that feedback.

So that way, um, you know, essentially you can, uh, you know, make those adjustments and everything like that. So we don't keep repeating bad mistakes or you're saying mistakes over and over a bad performing creative now winning ads. What do you do when you have a winning app?

Like what do I do when I have this ad right here? That's like, you know, $25 cost per lead, $13 cost per lead. Like what do I do with these?

Well, I leave them on, I leave them on in creative testing campaign. And then also too, I kind of, I bump up that ad set by 20% a day, as long as, as long as the overall is good. So if we go back here, this batch 10, I've been starting to increase the budget in this ad set by 20% every day, as long as my cost per lead overall is good.

Now, Nick, well, why would you scale in a creative testing campaign? I'm just finding other areas to put spin. Okay.

That's it. And look, 20% a day. I think I start off at 60 bucks, $12 the first time 72, you know, more, it's gonna be like 14 and a half $15.

So it's little, little bits. I'm not trying to do a $7,000 a day campaign in there. I'm just simply just filtering in other places that Facebook can put some spin behind stuff.

Okay. Now, so I'm gonna leave those camp. I'm gonna leave those ads on.

I'm gonna increase the ad set budget a little bit. And then also too, I'm just gonna leave them on until they die until they start falling off the cliff, you know, just cause they've been on for a while. I'm gonna leave them off.

And you also see that how long you can run those in that creative testing campaign, because it's such a low budget. So next thing is I want to go ahead and copy those ads that work. So copy them from creative testing right here, copy those ads.

And I want to paste them in my scaling campaign. So that's another thing right there that we want to do. So again, it's only if they meet the spin requirements, spin requirements is one XAV or three XCPA.

So once they spend three extra CPA or one extra AOV maximum, and it's a good row ass, you want to leave them on and you want to copy them over to your scaling campaign. That's simple. So yeah.

So that's literally my process. It's very simple to articulate. And I hope this answers all of your questions.

I know I probably have a few people that's like, Oh, Nick, why don't you just do dynamic breakdown? Well, look, if you go look at my YouTube video on the ads, holding container and how I structure my stuff with like social proof and things like that. And that's another reason why I don't do dynamic breakdown or like dynamic ads.

I personally prefer this. I like seeing all the ads, like seeing all the data. Some people are claiming they can see data now with their dynamic ads.

I still cannot see data in my accounts for dynamic ads. When I do dynamic ads, I still cannot see this ad did this purchase, this ad did this purchase, yada, yada, yada. So I still like to have that little bit of level of control and creative testing side, and then just filter in all those winning stuff.

It's our main campaign and give Facebook a lot of options. So yeah, so this is how we've been running things for the last like year inside of our accounts, everything like that. If you want more of a further breakdown, definitely putting this in the course.

So let me know if you guys want that. But yeah, if you are an e-com business owner, and you don't want at least $50,000 a month with your business, and you need help with coming in, someone coming in and guiding your team in terms of like the strategy of what you need to create for creatives, how to properly run the account and everything like that, then click link below, book call for me and my team, and we'll get on there. We'll put a strategy together for you.

You'll have the option to run with it and execute that in your business. We've helped multiple brands now scale to seven, eight or seven figures and not eight figures yet. Don't have an eight figure brand yet, but helped a lot of brands scale to seven figures, made over $10 million in online revenue for the clients we have right now.

So if you need some help with that, then click link below, do all that. And then if you do want to work with us, if you don't want to just take the strategy and run, do want to work with us, you do have the option to, if you would like. So click the link below to book that call and hopefully that, you know, we get something locked in.

So yeah, if you enjoyed this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. My name is Nick Therrio. Hope you enjoyed this video.

Talk to you guys later. Peace.