yo what's going on guys welcome back to the channel my name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys today I'll be showing you a quick hack for e-commerce ad copy and how to go about writing some ad copy for your e-commerce ads this is probably one of the most in-depth videos I've ever done about ad copy and I'm really excited to share with you guys a few tips and tricks to level up your ad copy game with e-commerce ads so before we get started make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every other day just like this one that being said let's get started guys so ad copy is obviously super super important but to craft good ad copy step number one is to always make sure that it really fits your product it describes your product exactly how your ideal customer views it in their head so what they're saying to their self right now what they're currently talking about in their head the conversations that are having in their head the pain points features problems etc everything that's going on in your ideal customers head right now we need to basically call that out and pull people's desires into this product and one of the easiest ways to go through and create ad copy is by literally just looking at reviews and stuff and I'm gonna show that to you guys in a second so before we actually start doing and actually looking for ad copy by going through reviews and product pages and stuff like that which is an absolute amazing hack to get some really really really really really good ad copy that converts you need to understand the four buckets of ad copy that we're looking for so these four copywriting points right here is what you need to leverage inside of your ads so you need to understand what their desires are you need to understand what their pain points are you need to understand the benefits of your product and you understand the features of your product so desires is like for example I desire to make a bunch of money with my shopify store I desire to make a bunch of money with my shopify store so I can buy a lamborghini hurrican I desire to make a bunch of money with my Shopify store. So that way I never have to work a regular job again. So really look at the current desires in their head about, you know, like what did they desire right now?

Now don't like tie into their, your product and stuff. Just look at their current desires. Again, you want to, you want to funnel their desires right now into your product.

So for example, your current desire right now, since you're on this channel, you're probably doing somewhere between zero to 20K a month with your Shopify store. And you have a strong desire to grow it. Maybe to quit your job, you have a desire to grow your store.

So you can finally break away and quit your job. You have a desire to grow your store. So maybe you can hire the first employee and start automating.

So you can automate, you know, some of the stuff in your business and stuff like that. So you have these different levels of desires right now in your head that you desire. Now, again, I'm not tying that into this video or anything like that.

I'm just saying that these desires is what you probably have right now. Now the pain points you currently have is that your ads aren't converting. You can't figure out how to set up an ad account.

You know, maybe you're scaling ads and they break in as you scale. So some of these pain points right there, maybe roadblocks. Some people like to also call it is, you know, your ads right now.

That's your problem. Your ads, you have a pain point with your ads. You can't figure out how to scale it.

You can't do it alone. Maybe you don't have enough money to hire a coach or mentors. You're watching my videos instead.

Maybe you've been burned in the past. So at least some of the pain points you have right now around what's going on. So, and how do I know all this?

Well, because literally my channel is all about Facebook ads. I know my ideal audience. I know my customer persona and knowing that is key.

So that way you can really understand what's up with copyright. It's right now. Benefits.

You watch my videos. Your benefit is you're going to do better of ads. You'll convert more.

You'll make more. And, um, you know, if you can really get down to very specific benefits, that's really the best things. It's the benefits that really shine and stuff like, you know, like literally you could be a personal trainer and people buy your service because they desire to look good so they can get girls numbers at the beach.

Like, you know, go after the, the, the, like the actual desires. Don't be like, Oh, you know, you desire to look good. Like literally go after the really core desire.

You're sure your audience has, and it's be a lot more effective. So benefits to watch my videos, you do better with advertising, make more money and you, you know, you get to listen to my voice. That's an amazing benefit right there.

So features now features is the less sexy and that's why it's grayed out because it's not sexy at all to talk about the features. This is really, I love to highlight this example right here. When Apple and Samsung growing head to head, launching those new iPods and stuff like that, you know, Samsung, I think it was Samsung, they launched, you know, one of their iPods and it was like said, eight gigabytes of data or holds two gigabytes of songs.

That's cool. Yeah. But you know, there's nothing appealing to it.

Whereas Apple launched their iPod nano and what it was is it was a thousand songs in your pocket. So that's a benefit. They lead, they led with a benefit.

Whereas Samsung led with the feature and what one, which one do you think did the absolute best? So that's what the difference between a benefit and a feature is. So your features are your less sexy part, but it sometimes is very key depending on the type of product you're selling.

So for example, if you're selling a car to a soccer mom, she's just like, what's the benefits? Oh, it holds four of your kids in the back and you can make it, you have lots of room and all this stuff, like storage and stuff. Now, if you're selling it to a car guy like me and it's like, say sports car, I want to know the horsepower, which is a very detailed feet, you know, feature specific of it.

I'm going to know the zero 60 time. I want to know the quarter mile time. Like I want to know the very specifics.

So depending on who you're selling to, sometimes you need to lead with different features or benefits. So once you understand these four concepts, then you can really go ahead and start digging into actually writing ad copy and actually filling up these buckets right here with different key things about your product. So one of the easiest way to do it is just go and look at customer reviews.

Now, if your product does not have customer reviews, go ahead and find very, very, very, very similar products on Amazon, Walmart, Google, all that good stuff. So for example, we're looking to, you know, launch a laser hair product. Let's just say, for example, we're in the market right now, we're looking to launch a laser hair removal product, or we're, we're, we're working with a laser hair product and we want to launch something like that.

So let's just go to Google right here and I'm going to show you exactly what we're going to do. So let's just do laser hair removal. Let's say this is our product right here.

This Rose Skin Co. And we're going to start looking through right here. So reduce hair regrow from first time use.

So let's just assume that we don't have any of this beautiful ad copy. And we actually have to go through some of this right here. Look at reviews.

That's the best place to find really good ad copy. Cause you get to really see how your customer talks about your product. You get to see what benefits pain points, desires they have versus the ones you self impose on them.

So let's see probably because of the reviews. Now, one key thing, this is not sexy. This is not fun at all.

You have to go through a lot of reviews. You have to really spend your time researching and stuff. I'll spend anywhere from one hour to three hours doing this for products.

You can do reviews on the website. You can do similar product reviews, say on Amazon, different search engines and stuff. You can look at Reddit forms.

YouTube is an actually incredible place now to start learning about products, desires, and problems people have that fits around your product. And then also to the social media comments. So that's another really great place.

Cause that's gonna be a lot of questions people have before starting like the actual purchase process. So with this particular product right here, just some of the reviews and stuff, it's, you know, slowing down hair growth, it's growing back slower and let's see shave less. So we can go right here to add copy creation benefits.

And now with these types of benefits right here, we could also to do a lot of pain point out of this. Yeah. So another one, significant decrease in hair growth.

And that's also really cool right there. Cause they use a big word and it's just, it just adds a little bit more appealing to it. Instead of just saying a decrease in hair growth, significant decrease in hair growth.

So this person was skeptical and maybe even thought it was dangerous to do it themselves. So this is a great way we can actually flip this and be say something of how safely it is to use at home. Yeah.

So there's more comments about drastically reducing the thickness and lift my hair growth as well as the frequency desire. It could definitely be shaved less for this one right here because the desire to shave less. So they'll have more time or just girls, you know, desire to shave less because it's awkward in the shower.

Like it could be different things like that. So this is also a do it at home laser hair removal. So since it's not time consuming, then that's also another thing right here is they desire to do something quick.

And then this also might be a benefits as well. It could be a pain point right there as well. Let's see.

Tired of spending all day at the, uh, I don't really know what the laser, like where you'll get a laser hair removal treatment done at that's not at home, but I'm just, I'm gonna just call it the wax clinic. I don't really know. I don't really know what exactly place that does that, but there we go.

So this is actually really cool right here. They want to have, they hope to have hairless skin by the summer. So depending on when and where you're running this ad, this is definitely a desire right here.

So careless for the summer. Now, obviously if you're running this ad right now in like November and summer's not till April, May, then it's not really gonna make that much contextual sense. So maybe you can, it just depends on like when you're going to run that.

So, but yeah, so that's just a few key points right there. Uh, what I wanted to look at really, really, really quick, what I wanted to look at really quick is some of the, you know, maybe features. Um, obviously these people already kind of like did all of their good stuff, but let's just say, so like, look, I mean, literally some of the ad copy and stuff that I've put together, we're already getting, you know, back right here.

So now for this one right here, I don't really know. Um, I would say if like for the features for this one right here is literally just like, let's just say battery life is, it's not much features in this one. There's a lot of benefits, but I would say battery life, maybe form factor.

So like, like I said, literally like not sexy stuff. And a lot of people that would run ads and stuff is they would go after some of those features like that new laser hair removal lasts five hours, do it yourself. at home.

Like if you leave with that, it's not appealing at all. So, so I really hope this kind of helped you guys with finding maybe some new ways to look at ad copy, uh, between understanding these four key points with ad copy and few, four like buckets to fill up, uh, you know, your desires, your benefits, your pain points, and your features, fill these up. And then what you can do is you can start manipulating them together, putting them together and actually writing some paragraphs together for your ads.

So really hope this helps with you guys. And like I said, it's just a quick little trick, look at reviews and stuff on your main product page. Look at your comments and your Facebook posts, your Facebook ads, all that good stuff right there.

And if you don't have any of that information, go on Amazon, find similar products, go on Google, find similar products, look at their reviews, because again, you're not trying to steal their reviews. You're trying to steal, not really steal, but you're trying to mimic and see exactly what your customers and your ideal customers are actually facing right now. So that way you can better tailor your ads around this.

So if you guys enjoyed this video, if you are an e-com business owner and you're looking to scale your business, uh, and you're spending at least a thousand dollars a day in paid advertising, make sure you click the link below for book as a call with us. We've helped multiple businesses now scale past six figures a month. And we love to help on our call to really navigate with you exactly what steps and actions you need to take to continue to grow your business.

So click the link below and schedule a time that works best with you. If you enjoyed this video, make sure to like button. And if you're new to the channel, make sure that subscribe button for new videos every other day, just like this one.

Well guys, about that time. My name is Nick Terrio and hope you enjoyed this video. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace.