How we did $5 million in 30 days with Facebook ads. Yes, it's $5 million over 30 days back in October, 2023. This is full transparency, our clients as well.

So this wasn't us personally that did $5 million, but these are all client accounts that we ran ads for. Now, just to give you the proof, and I'll be going over a few things, like what specifically we did. And I'm gonna try to give you guys a new approach because I know you guys already know like broad targeting, creative testing.

So I'm gonna try to give you kind of like a different twist to it. So just a couple of the accounts. This is like 400K for a supplement brand.

This is 835K for a wall art brand right here. $234,000 for a medical product. 1.8 million for a clothing brand.

And then this is basically like an insurance product. We spent $381,000 to acquire about 9,100 leads. And that's about a 5X return on that cost per lead right there.

So we did a little around $2 million right there. So add it all up. Comes out about $5 million.

And we also have like 10 other clients as well that just don't talk about. And those are kind of like entry level, baby level clients, like in the 50 to 100K range that we're scaling up to some of these massive clients you guys see right here. And yeah, so that's like a dollar, like a million dollars on top of that right there.

So, but yeah. So the key things that allow us to do this, and like I said, I'm gonna try to give you guys a slightly different twist. So I will chat about something really quick though.

So that's structure, focus, and I can say like discipline too. So structure side comes down to the ad accounts and the creatives. That's like our biggest things right there.

So ad accounts, you know, we kept it at single campaign structure. We kept it just testing new DCTs, which is dynamic creative testing. If you go over my YouTube channel and just search up like dynamic ads and broad targeting, I have plenty of videos on that.

And yeah, so we just continued to do, kept the same ad account structure of all across all of these clients. All of these clients are running one campaign. One client still like 1.8 million or running like 12 campaigns, but it's one campaign per country.

So we're still doing like one campaign structure. It just, when you start adding more countries into it, that's where it starts to like, you know, differentiate a little bit more than like the others. So, and we kept the same ad account structure across everything.

So that allowed us to have better focus and it didn't, we never kind of went through that process of, oh, do we need to change the ad account structure? Do we need to go ahead and test ABO? Do we need to go ahead and test bid caps?

We didn't let any of that bullshit you see online interfere with our mindset because that's one of the biggest things that slows you down is when you keep testing new ad account structures. Oh, next one, CBO broad targeting. Oh, this person's doing ABO bid caps.

This person is doing ABO cost caps. This person's duplicating a campaign. When you keep testing all of this, it's just more noise you're making.

The ad account structure is responsible for 10% of your performance. So why do you focus so much time on it? That's the mistake a lot of people make.

So we just keep the same ad account structure for everything. Lead generation, app installs, high ticket, low ticket. It's the same ad account structure for everything.

We do broad targeting for everything. Oh, Nick, I started a brand new ad account with $0 shouldn't spend. Broad targeting.

Nick, I sell a $2,500 B2B product. Broad targeting. Nick, I sell the baby niche, a small niche, which number one is not a small niche at all.

Broad targeting. Nick, I do this and this. Ad account structure, one campaign, test new dynamic creative tests.

That's it. All right, we keep the same structure. Again, like one campaign, dynamic creative tests, testing new ads.

This is just simply how to use the hammer. That's it. So we're not gonna change up how we use the hammer depending on what we're building.

There's only so many ways you can build a hammer and nail. And from what I've seen, it's like 90% the same. You know, hold the hammer at the end, bam, bam, bam.

That's how you hammer a nail. Problem with you guys is, is you guys are confusing the fact that the way I hammer a nail dictates the house I'm building. That's what you guys think.

If I hammered a nail like this, it's gonna build a two-story house. But if I hammer a nail like this, it's gonna build a single story. Or if I hammer a nail like this, it's gonna have this type of architecture in it.

And if I hammer a nail like this, it's gonna have this type of lawn in the front yard. No, not at all. You hammer a nail creates nothing.

It's just a part of the, it's just how you use the tool. Another great example. If you go and you drive a car and you end up at the totally wrong location.

You get in your car, you drive, maybe you're trying to go to McDonald's, McAdese. You go to McDonald's and you end up at Chipotle. Do you get mad at the car or do you get mad at yourself for going to the wrong place?

Like imagine getting to McDonald's when you meant to go to Chipotle and you're like, oh, I gotta throw the whole car away. The car's broken. That's the same thing with the ad account structure.

Oh, the ads didn't work. Let's throw away the car. No, all you gotta do is enter in the right directions to get there.

And the right directions is the ads. And that's what I just, I'm trying to get in you guys' heads, you know? I've been running this shit since 2015.

I've been running ads since 2015. I spent from 2015 to 2021 before I realized this. I spent six years wasting my time, spinning my wheels and getting nowhere.

And then I finally figured it out and that's all I focus on. And then now, boom, I've done $100 million in revenue between 2021 and 2023. And I spent the first five years doing nothing, spinning my wheels with $1,000 a month, $3,000 a month of the ad budget.

And that's why I'm trying to get into you guys' heads. Stop listening to all this other bullshit you see online. You just have to focus and stay consistent to your structure.

So the next process is our creative creation process. So, you know, we have a fairly consistent way of creating creatives because, you know, if you're creating creatives wrongfully, you know, we see this a lot like with our creative team, at least when I first built a creative team, was that we began building the creative team and it got to the point where we would go down these just craziest stuff. You know, we were creating the wrong types of ads, nothing was lining up and stuff like that.

So we have a pretty simple, straightforward process. Number one, we're a huge fan of breakthrough advertising. We follow that process for how we create all of our ads.

I'm a huge fan of copywriting. I take the same copywriting fundamentals and apply that to ad creation because the creative itself is copywriting fundamentals. It's just in a visual.

That's all it is. So I read a lot of copywriting books. That's how I become a great marketer.

So that's one thing. And then the actual process itself, well, we're doing three creatives for each concept and ad concept is an idea. Maybe I have an idea to film a testimonial video.

Maybe I have the idea to create a video with the hook, how to win friends and influence people. Maybe I have an idea to film a YouTube video called how to create new winning Facebook ads. These are all different ideas.

And I visually articulate them through a video or a photo on Facebook. And I'm creating three versions of each. So we have three different tests.

Now that's the first thing. And I just keep doing, I keep getting different ideas and I get these ideas through research, customer reviews, customer testimonials, other competitors, Facebook ads, other competitors, like reviews. Me, like for example, if I desire to make more money, I'll go on YouTube and search how to make more money.

And I see everyone competing for attention and now I can figure out what I need to do. So I have a simple ad creation process. We follow every week.

We introduce anywhere from one to two new DCTs a week. Now, if our account's crushing it and hitting all the goals, we just don't do anything because it already has the winning ads. We don't need to introduce new ads if it's already crushing.

So we keep all this streamlined. You know, our strategist has the idea. Copywriter creates the ad, creates the plans for the video or photo, whatever we're scripting for, sends it over to our visual creator.

Visual creator creates three versions, either three photos or three videos, depending on what the plans is. And then we upload that in the ad account in our DCT. Each one of these were different ad ideas.

265, 250, 261, 269. This might've been a testimonial video with the hook, you know, how to win friends and influence people. This might be a testimonial video with the hook on how to get shredded for the summer.

This might be a, you know, us versus them style ad. This might've been a unboxing ad. Just giving you different examples.

Now, the next one is focus. I see so many of you guys lack this. Focus and discipline.

And it's gonna go back about, kind of what I mentioned already. We do not get distracted by the actions of others. You know, got a lot of really great success of students in my, you know, my group.

And, you know, $600 per month, I review your ads and everything like that. I mentor you and help you scale up. And all of my students, that's crushing it right now.

You know, we have this one particular student that went from 6K a month to 5K a day in revenue. And, you know, he said the biggest thing that was like helpful for him was to stop focusing on ABO, CBO, and all that, and just focus on building that right ads. And look, you're gonna test a lot of ads.

You know, I've tested 23 ads, 23 ad concepts. That's about 69 new creatives for an ad account. Not a single one took off until like the 23rd ad concept.

So we tested about, what, 66 creatives with no success before finally on the 23rd batch. It took us from 5K a day to $30,000 a day. So we stayed resilient.

We stayed disciplined with our actions that we knew would scale this account. We didn't get distracted. Oh, hey, we tested three ads, it didn't work.

I need to go test bid caps. I need to go test cost caps. Or, you know, maybe this testing creative thing doesn't work.

I need to go do something else. I need to go set up a traffic campaign. Maybe Facebook ads doesn't work for me.

I need to go do TikTok now. Like, what? We stay true to what we know works, and we continue to repeat successful actions that make our clients money.

And every time we repeat this successful action and it works, it gives me the confidence that I have on this camera. You know, for example, if I didn't repeat any of this myself, and I tried doing this a couple years ago, like, I'd be terrible at it. Because the confidence you see is based off me repeating these actions and continuously making our clients more money.

All right? That's how I can talk about these things like this. You know, I get people all the time.

And like, they're trying to tell me something. I just kind of laugh at them. And seriously, not because I joke about them or anything like that.

I just, I laugh at what they told me because I'm like, that's terribly not correct at all. You know, that's terrible news. You know, someone today, a student come up to me and said, hey, look, one of my friends told me I need to go do an initiate checkout campaign, then a video views campaign, then a purchase campaign.

I can't optimize for purchases day one. I'm laughing at them. I'm like, dude, send me that money because I can better use that money.

You know, just send it to me. It's better use. You know, I know for a fact that you can start with purchases on a brand new ad account because I've done it so many times and it's worked so well for me.

You know, I know for a fact that when you're in a performance slump, then you need to find new winning ads or you need a different product because your product is maybe seasonal, for example. And that's just through experience. That's why we can stay focused and we can stay disciplined to the actions that we take.

We know that if the performance is bad and we go start testing new ad ideas and we find a new winning ad, it's going to pick everything up and everything will be fine again. We also know that if we sit down and fuck off and try these random things all the time, it's going to get worse. If we sit down and just sit there, oh, everyone's performance is bad.

It gets worse. You know, I think the only exception I have for everyone else's performance is bad is January. And, you know, from like October 15th to November 20th.

That's the only two times in the year that I'm like performance is terrible. And that's just because that's a macro thing of consumers. So we stay focused to our actions.

You know, we did $5 million last month. That's why I clicked on this video. And, you know, a lot of that was mental.

This is kind of more the mental aspect right here. And a lot of people just don't see that. You know, they see ABO or they see CBO.

They see scale by this. They see this, but they don't see the mental side. And that's what I was hoping I was able to articulate to you guys.

So if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And yeah, if you're willing to run your ads or, you know, if you want me to mentor you and you want to check out the mentorship program, links below for both of those. And I appreciate you guys for hopping on this video.

Y'all take care. Have a good one. Peace out.