How to become a better Facebook advertiser and drastically improve your performance and your success with Facebook ads. What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel.

My name is Nick Sario. Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. I'm just going to be kind of digging into some of the mental philosophies I follow that has completely transformed my trajectory with Facebook ads, TikTok ads, marketing, just overall advertising fundamentals and improving my chances of success with just in life and with Facebook ads in general.

So before we get started, if you're new to the channel, uh, running Facebook ads agency, spend roughly seven figures a month on Facebook ads. We help brands go from roughly 50 to a hundred K a month, all the way to seven figures a month in revenue. So if you're curious about what we do and how we help businesses, click, click below, book a free strategy call with me, my team, hop on a call together.

We'll go over your account, review your performance, put a strategy session, uh, for you together. You can take and run with it, or you have the opportunity to work with us if you choose. Now, with that being said, before we get started in a video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into today's video.

So I really, I've had a lot of, you know, growth over the years with like Facebook ads, Shopify, success with clients and things like that. And everything that you guys see is a direct correlation to the habits I've built over the years that has transformed my trajectory and improving my odds of success with Facebook ads. Okay.

And what you see is just the visible side. And these are all outcomes of me holding to solid habits every day. And to further go back into this, um, you know, I have a few laws of success, you know, perspective right there.

And this year, uh, just to give you guys a personal story this year, in January, 2022, I picked up boxing and you know, I want to do a amateur fight. Okay. And never done it before.

Anything like that, just something new. Just want to challenge myself mentally, physically, and yeah. And starting this year, it really allowed me to go back to the laws of success that I've always, you know, preached live by.

And it also shows me the laws of success of when executed on, they do work. Okay. First things first is a, you know, something I want to get into instead of me just sitting there, which in watching YouTube videos on it and how to do it, which I did for a short period of time, I found a mentor, a coach.

And so I work with them and it drastically improved my performance. Okay. On a day to day basis.

Second thing I've done is, and granted, not, not, not saying at all that I'm successful in boxing at all. I'm still very, very far away, but I've transformed my before state and after state where I look at where I was before I started doing this. And after I've, you know, big difference, not where I want to be, but big difference.

Okay. And these same laws can be applied anywhere. This was just a reminder to me that when these laws are applied, they can be executed on any areas of life and have a success.

Okay. So a is just speed up your learning curve. You know, you can use free content on YouTube, free, you know, pay for books, pay for mentors, masterminds, things like that.

The more you invest, the quicker that you exceed that learning curve. So let's say, for example, it might take you 10 years to master something by just watching content on YouTube for free. And the other extreme might be paying a coach a hundred thousand dollars, you know, one of the top copywriters in the world to work with you for a year and you have, you know, you achieve success in a year.

Okay. Again, the amount you invest into certain education types drastically speeds up your, uh, your curve of success. Okay.

So it's still possible to be successful just by watching a free concert on YouTube like this. But if you want to drastically prove that work with a coach, work for mentor, work with someone that's on a closer scale, and that's going to drastically speed up that process. That's why I got a coach.

Okay. Second thing is that successful people, you know, athletes, advertisers, anything like that, they're constantly reviewing their game footage. Okay.

So every time I go like, you know, do boxing and stuff, I'm always reviewing my footage from that session to see, okay, Hey, you know, when I'll start my hooks, you know, like a problem with me right now, I'm throwing my hooks is that I'm not raising my elbow high enough. Okay. I'm going low like this.

So that gives me feedback on day-to-day things that I need to do to be able to improve my overall odds of success by throwing a better hook. Okay. So going back to success, Facebook ads, how often are you reviewing your footage?

How often are you going back and reviewing last week's ads and seeing, okay, Hey, why did we run this ad? You know, why did this ad work? Why did this ad didn't?

What can we approve about that ad? What's one takeaway from this ad and constantly doing this on a day-to-day basis is going to drastically improve your success rate because you're constantly reviewing your game footage. You're constantly identifying areas of opportunity that you need to improve on.

Okay. So number one, find a mentor, find a coach. Number two, find a, you know, review game footage, consistently review your game footage.

Okay. So that's two things right there. That's two things that's going to drastically improve your day-to-day action rate of which is going to improve your odds of success.

Okay. And honestly, those are the main two things right there. You know, I could say three, but really three is just showing up every day is being dedicated.

Okay. You know, if I, if I, um, you know, let's say for example, want to be a pro level boxer, they train every day. They use a coach every day.

They review their game footage every day. Obviously for me, that's not something I wanted to go into just because, you know, I love what I do now. This is more just a side hobby.

I want to do now, Facebook ads. I do do that every day. I review my game footage every day.

I work with mentors every day and I show up every day. If you do those, those three things right there, you will be successful with Facebook ads. Okay.

Not a guarantee, but you're going to beat 99% of the competition. And what I recommend doing for you and what I do for my team as well is I've been instilling this into their brain by making them repeat these actions on a day-to-day basis. And I have a Google sheet set up where I have 30 minutes every day that they're required to learn.

That's 30 minutes every day of education around creating better Facebook ads. Okay. So like right now I have my team reading breakthrough advertising.

I'm also rereading it with them as well. And every day, my whole team spending 30 minutes a day, reading breakthrough advertising, also quiz them, also make them do a book report, all that type of stuff right there, because I have high belief in that book and high belief that that books will make us more money because it has made me a lot of money since reading it. Second thing is I do every day is I make them spend 30 minutes every single day reviewing their game footage, reviewing yesterday's ads or reviewing last week's ads.

What worked? What didn't? Why did it work?

Why not take an ad, spend 30 minutes a day, breaking it down. When you repeat these actions on a day-to-day basis and you show up every day, you're going to immediately compound, you know, you won't see a really direct performance impact the first week or two. But it's going to be a compounding effect, you know, exponential growth that's going to shoot through the roof.

So when you're struggling with Facebook ads and when you're struggling with performance, I actually not necessarily, you know, what are you doing day-to-day to fix that is what's your education look like? What is your reviewing your game footage look like? Because a lot of you guys aren't doing that.

And that will create a massive impact in your performance and a massive impact of your, you know, success potential. And you can apply this to any area of your life. Okay.

So there are a lot areas of my life that I've applied these same concepts that I've had a lot of success with this year by simply applying this three-step structure. So that's it guys. Just a quick little video.

I wanted to touch on this really quick and hope this helps you guys out. Make sure you drop a like below, drop a comment below with anything key about this that you really loved. And yeah, make sure to subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Again, my name is Nick Therrio. I'm running a Facebook ads agency. If you're curious about anything we do for our Facebook ads, clients, and stuff like that, click the link below, book your free strategy call.

And with that being said, thank you all for watching. Peace out. Take care.