Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we're going to be discussing the new Lamborghini Huracan Technica commercial because I get a lot of questions. Nick, I run a high ticket, you know, econ brand where I sell hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of jewelry and watches and, you know, things that are not problem based.

It's things that are more lifestyle approached and the new Technica commercial did an absolute blast or amazing job at essentially showcasing a lifestyle. Who's this person is and stuff like that. And I don't know, it was just a really great video.

I want to review it you guys because I get a lot of questions about, you know, more lifestyle approach products and how to articulate that to people through advertising. So with that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, and let's dive into it. So with just watch this commercial first, if you haven't watched it yet and want to watch it sound, I highly recommend, but just again, suppose on Lamborghini Huracan Technica, take also strive.

So that being said, go ahead and hit play. So with that there's something and yeah. Yeah, and I think that the interest in the family.

So with this movie might be still being said, I was going to have nothing to watch it happen better. Yeah. I was going to have the right is that I like to hear something and then back up with that.

Yeah, I like that. And you have to go toöll obstough, I was going to have nothing in mind. Thank you.

Thank you. You're selling a lifestyle. You're selling recognition.

You're selling social status. And this ad right here, there was an ad that was written, I want to say it was by either Eugene Swartz or another copywriter. And it was really, really successful where it was like, you know, to the person who settled for nothing less than like the presidency of his firm, they're basically selling social status.

They're selling people who are very driven, motivated, things like that. So let's just go through this right here. And just kind of like show you guys further more of like all the different psychological points.

So first off, it starts off with a how would I how would I describe him? So first off, they they probably know that their customer base is mostly guys. Okay.

How would I describe her or things like that? So how would I describe him? And start showing off.

And it's basically talking about key characteristics of his personality. And you're going to see like these are characteristics. There's not like he's shy, he's athletic or like whatever.

Like these are specific characteristics that, you know, that's recognized within people like entrepreneurs who have that kind of like ball their lifestyle in that sense right there. Okay. So like this is like basically like the definition of like, well, I'd say like a 50 shades of gray type of person that are reaching out to.

So he just starts driving characteristics, but you can also see that they're starting to introduce the product as well. Okay. So as someone who wants to buy a or will buy a Lamborghini one day, I'm looking at it from this perspective of, okay, they're describing their purse, perfect person, but they're also to showcasing someone that I want to be like in that sense right there.

Okay. So I would love to be like this person. So you get to look at it, like, you know, they're showing cool stuff again, you know, parasol and things like that.

Um, different lifestyle. Like, you know, it's not a girl in a back pool, like at her house that's sitting there and being like upper units and like, you know, some cheap clothes. It's definitely like a nice resort.

Um, she looks very elegant, things like that. So looking at it from that perspective right there. Okay.

Um, it's also showing like elegancy is showing off like, you know, all the suits and everything like that. It's also showing his good lover. So there's a lot of like high value traits that are being showcased into this.

And you can see, like the Lamborghini is part of his lifestyle. It's not him. It's not his personality.

It's just part of his lifestyle, part of everything he does. And again, okay. So looking at this, go back right here.

So going to the tracks and stuff like that. Again, average person is not going to the track in their high, high on day, a lot. Okay.

They're showcasing more stuff of high value stuff. So it's events, wine, cocktail parties, things like that. Look at the, again, look at the setting.

It's not, you know, a Chili's it's up high value area. Identifying. He likes venturous, likes to party.

He's great with women. Like all of these key things right here that are being showcased. More of the venture side.

Music tastes, yada, yada, yada. The house they used. Let's see.

I don't know if it shows you. All right. Well, the house they used right here.

Basically, it was like a nice house. But all right. Going back to this showcasing.

That he has a custom tailor. Leather jacket. And there's a lot of British people that have like leather jackets.

So guess why? Showcasing two different sides of him. Cool.

Further showing off the car and everything. Drives the Lambo. Yada, yada, yada.

So this is where like they further set. They've identified that who that person is. And people either going to recognize this.

Be like, that's me. Or people are going to be like, that's a person I want to become. I want to be like that.

And he drives the Lambo. So now I'm compartmentalizing that lifestyle with the fact that I drive that car. Okay.

So. Takeaways from this. Is.

I see a lot of you guys who are selling high ticket stuff. Like, you know, they're selling like a $300 pair of jeans. Okay.

Let's just say for that example right there. And you're taking photos of it, which are iPhone 4. And the back of like some very like like a trailer essentially.

And you're like 300 bucks. Like that's not articulating to be the lifestyle you can achieve of a higher ticket product. Like a higher ticket product.

Like especially like a luxury lifestyle product. You've got to even spend more on the production of it. Because it has to look high quality, high level, high elegancy to attract the right type of people to purchase from you.

Okay. So that's really big right there. So really pay attention to the locations.

Maybe not the straightforward of like the problem solve agitate side. But more of just the fact of locations. The things that are being like the things that are being displayed in here in terms of like all the things they do.

Describing that person. Showcasing the car at key points right there to again compartmentalize. They're trying to compartmentalize and attach these two identities together.

The Lambo and this lifestyle. They're trying to attach it together in your mind. So now it's like fuck.

I want a Lambo. Now granted they also are Lamborghini. So they're also very well known.

So like, you know, you also have to keep that in mind too as well. So all of this of how they've been able to identify this person so well is through audience research. So that's why like above creating ads, I put as a high leverage action is just audience research.

Knowing your audience really well and everything they do. The lifestyle they want to live. The lifestyle they are living.

Things like that. And how do we sell to them is by portraying that in the ads. Okay.

Also another key thing I love about this ad is that they never show the guy's face. Like not once. They just kind of show like back shots.

Maybe just a side shot right here. And the reason they do that is to allow yourself to basically start to visualize yourself as that person. So that's a big one right there.

But yeah. So I guess major key takeaways from this right here is if you're selling a lifestyle. So this is probably going to be more expensive clothing, expensive cars.

Travel in a way can be that. Anything that just adds to a lifestyle that's not necessarily up. They have a problem.

I solve it. But more of just like a Lamborghini does not solve any problems. It's just it's a luxury.

So any luxurious products are going to fit really well with this. Okay. Run an ad.

Make sure the location is in areas that that person either wants to be in or is already in. So again, they're already living a baller lifestyle, then the person's watching this is already fat. But the person that's a computer nerd making a million dollars muffins about the bottom of the beginning.

He sees this. He's like awakening, like once you go purchase it, like obviously like that's going to appeal to him in a different way. Okay.

So you got to look at it from those two perspectives right there. So focus on that. Just the locations, the people that are in it, the way the people are dressed, the production in terms of the camera being used.

Is it iPhone 4 or is it might be just like a 4K camera? Some good color grading, good directoring and all that stuff like that. That directory, that's not the right word.

A good director on board. So look at it all from that perspective. And that's going to drastically help you out with your ads on that side.

And then how do you position the product? So like this particular ad right here is calling out that person. But you can also do is do a lot of photography.

Like basically Lambo can basically go ahead and like have this, like every one of these scenes have a photo with the guy with the car doing those cool things. And that's going to call that out, that lifestyle. It's also have this full video.

They could probably run this video in a few different ways in terms of like re-editing it and stuff like that. No, you know, just some cool music and stuff. Then you have this talking one right here.

And I'm sure it's probably another one you can even do in that sense right there. So look at it from that perspective. If you're selling a lifestyle.

So what is the lifestyle you're articulating to people? You know, again, you got to take your product and position it in the lifestyle they want to live. How are you positioning that?

So, you know, a lot of people like, oh, you know, like I have a hundred dollar, two hundred dollar watch and I want to buy a Rolex. But what is the lifestyle I get for Rolex? You know, I immediately compartmentalize that with traveling, going to do fun stuff, hang out for richer, richer group of people.

The connections on me, things like that. So like that's also another thing to look at. You're selling a lifestyle.

So your content, your ads need to reflect that. You need to be your ad copy needs to be talking from a sophisticated point of view. You know, if you have a ton of emojis in it, that's not really like like a lot of rich people, big wealthy people.

They don't really use a lot of emojis, you know, kind of chart straight to the point. So like how is your copy like what's the how sophisticated your ad copy look? Does it look like a five year old is writing it?

Which in general terms, I'd copy you want to do that. But when you're selling some sophisticated audience, you might need to use a little bit more sophisticated verbiage in there to also help with your, you know, ads performing and stuff like that. Your location, all that good stuff.

So, yeah, hopefully you'll take some value from this. I just absolutely in love with this and I really want to showcase it with you guys and I hope you all enjoyed it. So thank you guys so much for watching this video, this little ad breakdown.

If you're looking to work with an ad agency that manages a little over a little under a million dollars a month right now in ad spend, crushing it for our clients. If you're making at least $50,000 per month, then click the link below to book all of me and my team. We'll do a strategy together with you.

Take that strategy and run with it or you have the option to work with us. Now, if you are doing less than 50K a month and you still want some help, keep watching YouTube videos or I will have a course soon that will be dropping. That's basically all around how to be a great marketer and how to basically engineer something like this.

So make sure you like this video. Comment below what your favorite part from this particular ad is. And, yeah, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.