If you want to win with Facebook ads in 2024, you have two options. Option number one, you can continue going down the same path you've been going. Maybe that's watching my YouTube content, maybe watching a few other gurus' content, and just kind of applying things based off what you see online, and hopefully something sticks.

Or you can find someone who's been there before and has gone through all of what I call the dummy tax of testing and doing trial and error to figure out what works. And depending on these choices you make, completely transform how your November of 2024 will look a whole year from today. The choice is yours.

And today, I simply want to help you and give you an opportunity to help you transform your year 2024 and help put you in the right path to being able to scale your brand. I want to welcome you guys to the inner circle. We have $600 per month mentorship, and I'll be going over to all of the specifics.

But I want to showcase how much it is at the beginning because I value your time. And I will be increasing this to $750 per month, Tuesday, November 28th of 2023. The reason why I'm doing this is because we've been at $600 a month now for a whole year, and I've grown the membership quite substantially in terms of members.

And as we continue to grow, I will be raising the price to allow me to keep up the quality and just my personal efforts, making sure my students get the best results. Now, if you don't know who I am, maybe you just stumbled upon this video and just stumbled upon this channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

I've done $100 million in revenue with Facebook ads specifically for my clients. And I've scaled multiple brands to multi seven figures per month with Facebook ads. So it's a couple of our clients.

Here's a men's clothing brand. We've been able to help and scale them to a little over a million dollars a month. In fact, actually, since this case study, they're doing close to $3 to $4 million a month now.

This is a ambulance insurance client. So this is actually outside of the e-com space. But just to show you that, hey, we get results across a variety of niches.

And I show you this exactly in the mentorship. Here's a mushroom brand that we've actually scaled to doing about 400K a month now in current November 2023. And we've came on to this brand when they're doing $10,000 per month.

So that's almost a 40X multiplier. Starts off with an intermediate to advanced Facebook ads course. Just the advanced marketing fundamentals part.

This is the whole breakthrough advertising book sitting right here. Literally going step by step of how to apply every single principle from that book. How to perform market research.

Me actually going and showing you how I do market research. How I gather all that. Put that in a spreadsheet to actually be able to take advantage on that.

How to create ads to convert. So basically taking all of that information and actually put it together into an ad that you can create. How to film content for ads.

How I basically gather content from a variety of different sources. Active ad account setup. So people are already running ads.

Here's what I recommend for them to like how to set up their ad accounts. And then for a brand new ad account as well for people just launching, what's the best recommendation for that? Next one is ad account management.

So just like the day to day, when to increase budget, when to turn off a Facebook ad, all of those things around just the ad account management side. Next one is ad concept management. So as you create new ads on a weekly basis, what are some different kind of strategic ways to create those ads to improve performance?

The ad vault. This is just like pretty much a whole vault of case studies that I'm actively updating as I grow this portion of the course where I'm just showing you literally, here's the ad we created. Here's how we create it.

Here's the results I provide it. And then operations. This is more on the system side of growing your business, strategic partnerships, how to hire people, how to systemize your business more from a systematic perspective right there.

So far, we have about 109 lessons inside of this course. And this is just one of the many things you get inside of the inner circle mentorship. And by the way, here's just some of the students that just absolutely love it.

You know, again, you get all of that within your, just your first month. So again, you can cancel anytime you can join for one month and literally cancel at the end of the month and just pay 600 bucks and get access to all of that. Now, next thing you get is you also get a one-time 30 minute call with me per month.

So, so one-on-one call me and you hop on a call together, typically charge a thousand dollars an hour. So literally just call is like $500 just for this one call right here. And this is where it's just me and you.

And I can actively guide you and actively mentor you based off your current kind of situation. Maybe you want to go a little bit more depth, a little bit more personal. You know, you can't do it in front of a group.

This is a great place for you right here. This is Mike right here. What a G.

We just had a call the other day. And I mean, he was blown away from just that 30 minute call. He's been membership for a little while.

He said literally just that one call, you know, surpassed the three months he's already been in for the course. You also get a weekly 90 minute call with me. So once a week, I do a 90 minute call every Friday at 1 p.m.

central time. It's a 90 minute call. We usually start off in about 10 to 15 minutes of just when students just kind of talking and like sharing some wins they had during the week.

Then I jump into about a 30 minute lesson where I teach you guys a live lesson. Maybe it's a case study. For example, at the time of recording this video, the case study I'm dropping this week is how we made a client $750,000 in two days.

So that's me a pretty cool one. But yeah, it's a weekly live call. We do a case study.

We do some wins, a case study or a lesson. And then from there, I do a Q&A as a group. So you can share your screen, get some ads reviewed with the group, come to the group just with different questions and problems, stuff like that, that we can actively kind of work through together as a group.

You also get all of the call recordings inside of the Telegram chat that you also get access to. This Telegram chat right here is purely just like a, you know, pretty much like a text message group with everyone in it. You can ask questions.

You can toss ads in there for review. So if you can't make the calls, you can still access the chat. And, you know, you can see replays, all of those good stuff.

You're also networking. Just like anytime you need anything, you know, there's a lot of different people in this group. I'd say probably 80% of them are Shopify store owners.

We have some ballers in there. A couple of people doing four or 500K a month with their Shopify store. So really great place for just connections.

You know, maybe getting like a stutter date. They had someone looking for some fulfillment centers and people were able to connect with each other to help out with getting a fulfillment center set up for their Shopify store. Just random things around just being in that community of people that is essentially, you know, in the same space as you and can help each other out.

Next one is I'm always updating and adding new strategies, tools, SOPs. As I update and grow like my agency and my like process and stuff for getting clients results, you guys are the very first people that get to see all of this. What would you do to your business if every time you had an ad problem, you could reach out to a group of advertisers plus me and get immediate feedback on what to do?

You know, what type of ad should I create to target this type of person? What type of hook could I create? You know, you can spend a lot of time.

We're going to watch some YouTube videos. You can spend a lot of time trying to comment on my videos and hopefully you get your question answered. But this group, you know, on top of me actually providing you feedback, you can also reach out.

There's also tons of other people that may reply to that as well and give you feedback as well. So it can just help you overcome these business problems significantly faster. How much faster could you overcome barriers you've been stuck at for months under the guidance of someone who's been there before many times and overcame?

You know, I wasted like from 2015 to 2020 that I wasted all that time for me just trying to do everything myself before I accepted the fact I needed a mentor and coach. How much more money could you make after understanding how to create expert level ads from someone that's done over $100 million with Facebook ads? I've seen so many ads.

I've seen ads that work. I've seen ads that are just do not work to the point now to where I can give some pretty accurate feedback of, hey, here's what you need to do. I'm exposed to a variety of different niches, you know, supplements, clothing, legion for local businesses, personal brands, courses.

I've seen almost every single niche between my clients and my students to the point where, like, I can give you pretty accurate feedback of just stuff I've already known. is I'm always dropping our winning ads that we find in the group to be over, like, you guys, like the first people to see. Here's some winning ads that's working for us.

You should try this out too. Now, just a recap of everything you get. 24-7 Telegram group support.

Weekly Q&A calls. 101 with Nick Terrio for 30 minutes once per month. SOPs Nick uses on his ad accounts plus creating ads.

All the call recordings. Be the first to get access to new tools, strategies, and SOPs. And you can network with others on the same journey as you.

And again, you can get this today only for $600 per month. Today is, let me just double check that time real quick. Today is the 23rd of November.

And as of today, November 23rd, I'm going to extend this $600 per month until the 28th. Tuesday, November 28th, the price will be going up to $750 per month. And that's purely just to ensure that I can keep the quality of the group.

That is it. Now, just to show you guys some student results really quick. This was our student, Shivani.

She went from just bouncing around from agency to agency to where, like, just completely destroying her business to where she took matters to her own hands. She jumped into the group and she was able to scale to $100,000 plus a month since she's joined the group. Isaac simply learned how to create better ads in the program.

He came in at doing $5,000 a month. Now, he's doing $25,000 a day by simply creating better ads and getting his ads reviewed consistently by the group to where we could really give him refined, kind of like, hey, you should do this and this to improve that ad. Yanni went from not knowing shit about marketing fundamentals to being what's right banger ads.

Same thing. Just kind of came in, you know, maybe still looking at, like, media buying hacks and stuff like that to, oh, hey, the ads is the main thing we need to focus on. Purely focused on that and now able to create bangers.

And maybe you're asking yourself, hey, Nick, I've seen a lot of other YouTubers. You know, I see you guys. I know exactly who you all watch for, like, other channels.

I see all that in my analytics. And maybe you've seen some of their courses and you're like, hey, I just don't know who to choose from. Well, look, here's what makes me different.

Number one, straight to the point processes to follow. I don't sit down and talk for, like, 30 minutes about theory. I literally just say, hey, look, if you want to achieve this, do this, this, and this, and here you go.

I give you straight to the point processes that's easy to consume and easy to follow. Like, I'm literally walking into ad accounts that I'm spending, you know, I have today, like, tomorrow is November 24th, Black Friday. And I'm spending $150,000 a day for one ad account.

And I'm literally showing my students everything. Just live, here's me in that account. Here's what I'm doing, yada, yada, yada.

So I go deep. I show everything. I don't cover anything up inside of this program.

And next thing is I'm an actual practitioner. And what I mean by that is that I'm not someone that's learned Facebook ads a couple years ago. And I'm just, like, creating a course about it now.

I actually, on a day-to-day basis, focus on my agency. The inner circle, this, like, course mentorship thing, like, this is just literally my fun money. Like, I do this purely for you guys.

Like, I don't make a lot of money from this. My main business is my agency and getting my clients results. That's my main business.

This is my fun side business I do because I thoroughly enjoy this. And if you want proof that I thoroughly enjoy this, I posted over a couple hundred videos. I think I'm, like, 800 videos now on this YouTube channel completely for free showing you guys everything.

Purely out of the fun of it because I enjoy doing this. And that's something why I love about this program is that it's all for fun. I enjoy it.

I enjoy helping you guys. I enjoy seeing you succeed. And my main business is my agency.

That's where I make all my money. And also sidetrack is that me being an actual practitioner still getting client results, I can actually show you guys, hey, this is what's working. I can give you real-time feedback and real-time updates as we continue to scale and grow on our side.

Now, if you're ready to join the program, simply click the link below and you can apply now. There's a short video right here that pretty much just goes over everything you've seen in this video. And then after that, you go through a simple application, just ask you a few questions.

Just make sure you're a good fit. And then from there, if you're approved, it'll literally just say, hey, your application has been accepted. And here, you'll just fill out your credit card information, your billing information, and then you hit complete order.

Now, right now, I do have an annual plan as well. So it's $600 per month to join the group. But I did launch an annual plan.

Our annual plan, $600 times 12 is $7,200 a month. And I'm giving that right now for $1,200 off. So that's my Black Friday offer.

It's $1,200 off my annual plan. And right there, I'm also going to give the first 10 people that purchase an annual plan a copy of Breakthrough Advertising, which you can see right here. So annual plan, $1,200 off, regular $7,200 for the year.

And you get it for $6,000 for a full year. And you get a copy of Breakthrough Advertising if you're one of the first 10. Now, once you complete your order, it's going to tell you to join this Telegram group.

Here, you're going to click to join. And then you can get access into the Telegram group. Now, once you're in the Telegram group, make sure you click on this pin message right here.

Because in this pin message, I show you how to get access to the course. And I'll also show you how to schedule your first 101 with me. And that's it, guys.

Again, the inner circle. I want to extend my arms out and welcome to the inner circle. Simply click the link below to join.

And I'll see you guys on the inside.