How to start building an ad account from scratch in 2022 with Facebook ads. I get this question a lot, especially after my videos with how to run dynamic Facebook ads, you know, how to create Facebook ads that convert. And the next thing is, Nick, how do you actually build and launch an account from scratch?

So this video is me diving into that and my exact plan and steps that we use when I'm working with a new account. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriault. I run a Facebook ads agency and we help brands go from 50 to 100k a month all the way up to seven figures a month in revenue.

So make sure you click the link below. It's a book a free strategy session with us to see how we can help you. I have nothing to sell you.

I don't, you know, do courses or anything like that. Give all these videos completely free and transparent as possible with the intentions of helping you scale. And maybe one day you might need our help to take that over for you.

Before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. So diving into the video again, I get this been getting this question a lot after watching my video, how to run dynamic Facebook ads in 2022, where I show you my scaling and testing strategy. And secondly, after my video that said how to create Facebook ads that convert.

So how to create Facebook ads to convert literally just step-by-step guide of how to create Facebook ads that convert. When it comes down to the copy, the messaging, the creative, all that good stuff right there. And then my video of how to run dynamic ads in 2022, which teaches you my scaling and testing strategy.

So it's two videos right there. Go check them out before you watch this video. And then going into this video, I've been getting a lot of questions.

Nick, what do you do when you're starting from scratch? Okay. So we do have accounts that we start from trash.

Okay. And let's dive into that. So number one, the first thing you have to do when you're starting with an account from scratch is save up a budget.

Okay. I know a lot of people don't like to hear this, but there's a false reality that you're going to launch a Facebook ad account and spend a few dollars, find a winning product and scale the hell out of it. Okay.

And have little to minimal risk of losing money. And that's very, very false. Okay.

Back in 2017, 2015, you could do that. But now the reality is, is that that's selling a pipe dream. Okay.

So the goal here is that the first thing you want to do is set up a budget. And honestly, for me, I recommend saving up at least $3,000. Okay.

USD. All right. I know that sounds like a lot, but it's the best cushion at giving a business a try with Facebook ads and for 30 days.

Okay. So we want to start spending at least a hundred dollars a day. That is our goal.

Anything below that, honestly, it's just not enough data to test. Now I know that's a lot. Completely agree.

If you do anything lower, I mean, I would really do no less than $50 a day. Like 25 is really pushing it. But the first thing is, is you want to have a budget for 30 days.

Okay. So again, for us, we recommend $3,000. We will not work with anyone, anyone who has less than $3,000 budget.

And quite frankly, we charge $5,000 USD per month just to manage it. So anything lower than 3000, honestly, doesn't even make sense. Anyway, now that you have a budget in place, the next step, what we do is we go ahead and we create our dynamic CBO campaign.

Again, that video goes over step-by-step and that's why I'm not showing that off in this video. Okay. We create one campaign CBO at a hundred dollars a day.

We're not going to turn this campaign off once over that 30 days. Okay. We're just going to let it run a hundred dollars a day.

If we see performance do really well, we'll start scaling it up and pushing it up. But if not, we're not going to scale down. We're just going to leave it closing at a hundred dollars a day.

This will give us 30 days to find a winning set of ads that we can start pushing more money into. Now, the next thing is figuring out your first set of winning ads. Okay.

Now, when I look for winning ads in the first round, okay, I'm going to launch, you know, two, uh, two dynamic tests. Okay. That's three creatives, three photos or three videos.

I don't like to mix photos and videos. And the content that I'm going to use is going to be based off that video, how to run, how to create Facebook ads that convert. And in that video, I show off roughly 15 to 20 different types of ads that you can run.

What I would do is from there is I would go ahead and take those ads. And I would do, let's say for example, one of them is a UGC unboxing. Then one dynamic test would be three different UGC unboxing videos.

Okay. There you go. Okay.

So I would keep testing these dynamics until I find one that's starting to generate purchases. Okay. And typically what I would do is my goal is just to get purchases at first on a brand new account with zero data.

I'm doing broad targeting, even though it's zero data, I'm still doing broad targeting because they're creative from the copy creates the audience. Next thing is I'm still optimizing for purchases on day one, because I want to go to a high value audience. Okay.

So all of that is key right there. Now with all that, I want to start and try to find a baseline first. Okay.

What's just an average cost per purchase in the first round or two. If I spend a hundred dollars a day for at least three days on that first two dynamics, that's roughly $300 from a spend testing two sets of ads. And if I don't see anything, any performance or any KPIs or things like that, I'm going to turn off those first two and I'm going to launch another two.

Okay. If I see performance in one starting to go strong, then what I'll do is, is I'll let that one run and launch another one. Okay.

So every three days I want to launch a new set of dynamics. Okay. So again, if I see one dynamic ad set take off and do well, and the other one doesn't do anything, I'll turn that one off and launch a new one.

Okay. And what I'll do is, is over that 30 days, my goal is to try to test around 10 different rounds of ads. And the goal here is to test 10 very different rounds of ads.

Okay. Don't just be like, Oh, I'll launch this UGC unboxing video. Let me launch another one with just a different girl.

Don't do that. Try to look for 10 different concepts. UGC unboxing, a testimonial, you know, different types of personas you want to go after different types of imagery around the product, different types of hooks and things like that.

Try to find 10 different ad concepts. And you want to plan this out too, before you start spending one at third at $3,000 budget for that month, this allow you to test 10 different ad concepts over that 30 days or 10 to 20, honestly, just depending on, you know, how things are flowing. And that's going to give you a higher yield of chance or confidence to get something that's performing in the ad account.

Now, after that, each test you do, your goal is to figure out why that test worked and why that test didn't. Okay. Because if you're not learning with each test, you're not really learning anything.

Okay. And that is your, your solution. Okay.

Or that that's your goal. Okay. So you learn that, Hey, UGC is working amazing on this account.

Nothing else is performing. Okay, cool. Let's double down and figure out what's more types of content we can create with UGC.

Okay. That's your next thing. And as you become smarter with every test, you build higher integrity assets for the account.

That's going to give you better performance over time. Okay. It's like really learning what works and what doesn't for your audience.

So in that first 30 days, my goal is not to become profitable. My goal is to first figure out what works in the account. Now that second 30 days, the next 30 days, that's where I double down on really what works and then focus on scaling as hard as I can with what works.

So this is exactly what we do for new ad accounts and what our objectives is and stuff like that. Yes. It's not as flashy as Hey, first 30 days, we're trying to find an ad in the first three days that we can scale to the moon.

That's just not realistic in today's society today. We really want to focus on that first 30 days of having a solid budget to start with that we can test ads. And our goal is to figure out what concepts work on the account the best, but messaging with visuals and things like that.

And every test to really have a goal of testing a specific thing, persona, visuals, messaging. Okay. And then finding that to be able to use in the second 30 days, you know, 30 to 60 days and really pushing more budget behind it.

Okay. And this will even come there. And again, you want to plan these concepts out, have all these concepts ready before that first 30 days that you start launching everything, build those assets and everything sooner to that.

So that way you can go ahead and have the content without any interruption over those first 30 days. So I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. I know it was a little bit long over one and kind of just talking, nothing really super flashy and stuff like that.

But hopefully that helps you guys out with understanding my thought process. Make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And again, if you are doing roughly 50 to a hundred came up in revenue, click the link below to book a free strategy session with us.

And we'll give you a strategy session that shows you what you need to do in your ad account, basically improve your performance. Again, we spend anywhere from 750 K to a million dollars a month in ad spend. And we help brands go to a million dollars a month in revenue.

Again, my name is Nick Theriault. Thank you guys for watching and peace. I want to see you guys.

You