Yo, what's up guys? Nick here. Welcome back to the channel.

I wanted to make a quick video today kind of talking about this little app I found on my phone called Captivate. And over the past two weeks, I've gained about 400 Instagram followers from it. I've been testing it for a while now.

I just want to make sure it was a good app, you know, something I didn't have really run into any issues with Instagram. I know they're pretty picky about some bots and stuff like that. And it's pretty much just a follow and unfollow bot.

And I kind of want to go through a rundown of it, how I'm using it to basically gain other, you know, like kind of monetize the followers and stuff and how you could be doing the same. With all that being said, I am not responsible if this app completely decides to, you know, violate Instagram service and they decide to ban your account. That is not my problem.

Not responsible. Beware with using an Instagram bot, you do have a really high chance of getting your account in the red flag. So be aware of that.

I'm going to show you a few things I'm taking precaution to kind of minimize that risk. And with that being said, let's jump into the video. All right, guys, so we're in my phone now and I'm going to warn y'all now, I'm just really commentating over this footage.

So it's just because of the frame rates and stuff between the screen recording and the audio, it got messed up. But I just want to show you real quick my Instagram at 2300 followers about two weeks ago, I sponsored back and forth between 1845 and 1900. And the time I'm making this video closer is about 2400 now.

And literally just overnight about 75 followers. So, um, yeah, it works really good. I enjoy the app.

I like a lot again, though, warn y'all, um, you do have a risk of getting banned, but you want to go to app store captivate. Like I just said, if you need to scroll back real quick and, um, pause the video to get it, but yeah, you want to then once you get into captivate, you want to go and buy the license type. You want to go with pro with cloud service, it's $10.

I don't know if it's a reoccurring monthly charge as I did not see anything in the service. When I purchase it, it feels monthly or just regular, but as soon as you do that, then you want to go to following and you want to quick select, you want to select all of your followers, um, or load all your users. And then you want to come there and select all, and then you want to come there and add to whitelist.

And what this does is all the people you're following right now, it kind of adds them as like a safety net over them. So that way you never unfollow them. Cause this is a basically a follow and unfollow app.

There's nothing else. And you don't want to unfollow the people you're already following and enjoy their content, or, you know, you just have a hard time. So, um, they just want to copy all of these settings right here that I have.

Um, I know the time of this video, I actually changed a quick select on selecting active users. Um, I selected to two days and I've been getting a lot better results because it's only following people who, um, have been active in the past two days, whereas over to 90 days, people will be less active. So discover page.

We really don't do too much with that. Um, basically just shows you accounts like us. I don't use it at all.

I like to come there and target specific niches. So my niche is the entrepreneurship business. So I'm gonna go with someone like Gary Vee.

I use social blade to check their stats on everything. Um, so, you know, if I go use Gary Vee social blade, it's like, um, I don't know. It's like, uh, he gets like 2,300, 3,000 followers a day on average.

Whereas like Tai Lopez has been getting negative. You know, he's been actually getting unfollowed a lot. Um, I wanted to make sure I followed someone who is consistently getting new followers every day.

And then I choose about a thousand. Um, I do about a thousand to 2000 people, uh, every day. So you can click on the following.

So you want to see all of his followers. And basically what you can do is you can go put the bot out to where he goes, like all those, follows all his followers. So you click select auto load users.

Um, and then you want to load, you know, X amount. So quick select auto load users. And, um, you gotta tell it how many to load.

It does take time. It, you know, a thousand followers take like a minute to load, you know, 2000 followers pick another two minutes. So it definitely takes time for it to load these people up.

But once you load them up, simply hit click, select, select all and follow. And then you want to add it to the cloud queue. Cloud queue kind of does everything in the background.

The local queue kind of does it to where like you'll follow 40 people. It'll stop. You go hit start again.

It'll stop. So it basically just two different ways. So they limited cloud queue.

You can put a ton of shit ready to go and you'll never have to worry about, um, really anything. So, um, and that's kind how the app works. Uh, also you want to make sure your maximum back batch actions is 40, anything over 15, put your account at risk.

Um, and action is simply a follow or an unfollow. So if you follow someone and then unfollow that same person, that's two actions right there. And you don't want to go over 40, uh, an hour and, Oh, actually 50 an hour, but you set the bots of 40 an hour.

So that way, um, you can still use Instagram following unfollow people, you know, like you normally would on a regular basis. Whereas, you know, whereas like a bot and stuff, you know, follow a lot of people. So, but, um, yeah, so that's kind of the whole tutorial.

Uh, you definitely like to unfollow people and stuff. You simply just go to the following tab, um, you know, load all users, select all, and then you click unfollow. Um, and then it'll add it to the cloud queue.

Same thing, you know, unfollow people at a rate of 40 an hour. So really great app. Like I said, just be careful.

Um, you know, I'm not responsible if you get your account banned or anything like that. This is, uh, very red flag, you know, uh, as long as you keep it under 40 a day, um, Oh, that's really quick. Just want to show you, you can log in multiple accounts with this app.

I have three accounts linked to that same $10 subscription, um, or purchase, and I've been able to use it all with this app as well. So speak out for guys. Hope you enjoy this video.

Hope this helps you out. I'll make another video on how to properly monetize your followers. So that way you actually know how to make your money back, um, from that $10.

Go guys. Have a great day.