How to actually create UGC that converts in 2022. Today, we have an exciting new video where we're going to be going over a full guide from A to Z on how to create UGC content that converts, where to get it from, how to structure a brief, how to test it, a few different iterations to test, but vendors, et cetera. The ultimate guide of 2022 for UGC.

What's going on, guys? Welcome back to the channel. If you're new here, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency where we spend roughly seven figures a month on Facebook ads, and we help brands go from 50 to 100K a month all the way to seven figures a month with their Shopify store, leveraging Facebook ads. Create all this content completely free for you guys with the only expectation of if you get value out of this, you start scaling, you start crushing it, and you look for someone to hand the ads off of to, that is when we come and play, and you can book a call below with me and my team. We'll do a free strategy session with you where you can take that strategy session and run with it, or you have the opportunity to work with us if we think you'd be a good fit for the agency.

Now, that being said, before we get in the video, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Guys, let's dive into it. So how to create UGC that converts, full guide.

So we're gonna go over a few different things today. We're gonna be looking at the type of research you need to be doing before you actually start putting together a brief and things like that to be able to better articulate what type of UGC would work best for you. Concept planning, the type of concepts you wanna actually leverage with UGC.

Concept prioritization, which concepts should you do in what order for your store. Writing the brief out, how to put together a really good brief for your creator. Choosing the right vendor to get UGC from.

There's a lot of different vendors out there. Sorting creators, how to sort through creators and choose which ones would be best for you. Revisions from creators, how to actually test these in the ad account, and then actually how to take all this data with learning system from it, and then basically to be able to start all over again to create your second round of UGC.

So first things first is research, okay? So what I like to do is when I start to, let's say for example, I take on a new client and they wanna leverage UGC in their account. Okay, cool.

So what we like to do is we like to come there and look at three of their competitors, okay? So let's say if I sell t-shirts and then, you know, Cuts clothing right here is one of my competitors, okay? So I like to go look at all of my competitors and I like to look through all of their ad libraries and I like to really see, okay, what are common hooks they're using to get people to watch the video?

What are some of the problems slash benefits they're really focusing on? What's like the main problems of other t-shirts and why Cuts is better? And then what's all the main benefits of selling these shirts as well?

Common concepts as well. Are all of them leveraging like unboxing videos, testimonial videos, or some type of like little skit type videos? What are the common concepts across their account?

Next thing is the persona they're appealing to. What is the main persona they're selling to? Yes, it's Cuts clothing for guys, but are they trying to sell to women to buy for guys?

And also too, what type of guys? Is it guys that go to gym every day and bodybuilding or guys that, you know, like literally play Fortnite all day? What's the main persona they're appealing to?

And then lastly, what are the filming locations that they're leveraging? You know, they're filming this in their house. Are they filming it in a nice house or a bad house?

You know, poor house or a mansion? You know, what are the different locations they're using? What are the characteristics of those locations as well?

Because that's going to come down a lot to how we structure our brief around all of these key benefits here. Now, the next thing is to start concept planning. So we're going to take all that research we just put together and we're going to consolidate down into the things that are common.

Okay, let's say out of all the three brands, let's say out of all the ads we reviewed, 60% of them focused on unboxings and like 40% focused on like these other random types of concepts. 60% focused or 70% focused on super buttery soft t-shirts and the other 30% focused on like, you know, just soft t-shirts. Okay, just what are the commonalities in the locations, the personas, the problems, the benefits they talk about?

What are all these commonalities? Because that's usually the factors that are working the best for those brands. Then what we're going to do is we're going to take that data and we're going to start creating our own concepts.

Okay, we'll leverage some of this to the research we've used to recreate some of those concepts. We'll ideate and create our own concepts based off the ideas we've stemmed from research. And then lastly, we'll kind of maybe make some our own iterations in that perspective right there.

So you have ideate, which is starting from scratch. You have imitation, which is basically taking something you already see and you can just imitate, make it your own. And then lastly is iteration, which is something maybe you already have in your account and you want to iterate that.

But like maybe it's just a random standard image ad and we want to iterate it into like a UGC style ad. Okay, and then we'll put together a list of concepts I want to create. So here's a few different concepts that just kind of free wrote really quick before this video.

You know, so the hook, look what I just got in the mail. And then kind of just a quick little description of what like the beginning would look like. And then we can further, you know, obviously you would want to further plan this out.

Creator opens a mailbox, pulls out a cuts t-shirt and obviously says to hook, look what I just got in the mail. You know, maybe a little bit further down since I've switched to cuts, life has been different. And then it shows like a creator walk around the city with like girls just magnetized to them.

And he's just like, I don't really know what's going on here. So just a few different concepts right here. And then what we're going to do is we're going to look at concept prioritization.

Okay, so you have all these concepts and stuff. The next thing is you want to review all these concepts you've, you know, you've listed to create and you want to see which one do you have the highest confidence in performing. Okay, and then you'll start listing that down.

Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. So like let's say, for example, you have 10 concepts. You'll list like number one, this concept.

That's the highest one that we think would perform and then all the way down to 10. Okay, now that you have a list created, now you have a list of which to create these in order. Because the first thing is like, okay, well, which ones do I leverage?

In that perspective, all right? Do I do this one or this one? Okay, you just have to start.

Okay, so there's no really right or wrong way. So that's why we first just like to look at what do we have the highest confidence to perform? Okay, now the next thing is we're going to pick one of those concepts and we're going to start writing the brief for that concept.

So you have to write a brief per concept. Okay, but we only write a brief when we choose a concept to work on. So say for example, if it's, you know, this concept right here, all right, here's all of our concepts.

We listed them in order, everything like that. Now, this is number one. Cool.

Now I'm gonna write a brief with you because I want to execute on it. You don't need to write a brief for everyone unless you choose one to create. Once you choose one to create, then you write the brief.

Okay, so there's four key parts of a brief. There's the deliverables. That's a really big one right here.

Okay, what is the final output? Should they deliver to you? Okay, so, you know, is it a photo?

Is it a video? Is it multiple videos, multiple photos? What do you want delivered to you?

Okay, what is the script? This is what do you want the creator to say? When the creator's voicing things, what do you want them to say?

Next thing is the scenes. Okay, what do you want the creator to do? Okay, what's all like, what do you want them to film?

What do you want them to show off in the video from a visual perspective? Okay, then lastly, references. What is content you like that you want to show the creator and that'll help you because again, you have a mental image in your head of what you want and the creator has a mental, like formulates a mental image based off what he sees in that scenes and brief.

And if you do a very bad job of putting the scenes and script together, he's gonna have a very bad image and he'll create something bad. And then you're gonna sit there and think, oh, well, this creator is bad. No, hey, dude, it starts off with you.

You wrote a shit brief, you got shit content back and instead of getting mad at yourself, you're getting mad at the creator, which is a false reality. You need to be focused on yourself and you need to be focused on, hey, whatever brief I put together is going to dictate the quality of content I get back. So this is one way that helps out is with this reference because then you can list two or three UGC examples you like and even tell the creator, hey, I like this UGC right here because of X.

I like this one right here because of X and I like this one right here because of X. So now the creator is like, okay, cool. I have a better image of what they want now.

Now I can do a better job at giving them something that's most likely gonna meet their expectations or your expectations, not perspective. Now, the next thing is part two, which is kind of like going over these specifics here. So like I said, you have deliverables, which what do you want?

So let's say, for example, you want three photos plus a video, four by five up to 60 seconds. Okay, cool. That's very cool.

Then, okay, here's our script. So three reasons why cuts is my new favorite t-shirt. Number one, it's super soft and comfortable.

It doesn't feel stiff like most t-shirts. Number two, I can go straight from work to the gym without having to change my shirt. Number three, my arms look amazing in these.

I get this from my wife, not me. If you want to level up your tea game, gets cuts this holiday season. So that's the script.

That's what people will be articulating into the microphone in that perspective right there. Okay, that's what they're talking to you. Now, the scenes is everything you want to happen.

Okay, all the different visual stuff you want to see. Okay, so this is kind of like probably one of the easiest and laziest ways to put a script together and a scene together is have one main scene where it's just a guy, well-lit area of his house. I want a more modern, classy look inside of the house because, you know, we're going off for a little bit more premium of a product.

And I want to look straightforward. I want him looking straight forward at the camera and just reading the script, okay? It's kind of just like I just did in a second.

Then what I can do is, I want him to go film a bunch of B-roll and this B-roll, he'll edit together over that script where it flashes back and forth between B-roll and him talking. This is like probably one of the easiest ways to, you know, probably put a script and, you know, a scene together in that perspective right there. But you could also do like, hey, scene one, read the line one, which is three reasons why it cuts to my new favorite t-shirt.

And I want you walking outside in a park, okay? So that's just an example right there. So now that you have your brief together, again, make sure you put your references as well.

So, you know, I just took a link really quick from like a Facebook ads library. I put it right here and I put like, I like the different scenery plus camera angles. Now, be a little bit more specific why you like certain UGC.

But what I would recommend is I would download the ads you want to like reference, download them, upload them to Google Drive, and then you can do a share on that particular asset and share by link and make sure you put anyone with the link in view, okay? Because nine times out of 10, what happens is if I put just a Google, like a Facebook ads library link right here, what happens is, is that we find that sometimes these advertisers might turn off that ad, delete that ad or something like that, and it ends up coming to just a, you know, blank page and then you're screwed. So make sure you download those assets, keep them in a Google Drive folder, and that way you can be able to, you know, like always be able to reference if you don't have to worry about being turned off or deleted, okay?

So now that you have a brief together, now we need to choose a vendor to basically go ahead and, you know, get us our content, okay? So there's a few different options you have, okay? We leverage Instance, a little typo, we leverage Instance right here, that's our go-to, but there's also stuff like Billow, Billow's pretty good too, and then Fave Icon, okay?

And I'm gonna explain the differences between these three really quick. So Billow, for example, Billow's really great for beginners. You pay 60 bucks, you upload your brief, you pay $60 per video, you upload your brief, you get to see your creators, you select your creator, boom, it sends you your address, you ship it to them, and that's it, and then a few days later, you get your video done.

Cool, really good. It's simple, it's fast, it's easy. It's great for beginners, and it's cheap, okay?

So Billow's good, but the problem with Billow is, A, you don't get to talk to the creator before, and B, you don't get to view their social profiles, okay? And I'll explain why that's important in a second. Okay, then you have Fave Icon, which is basically for those who wanna manually do this themselves, of reaching out to Instagram creators, TikTok creators, or YouTube creators, manually reaching out to these people, DMing them, and asking them if they wanna work together, and it just requires a ton of more time and work, but the pro is that you get to create your own database.

So I'll put this more for like, very advanced advertisers and brands, Fave Icon, Billow, great for beginners, but Instance is that perfect in between, and that's what we leverage currently in our agency. I've used Billow multiple times, I've used Fave Icon multiple times, and I've used Instance multiple times, and Instance is our go-to. It is more expensive.

I will be blatantly honest with you, you gotta pay a monthly fee, plus you have to still pay the creators, and we pay our creators, it just depends. I can't really tell you a price, because it really just depends. For example, if you have a really expensive product, some creators will literally do it for free.

If you don't have an expensive product, you have like a $10 product, you want this really extravagant video done, you can probably pay 100 to 200 bucks per video. So it just depends. But I do like Instance, because we can talk to creators, before even starting work, we can text and talk to creators with a live chat, whereas Billow, you don't have that.

I can see creators' social profiles, I can literally go look at their Instagram, their TikTok, their YouTube if they have one, and what's cool about that, is because I get to see a lot more variety, in their content, okay? Whereas Billow, I just get to see two or three little clips, real quick, that they kind of highlighted, and I have no clue, I can't search them up on Instagram, or anything like that, because they have special usernames, Billow, and it's just, yeah. Okay, next thing is, I can request multiple different types, of assets at once.

So with Billow, is I send them a product, and then they create one video, and boom. And if I want another video, I send them another product, or, you know, it's a pain, okay? So, and second thing too, with Billow, is I can't go reuse that creator, okay?

So, like once I'm done with that creator, it's boom, it's closed, and if they apply to a new brief I create, then that's just my luck. Whereas, you know, instance, I have one, I can request multiple different types, of assets at once. Let's say, for example, I want to send them one product, and in one brief, I want three videos, two photos, and a shout out.

I can do all that in one brief, and that's all the little rules for that one brief. I don't need to create multiple different projects, okay? Next thing is, I can whitelist, plus post on our profile.

So, for example, this is an option to the brief, where it'll ask me, do you want to whitelist on this Instagram's profile, or do you want to, like, get them a post, a constant on their profile? And it's an added bonus, don't get me wrong, and it's completely subject to the creator, for whatever they want to charge you, okay? And again, reuse creators, I can literally just message a creator, leverage before, hey, you've worked well, I want to work with you again.

And again, this is great for intermediate, to advanced advertisers, okay? It's not great for beginners, I'll be completely honest with you, definitely, if you're a beginner, go to Billow, it's cheaper, it's quicker, it's faster, but then once you start using Billow, for a period of time, you're going to want more, and that's where Instance comes in play. That's where all the big agencies, like to use, that's what we use, pretty much all agencies, leverage something like Instance, okay?

Second thing for Instance, is just to show you the main page, and another thing I really love about Instance, is that they have a creator marketplace, as well, to where you can literally, just go search up like, all platforms, I can literally search like, Instagram, hashtag fitness, location, you know, United States, gender, female, age, 25 to 45, and then boom, and I can literally get all the girls, that fit on the creator marketplace, that fit within that, and I can reach out with them, and want to work with them, very simple, so this is an option as well, for Instance, to where you can either, A, you can reach out to creators, within the Instance platform, or B, you can just submit a brief, and let creators apply to it, so there's two different ways, which works really well, now, I do, and full transparency, I'm not sponsored by Instance, but I do have an affiliate link with them, full transparency, this is something we actually leverage, in our agency, you know, this is all the brands we work with, we have six different brands, within Instance, so, you know, I'm not just bullshitting you guys, this video is not sponsored, or anything like that, but I do have an affiliate link, where if you click it below, you sign up for Instance, you get $100, applied, to your creator balance, to be able to like, to work with creators, in that perspective right there, so again, that's completely up to you, if you use them or not, doesn't matter to me, I don't make money from affiliates, I make it from my agency income, so, literally just, you know, this will buy me a drink, in that perspective right there, so, but, now that you have a vendor chosen, you'll likely go ahead, and submit your brief, and then you're going to need, to sort through these creators, and once you sort through these creators, that's how you actually like, choose which ones you want to work with, so, a few different tips, for sorting through creators, is that, first thing, is just, create a short list, let's say, like for instance, for example, I might get 100 to 150, different creators, are applied to a brief, I put out, due to that, I need to create a short list, that's a lot of fucking people, so, I'll create a short list, and cut that down, to about 10 to 20 people, okay, then, I'll go through that short list, with a closer eye, okay, first time, it's just quick little, boom, boom, boom, boom, just, hey, that creator looks cool, boom, Adam, the second time, I go around with it, it's a closer eye, I'm looking at their social profiles, I'm looking at other forms, of content they created, and I just want to see, you know, does it match, our kind of, go to our vibe, and the brand, you know, just in terms of, hey, can they consistently, create that content, or is it just a one-off piece, of content, that appealed to me, when I first grabbed their, their handle, all right, next thing is, what is their level of creativity, does it look like that, they really don't have much creativity, you know, they just sit down, in front of the camera, like this is a great product, I really love it, you should buy it now, or do they really, add in a lot of b-roll, editing and stuff like that, because that definitely, does play a role, in terms of, you know, what we might get back, in that perspective, I don't like to do a lot of babysitting, so I like to just work with creators, that are naturally good originally, so I don't have to sit there, and babysit them, and try to really coach them, on how to create a good UGC, next thing is, do they match, what will appeal to my ideal customer, okay, you know, if I'm going after guys, who want to look fit, who want to look great, and stuff like that, I don't want to, guy as a creator, who's overweight, and things like that, I want to show a guy, that's fit, I want to show a guy, that he wants to, you know, he looks great, that's going to appeal, to my ideal customer, to where, you know, that's a really big role, the type of person, that the person's characteristics, plays a huge role, in terms of how good a UGC video, so we found that multiple times, how's their voice, I've almost worked with creators, before that I needed a script read, who didn't even know English, and we needed English, okay, already had a super, super heavy, accent, that just wasn't going to resonate, with our ideal audience, and we didn't work with them, because of that perspective, right there, I find that something super easy, to just overlook, and I definitely recommend, looking at that, okay, now after I do my second work around, like I said, I might go from 100, 150 creators, down to 10 to 20 creators, and then, then I'll do my hiring process, with, okay, hey, you know, I need three creators, you know, I need this brief, created three times, so, let me choose these three creators, and boom, okay, now after I choose those creators, I'll ship my product to them, and then, I'm going to start getting, the first round of content back, and then we'll go over revisions, okay, don't be afraid, to ask for revisions, okay, I found myself, a few times, that I was like, I was scared to ask them, for revisions, but now, I understand, there's a fine white line, between revisions, okay, so, some people, will get a creative back, and be like, this is terrible, and, it was because they're brief, their brief, articulated, was bad, and they got mad, at the creator, because their brief was bad, which is not again, not the creator's fault, they created, which you briefed them on, and that's it, so, if I need, if I need a creator, to completely reshoot something, from scratch, and a whole new brief, that's it, no, that's your fault, you need to create a better reef, and go hire someone else, that's not the creator's fault, now, if it's, you gave them the brief, and they did nothing, like the brief at all, you know, then, there's, most of the time, it could be the creator, right there, just not following directions, and, you know, ask them to reshoot, but, for us, a fine white line, for revisions is, hey, this looks good, the concept looks good, can we just kind of, maybe change up, these one or two scenes, and that's it, that's a really good balance, for revisions, maybe the audio wasn't clear, can you just ask them to reshoot, the audio, or something like that, and just very clear, revisions in that perspective, right there, but don't be afraid to ask them, just kind of understand, where are you coming from, when you ask these revisions, and the amount of workload, if you have to literally, write a whole new brief, and send it over to them, that's bad, because then your accent, basically just like, do double the work, but if it's just a little minor, edits and stuff like that, not a problem at all, or maybe the creator, just did not follow the brief at all, then, you know, again reach out to them, for that perspective right there, now testing, once you start getting, this content back, you have the finals, there's a few different ways, we like to leverage them, in the ads manager, this will be TikTok, Facebook ads, whatever you leveraging, you know, your ad side, so first thing I like to do, is I like to take that video file, upload straight to the ads manager, and run it like that, no edits at all, we found a lot of times, where we just take that raw, UGC content, upload straight to that account, it works phenomenal, because it seems very transparent, it seems very real, it seems very organic, okay, now the next thing I like to do, is take that raw file again, and just add subtitles, that's it, upload it, test it like that, so we've seen that work, really well too, because you know, first one, it might work, might not, second time we test it, with subtitles, is that it's basically, testing the theory, that a lot of people, listen to you know, things with the sound off, and we just need to add, some subtitles, to where we can basically, go ahead and capture, people's attention, that perspective, next thing is we'll, re-edit the order of clips, so like let's say for example, the first clip starts off, an unboxing, and the second clip shows, you know the guy, putting the shirt on, we might show, a guy putting a shirt on, the first clip, and the second clip, the unboxing, so we just re-edit, the order of clips, and just the order, of which they appear on the screen, we might take the first scene, the first visual, that they see, and test three different visual, visuals on the front end, from just grabbing, other different parts of the video, we might take that one video, and we might take, the other videos, we got from this brief, from other creators, and do a mashup, of all three together, also another thing too, there's a, you know like the TikTok robot voice, there's a tool in line now, I can't think of the name, of it right now, right now, but where you can literally, just type up the script, and boom, it'll put, give you mp3 file, that TikTok robot voice, and we'll remove their voice, the creator's voice, and add that robot voice, and we've seen that work, well too as well, so, and again, we do all of these, regardless of the performance, of this first clip, so we have like what, six different types of tests, we'll apply to that UGC content, and this will create roughly, 18 to 20 different ads, from one creator, and we might work with, three different creators, three to 10 different creators, per brief, it just depends on budget, because for example, with incense, I'm probably, I'm usually pay about average, about $100 per brief, so, all right, $100 per creator, so one brief, I have a $500 budget, per brief, then I can work with, five different creators, that's gonna be five different videos, okay, so this will come back, and add, you know, six different edits per video, that's about 30 different ads, I'll get from that one, a $500 deposit, okay, or expense, and then let's say, for example, I'm only a $100 budget, and I get one video back, well this is a great way, to create six different videos, for one video, okay, and if you wanna know, how exactly we test, and run these ads, inside the Facebook ad accounts, I do have a full video, on my channel, called, how to run dynamic, Facebook ads, on Facebook, and this is the exact, setup we leverage, for our clients, we spend roughly, seven figures a month, on Facebook ads, and these are just, the exact structure, we leverage, on all of our accounts, so, lastly, is you wanna keep track, of all your learning, so you've gone through, the process of planning, you know, research, planning, building concepts, briefing, you know, vendors, all this, now you're gonna start, getting a lot of data back, you wanna keep track, of what's working, what's not, you know, what hooked worked best, what creators worked best, what filming locations, work best, what problems, slash benefits work best, you wanna keep track, of all of this, because this is gonna allow you, to continue to build, better briefs, and improve performance, just like Facebook, optimizes every day, and consistently keeps optimizing, of what ads work best, you wanna also keep optimizing, of what briefs work best, what creatives work best, and keep building better ads, based off your data, and that's pretty much, how to create UGC, that converts, I really hope you guys, enjoyed this full guide, this was definitely, very in depth, and if you guys, have any questions, drop them below, and I'll be happy, to help you out, in the comments below, again I run a growth agency, Facebook ads agency, we spend roughly, seven figures a month, on Facebook ads, and we help brands, go from 50 to 100k a month, all the way to seven figures, per month in revenue, make sure you click the link below, to book a free strategy call, with me, where we'll go over your business, we'll put together a plan for you, you can take it and run with it, or you have the opportunity, to work with us, if we think you're a good fit, for the agency, now with that being said, make sure you like button, hit that subscribe button, for new videos, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, my name is Nick Terrio, I'll talk to you guys later, peace.