How to target high quality customers with Facebook ads in 2023. I understand you're struggling with Facebook ads. You can't quite seem to get the right ad setup and, you know, the right audience to target and like no one's buying and stuff like that.

Look, today's video, I'm going to show you how you can actually target your high quality customers with Facebook ads. So before we get started, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these things, my name is Nick Serio. I run a Facebook ads agency.

I've done over $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads for my clients. I have more information about my agency and also my coaching and mentoring program with like 35 other students that are absolutely crushing it right now in the program. All that can be found below.

So hit the like button, hit a subscribe button. New videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And let's dive into this video.

I literally only have like six minutes left on this camera battery, not battery to memory card. So I'm trying to get this video out and to you guys and, you know, value packed. So if you want to target higher quality customers with your Facebook ads, to be honest, the first thing is just you need to create better bait.

If you look at, for example, like fishing, for example, if you're going to go and try to catch a shark, you're not going to, you know, use the same type of bait you would use to, you know, I'm from Louisiana in the United States and we have a lot of catfish. So I'm not going to use the same bait I would use for a catfish. I'm going to use a much bigger bait, better reel.

I'm also going to have, you know, higher quality bait. It's going to be a lot more expensive to catch a shark in terms of the bait itself. You know, it's not going to be like maybe a worm.

It's actually going to be maybe another fish that's dead. It's going to be a little bit more expensive for the bait. It's going to be higher quality and all that stuff like that.

So when you're trying to catch customers with your Facebook ad, your ad you create is the bait for your shark, your Megadon that's going to purchase from you. So it's important. It's so important to be able to put together the copy, the creative, the headline that appeals to your customer.

And what I find so many times is that people are living on a basic level when they build the ad. Here's my product. Can you buy it now?

You know why LaCroix works so well? It's because they put this in the position of a bunch of rich people. Every rich person I know drinks LaCroix.

So guess what? I don't have a problem paying four or five dollars for a pack of 12 LaCroix. Same thing for your advertising.

How are you positioning your product in the ad itself to like, oh shit, this is nice. It's quality. You know, it's a high quality creative.

It's a high quality messaging. And it actually appeals to my ideal customer, my high quality customer that I want to capture because I've built the right bait. A lot of you guys are still using catfish bait trying to catch a fucking shark.

And quite frankly, you got to fix that shit. Are you going to keep catching catfish when you want a shark? All right.

That's just the reality there. So super and super important that the ad you create, it creates the whole impact. It sets the tone.

Spend more money on higher quality creatives. Learn better marketing fundamentals and build better ads. And, you know, looking at it from a Facebook algorithm perspective, when you launch an ad, there's Facebook takes a look at the full ad.

It looks at the creative. It looks at the copy. And it pulls together a whole bunch of different data points.

It's the same way why you have gym girls on your Instagram reel. Yeah, I know you guys that watch this channel. And I bet you your Instagram reel is a bunch of gym girls or guys getting jacked.

You know, maybe a couple. I know for me, like I'm a big, I'm big into boxing. So like my whole Instagram reel is full of like boxing shit.

Like that's the type of shit I see in mine. You know, it's designed to show you content you want. And when you upload a piece of content, go upload an organic piece of content.

There's no targeting settings on it. You just upload it and Facebook picks out all these attributes. I heard there's like over 10,000 different data points around every single ad that gets launched.

Put this in perspective right here. I just launched ads for my coaching program. You know, we've acquired over 35 students now.

60 students have gone through it. And it's just crazy from a success standpoint of what these students are crushing it from. But I've acquired all these students purely from YouTube Organic.

And I'm like, hey, I want to kind of push the needle a little bit more. So I'm launching some Facebook ads for it. And the first couple impressions, you know, probably the first $50 to spend, I had five to six people like the particular ad itself.

And that ad itself, I went and checked those Instagram profiles just to kind of see, you know, hey, are we targeting the right people? All people who are running ads. And that's the key thing here.

I only want to talk people who are running ads. Guess what? I built an ad to match those people.

I didn't just go ahead and, you know, upload some random shit. So that's the key thing here. So basic takes all these data points.

You know, this is a little tool right here, image recognized, which will you can upload a creative. I'll tell you a bunch of stuff. Facebook algo is 100 times more powerful than this.

And basically it groups people into key things based off that ad. And from there, it serves that ad. And then we actually launched the ad and actually gets put in front of people.

What happens is Facebook's constantly optimizing. This person liked it. This person hated it.

This person liked it. This person hated it. This person liked it.

This person hated it. Facebook's doing this with every single impression. And it further keeps refining to the ideal people that need to be looking at this ad with every single impression.

And again, Facebook targets at the ad level. So due to Facebook targeting at the ad level, you're not creating an audience at ad set level. We target broad.

USA, male plus female, 18 plus. And then we will refine down the line to like maybe female only if we know female customers are the only customers. Or male only if we know male is the only customers.

Or a select age group if we have significant data that shows that age group is the one we need to target. Now, here's a great example right here for one of our clients where we have these two ads in the exact same ad set. And look, this ad right here is for guys.

This ad right here is for girls. And guess what? This ad got $9,400 to spend to females.

And this ad got, I mean males. This ad got $617 to females. Right here, we had $7,600 to females and $3,900 to male.

Now, pretty golfer, girl in a golfing dress. I understand why guys were stopping. But here, we weren't targeting anything from a female perspective.

So then it's just like, well, shit. Like, you know, if I'm a girl, I don't want to see a guy like looking at that. So, yeah.

Like Facebook. And this is, again, just to show you guys that Facebook creates that audience at the ad level. And everything you put in this ad is responsible for targeting your high-quality customers you want.

So, when you build an ad, don't get lazy on it and build something people want to actually see. People actually like, wow, that's a nice ad. Like, that really connects with me and resonates with me and solves my problems.

And I actually have belief and conviction now that your product is going to help me advance in life. That's our objective there. And if you're building some bullshit stuff and you're fishing with a catfish bait trying to catch a shark, well, guess what?

You're going to keep catching catfish and keep complaining you're not catching shark. And it's because you're using the wrong bait. And it's vital you understand that.

And once you understand that, that's what clicked for me for Facebook ads. I was like, holy shit. I know what we need to focus on.

So, we built our whole business to focus on that. And that's all we do now. So, do need in this video, Shark, because my memory card is like full on this camera.

Thank you guys so much for watching. Hit the like button. Drop any comments below.

I'd love to answer your questions. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.