I spent over a million dollars a month on Facebook ads for my clients, my advertising agency, and this is exactly how we test Facebook ads in 2025. So this is just one of our accounts right here. And we have one campaign per country for this particular account.

We don't do a separate testing campaign in a separate scaling campaign. We just do one campaign that both take place. And I'm going to show you how it's all structured.

And I'm actually going to show you all of how like actually go and put it together inside of an account. So just going to show you all real quick. CBO campaign right now, we've been able to sculpt about $3,000 a day in ad spend for this particular client.

And then if I open up that particular campaign, we have a bunch of ad sets and each ad set is one flexible ad with three creatives, two copies and two headlines. Again, I'm gonna give you all examples of both video creatives and both image creatives. And we're actually going to build those together inside of an account.

I just want to first show you all the overall structure of things. And all we do is we listen to Facebook and allow Facebook to tell us what creatives will scale. Now, Facebook has a prioritization of entertaining its customers.

Not us, not the people that spend money on Facebook, but people who actually go ahead and just sit there and doom scroll all day. So it spends a fuckload of money on the ones that get much more engagement than the others. And engagement is a byproduct of an ad getting more spend.

So when you put an ad out there and Facebook starts seeing a lot of people clicking on that and engaging with that ad, it starts to spend a lot more money on that. And typically, I'd say nine out of 10 times the ads that get a lot of engagement and a lot of spin are all winning ads with really good cost per purchase. And those are the ads we just leave on like this.

And all we do to scale that campaign is just go ahead and increase the budget by 20% a day, as long as we're hitting our overall cost per purchase goal that we need to in that particular campaign. So when Facebook doesn't spend money on those ad sets, for example, these are some new ad sets we recently launched. It barely spent any money and created little to no impact and overall cost per purchase.

So we'll be turning those off today. We'll be launching new ones because they've been running about seven days. So basically, I just let it run for about seven days and I give it Facebook an opportunity to spend on it for seven days.

And if Facebook doesn't spend on it, I turn it off. Now, Facebook spends a lot of money on it and it negatively impacts again, nine out of 10 times, it doesn't negatively impact. But there's always about that 10% chance that something will take overall spin and actually does worse.

All we'll simply do is turn that off before the seven days, depending on how bad it hurts performance. And then as mentioned, again, we're just doing one flexible ad per ad set with three videos or three photos. And that's all we do.

And I'm going to go in as an account and actually show y'all specifically on how to set this up. Now, before I actually set this up, we have to get our creative ready. So I want to show y'all two examples.

I'm going to show you an example of a photo ad and I'm going to show you an example of a video ad. Because there's a lot of people that are like, well, Nick, you can't see winning one is in a flexible. And I'm like, yo, I literally do not give a f***.

And the reason behind this is because all of my videos or all my photos in that particular flexible ad test are so similar that I don't even care which one takes overall spin. Because I know in general what concept we put together. So for example, here's a video and I'm not going to play the whole thing.

But overall, this video, it starts off with how this comfy leak proof underwear ended. My $200 pad nightmare. And it just goes over if like this girl telling her story and stuff like that.

Key difference here is when we do a video, all we change is the visual hook, which is what's visually displayed in the first couple of seconds. So I got three videos here, all exactly the same, just a slightly different visual hook. And then that's it.

So the text hook is the same. The only difference is the visual hook. And here we go.

Last video. How this comfy leak. Boom.

So same thing. So we have three videos, all exactly the same, just a different visual hook. So I know the hook we use for this concept, which is how this comfy leak proof underwear ended.

That's the thing I'm testing for right there. So I know in general, if 118 takes off and is a winning ad, I know what is like actually working there. Now, let's look at it from a photo standpoint.

Best underwear that doesn't leak. Boom. Best underwear that doesn't leak.

Boom. Best underwear that doesn't leak. All the same, just slightly different visually shown.

Again, me knowing which one of those works still doesn't help me with anything because I know the overall concept that worked. I just don't really care to a smaller level of what visual work. And why do I not care?

Because in all of our accounts that we're scaling and we're spending a lot of money on, all of our concepts are visually significantly different. So like, for example, if this concept works for this account, how this comfy leak proof underwear ended my $200 pad nightmare. Like I'm never doing it again.

Why? Because in all of our accounts, if I just go sit there and just keep doing this over and over and over and over, it's not going to create me any new net new positive creatives. So I like to keep testing big swings every time I'm in an account because it increases my chances of finding a winning ad at a significantly higher rate than me just sitting there and doing.

Okay. Well, let's do how this comfy leak proof underwear ended my $200 pad nightmare. Let's do $100 pad nightmare instead of $200 and do everything the same.

Like that's such a little test and I've just never really seen success with it. So for me, I want to consistently look at the big swings in the account. So if I know this works, cool.

Great. Let's move on. If it doesn't work, cool.

That's great. Let's not do that again and move on. Like both ways I'm moving on.

It's just simply gathering down whether it worked or not. And all of this came from research. Now, I want y'all to understand that before I show you how to set this up because like you need to understand all of this.

Because if not, you'd be like, well, Nick, how do you see which flexible ad? It works. I do not give a fuck.

That's long story short because it doesn't help me at all. It doesn't help me really to further advance and scale the account. So let's just go ahead and set this up.

Let's go create. Let's do sales campaign because most of y'all are sales. I have a lot of success with this strategy doing leads.

I've also had a lot of success with this one purchases. So either way it works. We can do a manual sales campaign.

I like a manual sales campaign because advantage shopping plus campaign, you can only create one ad set. So you can't create multiple ad sets in there. So hit continue.

Name your campaign, whatever you want. I like to do either one product or one product category per campaign. And I also like to do one country per campaign.

So for example, if I'm targeting USA and I'm also targeting Germany, I'm gonna do a USA campaign and a Germany campaign. If I'm, you know, promoting my inner circle program, I'm gonna have that as a designated campaign. That's a thousand dollar a month program.

If I'm promoting my ebook, that's gonna be a campaign by itself. So I do one product per campaign or one product category. Now, the reason I say product category is because let's say I have a clothing brand and it has a ton of t-shirts all around the same price point.

Then I'll do one campaign for all those t-shirts. And I'm just gonna promote the top two or three best sellers in that campaign. Let's say I have a clothing brand and I have a men's collection and a female collection.

I'll have one campaign designated for female and one campaign designated for male. So just to quickly clear that up real quick about campaign structure and strategy. It's one campaign per business objective.

So that just kind of brings a little bit more detail of what that objectives look like. So I'm just gonna call this test because I'm not keeping this live. Turn off catalog, finish campaign budget.

We're gonna turn that on. I always like to start off my campaigns at $100 today. I'm never turning this campaign off.

I'm gonna keep testing creatives and landing pages and offers for this product and make it work. If you go watch my video, zero to 30k a month, I literally spend like two or three months making a product work because clients pay us to make products work. We don't, oh, let's just test a product for two days and see if it works or not.

Like, fuck now. Like, clients pay us to be like, hey, Nick, you gotta make us money. So here's the product, have fun, and I gotta fucking make it happen.

So click on next, add set name. This is where I always like to type in the number of that creative test. So technically, this one is 118 and then 147.

So I'm just gonna type in 118 right here. I'm gonna show y'all in a little bit of exactly how I organize all that and exactly how I put that in like a Google sheet and all that good stuff. Just let's first get this done first.

So I'm gonna do one, let me actually finish this up, 118, this is USA, this is gonna be female only because this is a female product. Yes, it's 60 plus, but I'm gonna do 18 plus because technically, I just trust Facebook. Facebook's gonna spin based off what it needs.

Website, oh wait, hold up. I am still like not finishing this up. I'm getting a little too carried away here.

All right, broad, AP just means automatic placements and then O-PURD just means optimized for purchases. All right, I'm gonna go boom. I'm gonna select my ad sets or my data sets.

I'm gonna select purchases. You should only be optimizing for purchases or leads. Like we have some lead generation clients where we're only optimized for leads.

All of our e-com clients, even if you're starting at zero, you just open the ad account, you just put your credit card on the profile and you haven't even spent a single dollar. You're still optimizing for purchases, even if there's no data because that's what you want. You optimize for what you want.

Now, next thing is we're not going to turn on dynamic creative. This is the way we used to do it, but dynamic creative will be phased out by meta. So we're just not going to worry about that at all.

Start date, I like to do 12 a.m. And that's just because from an organization perspective and then just kind of starting it at the top of the day, fresh hour, all creatives are at zero. They all have the fresh opportunity to spin at zero.

I like to give it that opportunity right there. All right, now we're going to go and we're going to be looking for the switch to original audience options. Use original audience.

United States gender. We're going to put that to female. Again, we only do broad targeting here.

I don't do interest. I don't do look likes. I don't look to custom audiences.

The only exclusion I'll add is purchase 180 days. I think that might be it right there. So if you don't know how to create that, just create custom audience website.

Next. Bum, bum, bum. Purchase.

Type in 180 days and then create and you're done. Now, from here, we're going to go and leave placements. Placements automatic.

That's it. Click on next. I just call this 118 as well.

And again, I'm going to show you all how to organize all that in Asana and Google Sheets after this. Just want to get this done first. We're going to click on flexible here.

Multi-advertiser ads. I haven't seen any differences in performance, leaving it on or off. So I just leave it on because it's just one less thing.

I have to uncheck my meta. And because this is a video ad, we're going to upload videos. Upload those videos real quick.

All right. So we just got our three versions in here. And again, I only do three.

You don't have to do three. You could do two or one, but I don't recommend more than three. The other thing I recommend is that you want to make sure that each of the visual hooks are different.

As I said, that's the only thing I'm going to recommend for y'all. Everything about the script is the same, just different visual hook. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to load in a winning primary text.

And then I'm going to load in, ad text option, a new primary text. So this new primary text will be like, like the winning one will just be one that I know works already for the account. And then a new one will be more related specifically to that ad concept.

Same thing for the headline. I'm going to load in a winning headline. And then I'm going to load in a new headline.

And then description. Honestly, I never fuck with this. I'm being complete transparent with y'all.

Oh, that's also too. Another thing is thumbnails. I don't really care either.

I just let Facebook do its thing. I've done a ton of tests and I've never had a significant impact in performance by changing the thumbnail. So I just don't do it.

All right. Next thing we're going to load in our destination. There we go.

And then vintage creative options. I turned that off. Now I always do shop now, just depending on the product we're selling, because this is an e-com related product.

I do shop now. If this was like, I don't know, for lead generation for my legion clients, I'm going to do like learn more or something like that. Apply now.

And then, yeah, that's it. Everything is done. Let me just do a final double check real quick.

Yeah, cool. So this is done. I'm going to publish this.

And then now this is how you do video. Now let's go ahead and do photo ads. That's going to be the next one.

So photo ads, we're just going to duplicate this, duplicate original setup, original campaign. There we go. I don't want a new campaign or anything like that.

This is 147. So let's type in 147 because it's already been done correctly in terms of how we set all this up. This all should be already set up how we need.

Then we go in here, 147. And then I'm literally going to remove this. Boom, boom, boom.

Add images. Upload. I hate that you have to like the images, you have to upload one at a time.

So let's do this. And let me hit continue. There we go.

And then here, the only thing I may have to do is just double check some of this stuff. I'll still do a new primary text because like these are two different concepts. This one right here talks about like how, you know, they stopped wasting.

How this confitly proof underwear. I ended my $200 pad nightmare. So that's a completely different concept than best underwear that doesn't leak.

So two completely different concepts. So I'd be doing a completely new primary text for this, but the same winning primary text will be used as well because I know it's a winning primary text. And then here I'll just publish and that's it.

Now there's a couple other things we have to look at. When do you turn these off? When do you add more?

That's all good questions. So let me turn off this campaign and let's actually go dive into a completely another account. So I can show y'all one that's already actively doing this.

All right. So here's another account that's already actively doing this. We had a single campaign.

This particular client is only in one campaign or one country. Only selling to one gender. And on top of that, they only have one product they're pushing.

They have other products on their website, but this is the hero product that people come in for. And then they buy this product and they're used to other products as upsells and stuff like that. So let's just dive into this account.

So we only have two ad sets running right now. And again, I literally just showed y'all how each of these ad sets are set up. So we ran a bunch of tests over the last seven days.

Uh, yeah, Thursday, we ran a bunch of tests over the last seven days. We did 110, 132, 148, 150. Typically I only recommend anywhere between one to four a week, uh, every seven days.

But this particular client right here is struggling. They kind of came to us and was like, Hey Nick, we're struggling severely with our Facebook ads. And like, you're just literally our last hope.

So we're like, we, we, we went a little harder than we typically do just on the number of tests. And I think we're doing like eight to 10 a week. Again, not ideal, but just again, a very specific situation there.

So let me just pre-frame with that. Ideally, we want to test anywhere between one and four concepts a week. Now let's keep in mind here.

Every concept we create is freshly filmed content. So we're not reusing the same content over and over every concept we create. And again, one concept is like, this is one concept.

And this is one concept right here. One concept is three creatives, one hook, one script, and three different, like visually different hooks for a video or visually different images. So we do one concept per test with those three creatives each.

And typically what we do is you have, you have to look at it from the perspective of it's always new, freshly shot content. And everything comes down to your ability to write this script and your ability to like create that photo. So you creating like 200 concepts a week, you would literally just be like the level of quality wouldn't be there.

So you, you constantly have this teeter totter of quantity and quality. And if it's just a one man team, three to four concepts a week is like, I can't see people do more than that and keep quality. So you really need to make sure that you keep the quality there.

The next thing is I launch them. I give it seven days to earn spin and beat. So like, for example, this one right here, 103 took overall spin.

It's currently working the best and we haven't been able to beat it. And pretty much what we look at it is, this is our top spending ad right here. And our goal is to beat it in terms of spin.

And if it doesn't outspend it, then we at least want to leave a lower cost for purchase add on. So like we turn off 137 here because it had a $44 cost for purchase. So we turned it off 121 right here.

We left it on because it has $30 cost for purchase. It's not necessarily hurting things, but I know for a fact, this one wouldn't take overall spin because one, it has like, it's had like three, four weeks to take overall spin. It hasn't.

And on a seven day window, it has a higher frequency than this one right here. So this shows me this is more of a retargeting ad. And to be fair, it was made as the intention of retargeting ad.

So even though we put retargeting style creatives in it, we're still doing broad targeting because we let the creatives do the targeting for us. So yeah, so basically every seven days we launch our anywhere between one to four concepts. We give them seven days to earn spin.

If they don't earn spin and don't succeed, we turn them off. And again, nine out of 10 times, the ones that take overall spin improve the business positively. It lowers overall CPA so we can scale and increase spend every now and then maybe one out of 10 times in terms of the ones taken off.

We have one that takes off and actually negatively impacts business. It has a worse cost per purchase. And then we have to turn off that high spending ad.

For example, in this case, this one took a lot of spin over the last seven days, $836 for a $44 cost per purchase. We need a $30 cost per purchase for this account. So we get to turn it off.

So just again, keeping that in mind right there. Now we need a $30 cost per purchase in this account, but we're getting a 33 on this one. And the reason why we haven't turned this one off is because we haven't had one that beat this one.

Yes, this has a $30 cost per purchase, but it's not gaining enough spin. And I do not force spin. I let Facebook control the level of spin on this.

So yeah, that's all I do. This is how I test new creatives on Facebook. I keep it simple.

And then as I'm hitting my target cost per purchase of $30, right now we're at 36. So we're not hitting our target cost per purchase. So I'm leaving us at our flight deck.

I forgot what it's called. A certain, I always have a hard deck of a number. We never go below because if we go too low of a budget, then it'd be just, we just get less volume.

We get less purchases. It becomes like we have to let things run longer. So, and that, that hard deck will be different for every brand, depending on just the results and stuff like that.

So right now we have a $500 a day hard deck. So we will not scale below $500 a day, regardless of performance. And we'll keep spinning at this with the goal of bringing down this, this cost per purchase further.

So we can spend more now, just from some organization tips, because I don't see people talk about this, but once you start building a lot of this, you need a way to organize it. So there's a couple of tools we use. First things first, let's just build it live.

Just go open up a new Google sheet and I'm just going to build this really quick. I'm going to build it with y'all because I know I'm going to have motherfuckers in the comments that are like, Oh, can you send this over to me? It's like, bro, I'm literally going to build this with you.

So I just call this batch number. That's the first one. And I always start my batches off at one-on-one.

That's my first one. The reason why is because I don't want to put just one because just the way it works in Facebook, when I sort, it won't recognize one. So I always like to start off at three digits.

So I always like to do batch number. And then what I like to do is called status. Then I would like to do is I think it's hook desire.

Next one I want to do is persona. Next one I want to do is what am I creating? And then next one is what is my hypothesis?

Cool. And then next one, actually there's one more status results. There we go.

And then here, I'm just going to delete this, delete columns. And then let's just sort all this real quick. Let's select all of these.

I'm going to do this. And then I'm going to do text wrapping on. And then I like to middle it as well.

Cool. Take all these black, text color white. Batch number is easy.

Just go down like this. Wait, you just type it in every time. So like, oh wait, hold up.

One more thing real quick. View, freeze, up to one row. Just make sure it's selected.

So way you can always see this. And then it's batch number one, status. And then you can go to tools.

Unselect that. Format, drop down. Option one you're going to be is in progress.

There we go. And then next one, status in progress. One, add another item, lost.

In progress, you're just going to leave that as yellow. One, green. Status.

Last one, loss. Done. This one.

There we go. And then that way you can see, okay, hey, status. We launched.

Oh, wait, one more. I know that's what it was. All right, left.

All right, launched date. There we go. Cool.

So, you know, for example, today we launched 147, for example. The best on the way that doesn't leak. So I'm just going to type in 147 here.

Launch date today is 12-12-2024. Our hook on this. There we go.

1024. That'd be wild. What were they doing at that time?

Fucking sending tablets. Let's see. Duh.

The best underwear that doesn't leak. Best underwear that doesn't leak. There we go.

And then here we'll type in your desire. Desire for this one is just underwear that doesn't leak. Your desire is what people want.

Because we're after a pretty sophisticated marketplace, we can actually call out the product. You know, for example, another one might be desire for make money. Desire for a girlfriend.

Desire to feel confident when they're talking to girls. Desire could be to scale Facebook ads. Whatever.

What does people want? What do people give a fuck about? In this particular case, people give a fuck about is having underwear doesn't leak.

And persona, we're going after 60 plus women who struggle with leaky underwear. This is the person you want to market to. And more specifically, what am I creating?

Image ads. It's just more in general. Image ads.

What is my hypothesis? So this is going over is why you're creating this. Take a second.

Just think about it. All right. So obviously we already created this.

But our hypothesis is women struggle with underwear that leaks. So I want to create an image ad that showcases how we have underwear that doesn't leak. All right.

This is my hypothesis of why I'm creating this and what's going to happen. And basically what will happen is we'll launch this. We'll let this run for seven days.

And then after the seven days, all we'll just do is, hey, this worked. It took over. It was spent.

It impacted the CPA. We did amazing. Or, hey, this did terrible.

It lost. And boom. Yeah, that's it.

Very, very simple thing you can do just to keep track of all that. And then the second thing from a team perspective, what we do is we also love Asana. So Asana, you can use any board creating type of product.

Any board creating product can work with us. Just the main things here is to do. Doing, ready to launch.

And then, yeah, pretty much. We don't really use post-launch much. Oh, yeah.

Actually, we do use post-launch. So to do, this is where I'll basically just go and I'll write the script on here. You can create these little tasks.

So, like, let's just say, for example, 147. I can create a task, 147. And then I'll just copy over the hook.

The hook is just basically the name for that. I'll sign that to Simon, which is just my video editor and stuff. I'll give it a due date and then I'll basically just give all the information.

Here's the hook I want to use. Here's some inspiration for those images. And I'll let my visualizer go do that.

And then from there, once the remove them off that so he doesn't get the notification. Sorry about that, Simon. Then from there, once he starts actually working on it, we'll put on doing.

Then he'll put, he'll move it over to ready to launch when it's done. My media buyer will come, see something's ready for launch. Once we, once it's that day for launch period, because like I said, we'd like to do every seven days.

We'll go, we'll launch these, move them over to post-launch. Post-launch just means it's been launched. And now we're just waiting for that data.

And then from here, once it's done testing, we'll just mark it as complete. And then it'll go into our completed column right there. So, yeah.

As far as that, other tools we like to leverage is frame.io. Frame.io is phenomenal when it comes down to like sending creatives for review and stuff like that. Let's see if I can find some really quick right here.

Creative assets. Yeah. So this is frame.io real quick and y'all can see this.

This is where you can like review it and get feedback to your video editor. So that's one thing we like to leverage. And then another thing we like to leverage is just like Adobe Suite as my video editor team uses.

And then if we need to hire like UGC creators to actually create out a script, we use incense.pro. So, yeah, that's it. And then every week, it's just consistently looking at this, doing the research.

All of our ad ideas come from research. We do the research. We get that idea.

We then go create the ad. We put all that in here. And then that's it.

And that's literally how we test Facebook ads. And, I mean, we test anywhere, like I said, five, four to five concepts or one to four concepts every week for our clients. And we probably create around 50 to 100 concepts a week just between all of our clients and stuff.

I spent over a million dollars a month like this for our clients at our agency. So, if you're actually interested in working with us on the agency side, click link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And then if you want to actually, for me to review your ads, me to come in and help you and look at your ad account and stuff like that and review those things with you, click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll chat with y'all later. Peace out.