Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and I have a really cool video for you guys today.

I've actually been working on my course, Elegant Ecom, putting together content for you guys. And just as a subscriber, you know, we just crossed over 3,000 subscribers. I really just want to come on this video and say thank you guys so much for hitting 3,000 subscribers.

I mean, that means the world to me. I absolutely love everything I'm doing with like the Facebook ads, the marketing, everything. And I started this channel simply to just share my knowledge because I know other people are facing that issue right there, facing some of the issues I've overcame.

And I love that I can help people, you know, save time, save money with their Facebook ads by simply just showcasing these videos and stuff. Now, with that being said, I never really want to go into the course world and stuff like that, but I get so many DMs every day. I mean, five, six, 10 DMs every day from people asking for coaching, asking for mentorship and stuff.

And quite frankly, just between managing clients for the agency and managing my team and everything, I just don't have the time. And I have to charge a lot per hour. And, you know, just for like to put things in perspective, I charge $300 an hour for hourly consulting.

And I do anywhere from an hour to 10 hours with some clients or some people that reach out to me. And this course is going to start off at $497 USD for the first 50 people who get in for the first launch. And it's going to do 10x more than what any consulting client like can get because I'll break it all down for you.

You better understand everything from scratch. So with that being said, I want to, as a thank you for 3000 subscribers, kind of giving you guys a preview of what the course looks like, essentially. So I'm going to give you just kind of like one little video.

We're going to talk about the five stages of market awareness, which is going to be, you know, very, very impactful for your brand in a second. I'm going to explain why, but it's basically going to help you create ads that convert like wildfire. It's going to leverage a bunch of marketing fundamentals.

I'll show you in a second. So with that being said, guys, thank you all so much for 3000 subscribers. And here is an excerpt from Elegant Ecom, my course that will be launching very soon, where I'm going to take you and show you everything.

Go from A to Z for Ecom, Facebook ads, marketing fundamentals. Again, I never really want to start a course. And I'm not like I'm not giving you a dream that you're going to buy a Lamborghini or something like after this.

I'm not promoting any of that at all. Like simply here's a course of all the mistakes I've made and how to like fast forward your progress. And like as a as a solid foundation, you can start with.

So you can go straight into what matters and knock out two, three years of playing around with all these things. And now you're going to go straight to focus of what matters and how to get results with marketing ads and in your Shopify brand. So that being said, here's the video.

So like I said, today we'll be talking about how to create Facebook ads to convert. So new kind of strategic guide because most people do not do this. I know 90% of the people that watch this channel do not do this.

So it's technically new in terms of, you know, not everyone's doing this or what I'm about to show y'all. And again, we're not going to be talking about AB or CBO in this video. We won't be talking about photo or video ads, 30 day retargeting or 180 day retargeting.

In fact, we'll be talking about this video will far surpass all of this. And it was projected my ads career to doing over $4 million in the last 12 months for our clients. And just because I don't show enough case studies, here's just a few right here.

Screenshots of Shopify, Facebook ads, all that gorgeous data right there in sales. So let me introduce you to a problem. Problem is different people need different messaging to get them to the next stage in the buying cycle.

So for example, if you've been to my website five times, I'm not going to need to present you a brand awareness ad. And if you've been, if you're completely cold to the brand, I don't need to give you a discount for your cart expiring. So what happens is, is different audiences need different messaging and different messaging needs to be introduced to the right audience at the right time.

And this solution was actually solved by Eugene Sartre, which is probably one of the best copywriters in history. So this whole approach I take is from a strategic approach. It's not just something random I made up.

This is actually human psychology 101, which I'm going to show it to you in a second. And this was solved by Eugene Sartre. Like I said, he's the best copywriter in history.

He wrote the book Breakthrough Advertising. It's where I get a lot of my kind of like strategic moves from. Highly recommend picking that book up.

And he developed this concept called the five stages of market awareness. And the objective with this is to deliver the right message to the right audience at the right time. And that is where a lot of people I know that a hop on consulting calls with fail at.

They're running one ad and it's just like this cool product. And they're like, why aren't you getting sales? And they're getting a few sales on it, but they're not profitable.

I'm like, okay, well, look, you got all these different people and we need to change up your messaging. We need to change up a few key concepts. We need to add in more of a funnel.

You know, the Facebook ads funnel, tofu, mofu, bofu. And then it's like, what type of content to put at that each stage? And that's where we're going to dive more into this video.

So the five stages of market awareness are, it's number one, unaware. It's the biggest size. I'm going to show you in a second, like more of a diagram of this.

It's the biggest one. Then number two is the problem aware people. It's the people that are aware they have a problem, but have no clue for a solution on how to solve that problem.

Then number three is a solution aware people. They're aware of the solutions to their problem, but they're not sure of which solution they want to take action. Then you have product aware people.

These are people that are aware of who you are, where you fit at solving their problem with your solution. And they're just unsure yet whether or not you're the best fit. And then number five is the aware people.

These people that are aware of your products. They're aware of your pricing. And all they're looking for is a great price.

That is it. And if we look at this on a massive scale, your unaware people are going to be huge. These are going to be like a million and a half.

Like for example, you're a million people, but this is probably going to be hundreds of million people. Then you have your problem aware people. It's probably one-tenth of your unaware people.

So these people are aware of a problem they have. Solution aware people. These are people that are aware they have a problem and aware of the solutions to fix their problem.

Then product aware people. These are people that are aware of who you are, your product. That is a great solution to their problem.

Then aware people is people that have been to your website, out of the cart, all that good stuff. And again, super, super small. So size 100 compared to size a million.

But now that you understand that, why is this important for scaling? It's because we need to craft ads for each one of these stages. We don't need to necessarily take someone from unaware to aware, but we definitely need to be targeting, which 90% of people already do on Facebook, problem aware and solution aware people, and be able to better understand how our messaging applies to these stages of awareness.

And then also too, we need to understand how we can target unaware people to get more people into the pipeline and basically convey more people over. Now, aware people, we need to understand that how we can get them purchased now. And then product aware people, we need to understand what messaging and stuff, we need to give them to be able to pick our product out of all the others on the market.

So let's dive into understanding five stages of market awareness and how you can implement this into your advertising. So number one, like I said, unaware people. So our demographic we're going to use for this video, as an example, is men 30 to 50 who live in the USA and are overweight.

Now, just because they're unaware does not mean you can still categorize them in certain ways. So overweight people, they understand they are overweight, but have no interest with changing their lifestyle. It's not a problem to them.

They're like, oh, I'm overweight, but okay. They continue to live their life how they normally live it. And this is unaware people.

So ad copy, and also just to reframe on this, this is going to be the hardest concept right here to enter in, the hardest market to enter in. And that's why it's very tricky if I enter it. And it's one that we don't really focus on too much.

But as we're scaling accounts, we're going to want to start hitting these type of markets right here. But here's an example ad, kind of a theme or concept you don't want to create when you're going after unaware people. So you want to leverage a shocking statistic, fact, something that these people understand or creates like an urgency or a reason to problem their life.

So 7,500 Americans die every day from being obese. That's a fact. So if we take that fact and we put it on the over, like in front of someone who is overweight and questioning or just overweight, what we're doing is basically we're doing is now like, oh shit, okay, 7,500 people die every day from being obese.

And it's like, okay, that might actually, hey, this might actually be a problem right here. This is overweight thing. This might be actually a problem.

Luckily, there's never been a better time to lose weight than now. So now we're kind of leveraging, we're going from unaware to now we're starting to like, hey, 7,500 American people die from obese every year, but it's okay because there's never been a better time to lose weight. So like, it's okay.

Like, don't freak out because there's solutions to your problem. So with modern age diets and exercise programs, there is no more running on a treadmill all day or eating rabbit food. So now we're starting to, okay, go into those kind of concepts that they've probably always understood their whole life.

Like, oh, if I want to lose weight, I got to run on a treadmill all day. I got to eat rabbit food to lose weight. And so now I'm transitioning as I'm going through this.

In fact, now you can eat the things you love while losing weight. So I'm stating another fact. Okay.

So a lot of these diets, you know, they have you on all these crazy things, but now with our diet, you can eat what you love and still lose weight. Introducing calorie counting. It's like a budget for your diet.

So now I'm like, okay, here's why it works. And now I'm going to start going a little bit more into the key problems, demonstrations and stuff like that, social proof. But you can see right here that I'm starting off with just a shocking fact.

7,500 Americans die every day from being obese. Then I'm going in there and I'm really just kind of ticking on. Okay.

They're probably overweight because their whole life they've thought it's really difficult to lose weight. They're probably overweight because, you know, modern diets are like their belief of a diet is eating rabbit food and running on treadmill all day. So I'm knocking those objections down before we even get to those later in the funnel.

So now I've just introduced my product and my brand to the market. Now again, unaware people, this is very higher, bigger market. This is when we're feeling capped out or we're trying to expand into new audiences and stuff.

We're going to run unaware. So this is like, it's the last one out of all of these you're going to want to test. Now, problem aware and solution aware we're going to cover now.

These are the ones that 90% of advertisers on Facebook are really hitting in the market right now. So problem aware. These are people that are, again, they're overweight, men 30 to 50, live in the USA and are overweight.

But here's the key difference. Being overweight is a problem to them. They have no idea where to start and lose the weight.

So they understand they're overweight is a problem to them. They hate it. And they want to lose the weight, but they have no clue where to start.

They're not solution aware to their problems. They just have a problem. Now, these people, the difference between unaware and aware and problem aware people is these people actually have an interest in changing their lives.

It's just they don't know where to start. And that's totally okay because that's where we come in. So here's an example.

Losing weight doesn't seem, doesn't have to be as complicated as it seems. So again, just leveraging something they're probably telling themselves in their mind. Hey, overweight.

It's very difficult to lose weight, et cetera. Very complicated. Don't know where it starts.

But then it says losing weight doesn't have to be as complicated as it seems. Okay. Hey, got my interest.

It comes down to one simple concept, burning more than you take in. So literally go in there and just kind of introducing of like making them believe what I'm saying. So, hey, okay, that makes sense.

You know, lose weight. You got to burn more than you take in. In order to do this, we must do critical things.

Try to move more daily and track what we put into our bodies. So I'm trying to introduce the concept of our product right here. And again, just carrying people through the sales process.

So they went from problem aware to, okay, what's the solutions like to this problem? Comes down to one simple concept, burning more than you take in. So like I'm making it seem, making it easy for them to understand.

In order to do this, we must do two critical things. Try to move more daily and track what we put into our bodies. So I'm breaking down how we do it, how we lose weight for them.

And then I can introduce our product next, you know, right here. But just that first opening kind of wave we target this market. And also to keep mind that this is not necessarily have to be ad copy.

This could be a video ad with a very short, you know, piece of ad copy and just let the video do all the selling. This could even be, you know, something you do in your creative, like as a photo. This doesn't just necessarily have to be ad copy specifically right here.

Cool. So and also too for the people that like, hey, this does not apply to me. This is, this definitely does apply to every single product on the marketplace.

I think the only thing that really, you know, and even like with high-end luxury people still have not necessarily a problem, but they're more like desire aware. So like this could also be, you could also like do problems slash desires. So like if they want to take a trip to, you know, Turks and Caicos, but I don't know, they just have a desire for it.

Then they're desire aware, but they don't have the solution for it. Then we can start breaking down the different solutions and how we help people with a desire to go to Turks and Caicos. You know, maybe they have a desire for a new summer outfit, but they don't know where to go.

They don't know where it's like what place they want to go to. Then we can start introducing our brands. You know, our clothing brand has the perfect summer outfit for you.

Here's why. Essentially, here's why our solution is the best one for you. So you can do this with clothing.

So I know probably have a lot of people saying, oh, you can't do this with clothing, et cetera. Yes, you can. You just need to think creative.

Think outside the box. Pull your step back. You're thinking too close to the shirt.

You're not thinking more into the consumer's mind. With clothing, a lot of people miss out that right there. They're focusing too much on their product they're selling and not enough on the consumer.

And their consumer's mind. And why consumers buy clothing. So next one.

Solution aware people. So this is men 30, 50 who live in the USA and are overweight. Same demographic.

But these people are actively looking at diet solutions to help them lose weight. So they went from unaware. They maybe heard a shocking fact somewhere.

Then they went to problem aware. Now these people are aware that they have a problem. And they want to lose weight, but they don't know where to start.

So they went on Google. Maybe they looked up how to lose weight. They found out that they need to lose.

They need a diet. A good diet. But now it's like, okay, there's keto.

There's calorie counting. There's, I don't know, these random, these, you know, intermittent fasting. Like there's all these different types of diets.

But which one is the best for them? So, and again, these are all cold people. These are people that we're not going to have to like do a funnel where it's like tofu one, tofu two, tofu three, where we take them step stage by stage.

And in fact, you know, you can take someone from unaware to aware of one ad. You can take someone from problem aware to aware of one ad. And you can take someone from solution aware to aware of one ad.

It's super simple. But these are three different buckets of people that just need different types of ads of how we introduced our business to them, essentially. So actively looking at diet solutions to help them lose weight.

The only weight loss diet that allows you to eat whatever you want, when you want. So this is kind of leveraging the fact of, okay, the only weight loss diet. So this is like positioning our diet in front of all of them.

Like, hey, none of them allows you to eat whatever you want, but ours does. We're the only one that allows, that does this. Most diets have been doing some weird stuff, like cutting out essential muscle fuel that we're genetically engineered to have.

So this is kind of my way of just like slinging at like keto and stuff right here. Cause I'm personally, I'm a big calorie counting guy. Just, you know, for that's how I do all my dieting in real life for like bodybuilding stuff, not a bodybuilder, but I like to follow a lot of the diets.

Anyway, back to the video, that was my kind of like jab at other brands. So most diets have done some weird stuff, like cutting out essential muscle fuel that we're genetically engineered to have. So my just strike a keto and stuff.

Calorie counting is simple. You get a budget each day and then you choose how to spend that budget. So I'm basically just out of all these different diets they've seen, I'm introducing ours as the only diet allows you to eat whatever you want.

We just, you know, it's, it's nothing crazy, like cutting out essential muscle fuel. So it's all about how I'm positioning this diet in front of everyone else. And then calorie counting is simple.

So I'm making them believe it's simple by you get a budget each day and you choose how to spend that budget. So we're not doing any type of crazy, like, you know, 12 hours of no eating. Then the next day we're doing eight hours of no eating, or, you know, one day you're doing carbs.

One day you're not doing carbs. Like I'm literally just super simple. Boom.

So now we're properly positioning our solution in front of all the others. Now this also determines to do this a whole other video as well of the stage of sophistication of the market, which is a whole nother video. And basically that means is how much selling do we need to put into our solution?

So before, like, let's say before all these weight loss diets happen, like let's just say this was 34 years ago. And we want to introduce a calorie counting diet. We can literally just put this diet is simple.

You count calories, you lose weight. But now we have, because there's so many different diets to choose from, we really have to position hours in front and between all of those to make hours look like it's the best. Now product aware people.

So now we're starting to go into some retargeting stages. So again, these are three different groups of people right here. Unaware, problem aware, solution aware.

And we can hit ads at each three of these stages, but this does not have to be a funnel where it's like unaware people go into problem aware group, then problem aware people go into solution aware group. We can literally in one ad take someone from unaware to aware. So simple, say simple, but.

So number four is product aware people. So this is going to start targeting your engaged audiences, your video view audiences, people that visit your website, but have yet to add to cart. So product aware people, men 30 to 50 live in the USA and overweight.

That's our demographic. Again, they are now aware of who you are and how your product can solve their problem. So they've, you know, like I said, like just starting off there, they were once unaware people who are overweight.

Then they became problem aware. He heard some type of shocking fact of why they need to lose weight or they're going to die, et cetera. Now they're problem aware that it's a problem in their life now.

And they looked at all the different solutions online. They found out a good diet, the best one. And then now product aware is these people have discovered our brand.

They know we're offering a really good diet service for them. And it's, it looks a whole much better than all these other diets, but they're still not sold on us as like, as the best solution to their problem. So they're not aware of who you are and how your product can solve their problem, but they're unsure whether or not product is the best one for the job.

So this is when you're just going to want to create a bunch of ads like this. And you're going to target your engagement audiences, your video view audiences, pretty much all your warm audiences, except people who've added to cart. And this is going to be stuff like this.

Hundreds of transformational case studies, money back guarantee, live calls every week. So really kind of talking more about like why our product is so amazing. Like we do literally live calls every single week.

We do a customized meal plan for you. We do 24 seven support. Here's all the case studies of people that transform their lives on this diet.

Here's the doctor recommendations, like all that good stuff right there. It increases social proof and why we're the best. That's what you want to create in this particular area.

This is like when you're trying to like convey someone from that who drinks Coke their whole life and we want to transition them to Dr. Pepper now. And we're going to show off all the amazing stuff about Dr.

Pepper. It's going to make them want to go to Dr. Pepper and try it.

So you'll be creating a lot of ads. There's really no key concept of like, which is the best ad. You're just wanting to constantly sling different things like case studies.

We offer a money back guarantee. We do live calls every week, customized meal plan for e-com. You know, we do free shipping, free shipping and orders 99 plus we do.

Here's like all the amazing people that love our product. Here's like all the bunch of testimonials and stuff. Here's an unboxing video.

Here's why we're the best one in the market. You know, no other brands are doing what we're doing right now. Our USP, our unique selling proposition.

Now, aware people. We're on stage number five. So we went from product aware people to aware people.

These are people who went to your Shopify website, added to cart and just haven't purchased yet. Men 30 to 50 live in USA or overweight. Again, same demographic.

They are sold on your brand. I understand how your products can help them. But the price is the only thing standing in the way.

This is literally, that's it. The price is the only thing that's preventing us from working together. So this is when you want to do some ads like this.

Discount expires tonight. Get 20% off when you place an order today. You also want to promote.

You want to really retarget people that have spent long periods of time on your websites. Like website visitors, like 25% plus, you know, of key pages, add to cart audiences. Add to cart audiences are honestly the best ones to go for.

Because these are people that went through all these stages right here and then added to cart, but just haven't checked out for some odd reason. So they're sold on your brand, et cetera. You know, purchase any weight loss program and get a free month of prepped meals.

So like it comes to our website, you purchase one of our weight loss programs. We get a free month of prepped meals. How about that?

Like that's a really enticing offer. Buy one, get two or buy two, get one free. Buy clothing.

Come back, buy two, get one free. Limited time now. You get 50% off when you order today.

Get free shipping when you order today. You know, come back and complete your cart and get 20% off. Like just offers.

You want to run a lot of different offers. See which one works best for your brand. Just keep that going.

So product aware people and aware people as you build out your Facebook ads funnel, it's literally just going to be like the same ads. Like I'll run these ads like three, four, five months at a time without changing it up. Because all it is is retargeting people that's engaging in the brand.

And we're constantly cycling in new people with these three groups of people right here. So now that we've gone through unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, and aware people, this is going to be super, super important of how you're introducing this to your brand. So applying these key concepts will give you more structure to your ad account.

That is a fact. You're going to be able to deliver the right message to the right audience at the right time. You won't be just running one ad, targeting all these different audiences and stuff.

And it's going to be higher ROAS, higher profits across the board, leveraging key marketing fundamentals. So this is more marketing fundamentals. Whereas a lot of stuff you see online is, oh guys, you need to set up a MoFu, a middle funnel audience, put these ads here, works great.

No, this is literally leveraging key marketing fundamentals and psychology in the minds of the consumer. And then you want to just go ahead now and start creating content for each one of these stages. If you just go create one ad for all of them, it doesn't work.

And you're going to come in my comments and complain. That's not going to be the key here. You're going to want to test this thoroughly.

So you want to create probably 10 pieces of content, 10 different ads for each one of these stages, about 50 ads, test all of those. One of two X, your target CPA and all of them, really give them all a good rundown. And I'm guaranteed you're going to get some success with that.

I'm assuming your Shopify page and all that good stuff is also well put together. So, all righty guys, I really hope y'all enjoyed this video. I'm kind of going through just a quick excerpt from Elegant Ecom.

Like I said, this course is going to be very more, it's going to leverage more of like marketing fundamentals. So it's going to be a course on marketing as well for your brand. And it's going to impose some of the ad side as well.

I'm going to give you my funnel and everything like that. And the ads manager show you inside the ad account and stuff like that. Show you creatives that's worked well for me in the past.

Show you creatives that are working well for me now. I'm literally going to be very comprehensive with this course of giving you everything you need to succeed in this industry. So thank y'all so much for watching this video.

If you want to get on the pre-order list for Elegant Ecom, it's essentially where you can just put your email, put your information in for the course and just get email updates and stuff. I'll be doing an early release for this list. So make sure you click the link below.

And what's going to happen is you can just enter your information in and you'll be one of the first 50 people or get a chance of being one of the first 50 people on this private list before we go live with it on YouTube, because it's just going to get blown out of the water. I mean, we get 20 to 30,000 views per month on the channel. So for the first 50 people, it's going to be just not a chance.

So you need to be on this list below if you would like to get an opportunity. We want the first 50 people because after the first 50 people, the price will go up to $9.97. So you need to make sure you get on that list if you want to be at the $4.97 price tag.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Click the link below. Sign up to get the opportunity for the early access.

My name is Nick Theriot. Make sure to like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday.

I'll talk to you guys soon. Peace.