This is the exact system that I use to scale e-commerce brands from $100,000 a month to $1 million a month in revenue. I've taken dozens of brands now to a couple hundred thousand dollars a month and a handful of brands now to over a million dollars, most specifically e-commerce brands. And today I want to talk about the exact action steps I take that are high leverage, low time consuming items that you can take and help you replicate some of these success.

Starting with number one, which is understanding the offer itself. Now, the offer itself is not necessarily going to be like 50% off buy to get one free, but the value that someone gets when they purchase your product. One, if there's other products like yours on the marketplace, then we should be able to see a clear reason why people would want to purchase yours over their competitors.

That means your offer is in solid standing. As simple as it is, we want to see that, hey, if I put your competitor's product on the table and your product on the table, there's a clear reason why someone would want to purchase your product itself. Give a great example here.

I was looking at AG1 or athletic greens itself. And if you go to their website, you'll see there's two options. You can purchase one packet of their greens for $100, or you can subscribe and save.

And if you subscribe and save, then what's going to happen? Well, you're going to get a pack of greens, you're going to get a shaker, you're going to get a travel pack, you're also going to get some other vitamins, and you're going to get another type of container. You get all of this value, and it's $20 cheaper than purchasing a single pack.

So the offer right there is amazing of everything you get. They thought about, okay, hey, this person, we're going to give them so much value that it's hard to say no, we're gonna give them a shaker cup because we know that we ship them a bag of greens, they're going to need to put it in something. And what if they don't have that?

The next thing is, what if they travel? Likely, some of these people are going to be traveling and going places and stuff like that. So what if we give them a few different travel, like little packets they can use to essentially go ahead and you know, like travel, low, too short, so we don't have to bring this big bag around.

Then the last thing they did was, hey, let's ship them also a container they can pour the bag of greens in. So that way they don't have to just deal with this little flimsy bag when they're using this. And then on top of that, as a bonus, they also give in slipped in a product that they want you to try and test because they know if you test this product, you're going to want to go purchase other products from the store or that product in the store at full price.

So this is a solid offer right there. And it's hard to say no, because it's only $80 a month right there. Now you don't get that full package every month, you get, you know, that one welcome kit, and then after that, you just get the bag shipped to your house every month for the $80 a month, but they give you so much value right then and there.

They're actually losing money right there, but they know the LTV so good that at first order, they're not really worried about being profitable one. Another great example here is my house purchased this house about a year and a half ago. And when I bought this house, I was looking for a bigger bed.

And I found this exact bed that I wanted at two different furniture stores, one furniture store, the bed was like four or $500 cheaper at and I would have gone had to go in by the bed, put it in some type of vehicle, transport it to my house, try to like get a few friends over to like carry it up the stairs and everything like that. I mean, this whole hassle right here. But instead, I paid more four or $500 over that.

And I got free delivery. I got someone to do all that for me. And I didn't have to go worry about hiring anyone or anything like that.

It was all bundled in. So the offer is not necessarily just price. The offer is all the value you get and you try to future solve problems for people.

So for example, in that particular bed example, someone sat down and was like, Hey, what problems are created by people buying my product? I know if I someone buys my product, you know, they're going to be having this problem now of having to get this bed in their house and it's be very difficult. So what if I just include free delivery with it, and I can mark up the product a little bit, there we go.

And then that offer works extremely well in that particular situation. Another great example is like Apple, you go to pretty much any store, AT&T, Verizon, any phone store right there, you'll notice that, hey, when someone buys my product, aka the iPhone right here, what's going to happen is, oh, okay, now they're going to need a joke screen protector, they're gonna need a phone case, all of that. And all those problems are created for that person.

And then boom, they have that ready for them. Unfortunately, none of that is free. And you have to pay for screen protector and case and all that.

But if Apple wanted to make a no brainer offer, it would include all of that. When you go purchase an iPhone, it is just like, hell, yeah, I'm coming in and I'm buying that right away. So that's no brainer offers right there.

I want to make sure that offer is solidified before we go ahead and start the scaling phase. Because if the offer is not solidified, everything else we do now, from there, it's just going to create a ton of problems. And it's going to be extremely hard.

I'm fully convinced now that like, yes, creative testing is super important. And yes, you know, like some of these other things like landing pages is super important. But just having a well structured offer right there, not just buy, to get one free 50% off five times bonuses and stuff.

That right there will do about 80% of the part for you when you try to start scaling and start to reach more people. Now that we know the offer is solidified, typically most 100k brands, this is already pretty well set. But there will be some tweaks when we come in to 100k my brand just to kind of like tweak that offer a little bit, then we'll move over to the ad account side.

Now inside of the ad account, the next thing I want to start looking at is just what is missing in the creative funnel in terms of do we have aware ads? Do we have product where ads? Do we have ads answering objections to the products?

Do we have ads that are answering questions to the product? Are we showing testimonials, our product versus other products exactly the same? Do we have solution aware ads?

Do we are beating other solutions, then move up to like problem aware and unaware and unaware, there's infinite amounts of ads we can create. And I really want to start working my way up that level of market awareness. So I can start reaching more people and getting more people into my funnel.

But I'll always start off an aware and work my way up inside of there. Now the next thing I want to look at is the actual creatives itself are the creatives congruent with the persona I'm targeting congruent with the desire awareness and sophistication I'm trying to I'm trying to go after and are is my creatives built to scale on Facebook ads? This is where I'm looking at camouflage camouflage is how do we position an ad to that looks like organic content, but it's a Facebook ad that's going to be natural to the platform.

It's gonna be built to scale on the platform. Then from there, I want to start looking now at okay, we have a really great advertisement that can scale. Now I want to start looking at landing pages.

And what is that sales conversation I need to have with someone? So for example, if I grabbed your attention with, Hey, come sit down with me, and I'm gonna show you a proven Facebook ad strategy that allowed me to scale nine brands to a million dollars a month to an under 30 days. Can you meet next Tuesday at this coffee shop?

It's like hell yeah, boom, they come into that coffee shop sit down with me, aka they're on my landing page now. Now what's that conversation you need to have with that person to fully sell them on that process fully sell them on that strategy, show them success stories and all that to where now I can get that yes that I need from them to buy that product. And that's where my landing page will come in play.

And depending on the stage of market awareness, this may be a listicle, this may be a long form sales page, this may be an avatorial, this may be a VSL, but usually almost all the time, it's gonna be an avatorial or listicle. And I'm only going to go to VSLs if the avatorial is crushing, then I'm gonna go to VSL with just that avatorial as the VSL if that makes sense right there. Now that we have our offer dialed in, we have our creative system dialed in, we have our landing pages and everything dialed in.

The next thing I want to start looking at now is dialing in the AOV, which I like to call margin stacking, where how can we get that AOV as high as possible to where we have more margin, more profit per order, so we can invest back into ads right there. So that way, if we're getting a high CPA, that's not profitable for us, we can increase the margin, which will make that CPA profitable for us. That's the way I like to look at it right there.

So that's the first thing I want to look at. This might be things like installing the frequently bought together app in Shopify or the UFT cross sell upsell for like the in cart upsellers right there. And what are other products I need to add, go back to you know, the AT&T store, you buy an iPhone, the first thing they want to sell you is AirPods, screen protector, and phone case.

So these are all key things that they want to try to sell you after you bought that phone. So same thing here, I want to look at other products we can upsell people on. Now, the next key thing here is that you want to treat your upsells and like your AOV testing exactly like your creative testing.

I see so many times I'll tell people, hey, you improve your AOV. They go launch one little product on their store to improve AOV. It doesn't work in like I tried it didn't work.

It's the same thing as if you said, hey, I tried one Facebook ad and it never worked. Facebook ads doesn't work. I'm done.

That's completely false. You need to treat it with the same intention behind it. Now, we're gonna be able to afford a higher cost per acquisition.

And as we scale Facebook ads, I always see cost per acquisition rise over time. And that's okay, because we're improving our AOV to make that cost per acquisition work for us. And it's gonna allow us to scale to that million dollars a month really fast.

Now, the next thing I want to look at when we're scaling above and beyond a million dollars a month is retention. And that's testing other products against our customers to keep them back and coming by more and more. Same thing with Nike.

They started with shoes, then they went to socks, and they went to pants, and they went to underwear, then they went to t-shirts and jackets and hoodies and all of these other things outside and just shoes. The same thing here. We're starting with one thing, but what's the long term purpose of this brand in your customers lives?

All of the brands that we scale to a million dollars a month plus, and they've stayed there had at least 40% of daily revenue coming from returning customers. The beauty about returning customers is that you don't need to spend any money to get a returning customer come back. For example, Red Bull 20 years ago or 15 years ago when I had my first Red Bull, they had to spend money to advertise to me and get me to go in and buy a Red Bull.

Now, oh, I want a Red Bull. I go to the store and buy. Oh, I need another one.

Go to the store and buy. They don't have to spend any more money to convince me. So same thing here.

Once you actually solidify that first purchase and you have other products that people want, then what's going to happen is they're just going to go to your store and buy it and not have to really worry about it. And then you just simply use email and SMS to get these other products in front of your existing customers. Now, the problem with a lot of people have of returning customer revenue is, oh, I launched a product and it didn't work for me.

Same thing with AOV. You got to treat it just like creative testing. You want to launch a variety of different products.

You want to run customer surveys to your existing customers. So that way you can understand, hey, what is it that you want? So that way we can go build, launch and add to the store right there.

Now, if you do all this for a couple months straight and you put consistent pressure on all of these things, realistically, the only thing we didn't cover today is things like inventory management, things like, for example, financial modeling and stuff right there. For the most part, these are the main factors here that we put consistent pressure on when scaling a brand that allows us to help a client scale to the million dollar a month mark, specifically e-com clients and allow them to stay there and keep making money as they scale further. Now, if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

And if you want me to come in and help you scale and you earn at least $100,000 a month in revenue, then click the link below to book a call with me, help on a call with you, go over your ad account and give you specific feedback of what you need to do next and how I can help you specifically. And then if you're doing less than 100K a month and you want me to review your ad account, give you feedback, review your ads on a monthly basis, then click the link below to have Nick to mentor you. Thank you all for watching.

Hope you have the rest of your day. Peace out.