Hey, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and over the next 14 days, I'm going to show you the exact systems and processes we've used to generate over $20 million in online sales with Facebook ads.

We're going to go over how to craft a winning offer, how to build high converting Facebook ads, and how to scale Facebook ads to hit your revenue goals with inside your business. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriault and I've generated over $20 million online utilizing Facebook ads. We are a Facebook ads agency and we only work with clients.

So the 20 million does come from client revenue and we work with clients across e-com, app installs, and lead generation. We're also a Facebook accredited agency through their Facebook partner program. And we have spent over four and a half million dollars just in the last six months.

These systems and strategies I'm going to show you are the exact systems and strategies we use for an account spending $100 a day, all the way to an account spending $15,000 a day. So buckle up and get ready because over the next 14 days, I'll be pulling everything back and showing you step-by-step what we do and how you can implement this into your business. And at any time you're curious of how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals, click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll do a free strategy session together and we'll go ahead and give you that strategy to where you can either take it and run with it or you have the option to work with us if we think you're a good fit. That's the right there. So buckle up and let's get started.

All right, guys, how to run Facebook ads in 2022, part six, ad testing. In this particular video, we're going to go over how we test our ads and how we find winning ads inside of the account. So that being said, again, how we test and find new winning ad concepts on a weekly basis.

Again, this whole video as mentioned in part five is based off how we did $137,000 in 30 days, 2.58 ROAS, $38,000 in profit. That's after COGS, all that good stuff right there. And we only use these three campaigns.

Video one, we talked about, or part five, we talked about ads holding containers set up. Part six, we're talking about testing. And in part seven, the finale is we talk about our prospecting campaigns where we spend majority of our money at.

So again, this store came specifically from $16,000 when we started with them back in September of 2021. And we basically did these numbers in June of 2022. So just want to get kind of clarify that.

And again, I already went on a tangent about the ROAS and everything like that. I'd recommend watching part five or go deeper into, you know, about the ROAS, you know, how it's different for everyone, what affects ROAS. And yeah.

So that being said, let's kick off this video. So our testing campaign, this is what the campaign purely looks like. It's very simple.

Okay. And the reason why the purchases aren't showing up right here is because I have two different attributions. I tested at one point in this campaign and I'm going to show you all of that in a second.

You'll be able to see all that in a second. So it's just from a campaign perspective, you can't. So yeah.

So TS, again, it's just the initials for my agency testing because that's what this campaign is for. WC stands for website conversions. Guys, this is a website conversions campaign.

I think Facebook's calling it sales campaigns now, or just like sales. So it's what you're optimizing for. And then ABO stands for ad set budget optimization because we are using ad set budget optimization for this particular campaign.

Now, why? Why are we creating a separate testing campaign? Some people really knock this.

Some people love this. It's a very big controversy around using a dedicated testing campaign. Okay.

I've tested a lot. I've tried a lot and this is everything that basically always came down to. So we want to basically control the amount of spin our testing ads get.

And instead of throwing them in a pool with 90% of our daily spin, because guys, we used to go ahead and have just one campaign prospecting and have like a thousand dollar a day or $10,000 a day. We've had $18,000 a day CBO, $22,000 a day. We've, we've, we've rerun this regardless if you're spending a hundred bucks a day or $22,000 a day on your account.

We run this exact same ad account structure. Okay. And if we throw an ad that we create and we don't put any spin to it, we just immediately throw it into our prospecting campaign with all of our budget.

What essentially happens is that now you're throwing an unproven asset or ad into a campaign with a super large budget. Okay. When you do this, if Facebook, for some reason thinks this is an amazing ad, even though it's not converting properly, it's just getting a lot of engagement and Facebook uses engagement a lot when it's, you know, identifying what ads to spend more on in your selling campaign.

And if it identifies as a winning ad and it's not getting purchases, then guess what? It throws a bunch of money at it and it burns a fuckload of your money. We've had this happen from time to time.

Again, every time we use one prospecting campaign to test and scale our ads in the same campaign. So that's why we do not use that at all. We don't recommend it had way too, I can sleep at night or I can sleep well at night.

I can go a whole week without checking out accounts because I know that the, our scaling campaign is with proven ads and we don't have anything in there that could possibly randomly be a new ad that could, you know, kind of like jump in there and start taking a bunch of spin. Now that's why we do this. And then also too, it gives us a dedicated control environment to test all of our ads.

So, and guys, I tried it all. I'm telling you, I've tried it all. I've been using this strategy for over a year and a half now.

Okay. And I've tried everything on the market. I've tried so much with testing ads.

Okay. And I always resort back to this method. It provides me the most consistency and it's provided me the most success.

Okay. So I'm really happy to share this with you guys. So going into campaign setup, it's very simple.

Again, we're creating campaign, it's campaign name, campaign objective conversions. And again, it's me, ABO campaign. You can see this campaign has even has more than 70 ad sets because I've actually been running out of this campaign for a long time now.

So next thing, ad set level, what does it look like? What's the craziness behind this particular campaign? So again, I have over 70 ad sets in this account.

No, they are not all running. In fact, only like five or what, like eight of them are running right at the time of this screenshot, but I turn them off as time goes. And basically each week we're creating, you know, from one of three new ad sets in this campaign, we run them for a week or two, and then we turn them off.

And then, you know, we just keep adding in new ones. And it's not like I'm just going in there and just like duplicating an asset with a bunch of different stuff. I'm gonna show you the exact craziness behind it in a second, but each ad says basically a new set of creative new set of copy or a new set of, or like a whole new kind of like concept and that perspective right there.

I'm gonna show you exactly how all that's structured in a second, but I just wanted to show you ad set level what this looks like. Now, I just want to get you guys familiar with my ad set naming. Okay.

So it's batch number, whatever type of line, location, gender, age, audience, AP, which stands for automatic placements. And then OPER, which is basically just means it's optimized for purchases. If I'm optimizing for a page post engagement, I'm gonna do OPPE.

If I'm optimizing for traffic, it'd be OTR. If I'm optimizing for ads card, it'd be OATC. Now again, 99% of our clients optimizing for purchases.

Now, granted, we do have one account that's like app installs. We also have another account that's Legion and I put OLG for Legion and an OAI for optimized for app installs for app installs. So, but 99% of you guys watching this is gonna be purchase objective.

Okay. Now again, this is what it looks like. 100 US, cause that's batch number 100 USA male plus female 18 plus broad.

Again, I don't use interest or look likes, so I'm targeting broad 99% of the time or a hundred percent of the time AP automatic placements and an OPER. Now, if I was targeting specifically story placements, I'd put stories. If I was targeting specifically reels placements, I'd put specifically reels because yes, I have tested that before inside of this testing campaign because that's what this testing campaign is for.

It's where you create your, your crazy Frankenstein ad set targeting specific certain placements if you want on top of your ads as well. So like let's say for example, if I go create some reels and I want to target reels in this campaign, I'll simply just create a new ad set batch number 95, that batch number five to 95 is tied into my backend. So basically saying, Hey, we're testing reels in this batch and it's targeting specifically reels or not really targeting reels specifically.

It's just the placement reels only everything else would be the same USA gender location, all that good stuff right there. Optimize for purchase. Long story short, just want to kind of tell you the differences of when I would do like different placements.

Um, but 99% of the time I'm automatic placements. Okay. Now what the hell is this batch number you keep hearing about?

So I use Asana, um, for all of my client management and basically each client has this little dashboard right here. So I'm giving you guys a little peek in the backside of the agency side. Uh, cause if you don't know, I do run an agency where we work with brands, the Legion space, the e-commerce space, and the app install space.

Um, so I just wanted to show you guys exactly what that looks like. Now again, all of this client resources, meeting notes, client responsible, none of that's going to be pertaining to this video. But if you see right here, ad concepts, this is where the baby, um, ad starts.

This is where a baby is made. Okay. This is where we start and actually start diving into creation of an ad, writing the copy, the storyboarding, the planning, the concepts, the ideas, all that good stuff right there.

And you can see right there, you'll see number 101 dash mother's day number one 14 dash what I ordered versus what I got number one 14 teacher posts. Now. Okay, cool.

That's literally just an error. I just noticed in the back, my backend that they both have one 14, but this actually should be one 15. So my video editor, Simon, um, we're gonna have to have a talk of this video, but long story sharp, each ad concept has a number tied to it.

So that way we know in our Google drive number one 14 in our frame that I O we use to review creatives to clients number one 14 in a sauna number one 14 inside of Facebook ads manager number one 14. So everything is tied up around what I ordered versus where I got number one 14. I grew drive folder, our frame that I O our ads manager, our sauna, everything is tied together to that one concept.

So we're constantly all know what we're talking about. Okay. And each batch, equals an ad concept.

So if we go back over here, batch 119, a 119 B they're both 119, but a and B, the reason why one's a one's B is because maybe we did an iteration or maybe we had two pieces of ad copy and we wanted to test both of them. Then 119 a all the, all the creative plus one copy or 119 B same creative, just a different piece of copy. So we can get two different tests, not perspective right there.

Okay. So sometimes we'll do like dash a or dash B or dash C D E F G H I J K L M L P Q R X T U V. Okay.

Like you get it guys. So batch equals ad concept. Now, what is an ad concept?

Okay. Each ad set is based around an ad concept. Okay.

So there's four different types of ad concepts. We test. Okay.

First one is a whole new concept. Okay. We go out there.

It's a whole new creative, a whole new body copy and a whole new headline. Okay. And this is usually when like we're launching a whole new product line, whole new product, or we just see a whole new concept that, you know, we have no creative or no copy already running in the account right now that would match where we want to shoot or want to pull off.

So we'll create a whole new thing. The reason why I'm against this sometimes is that there's multiple variables. Okay.

Everything here is controlled. We're looking at two, three, four. Now, number two, new creative times winning body copy plus headline.

Okay. So we're taking a new creative. Okay.

I go take three photos. You know, maybe one is me holding a product. One is the product of my desk.

And one product is just the product in a lifestyle. Okay. Then I'm gonna take my winning body copy.

That's relevant to that type of creative and that winning headline. That's relative to this as well. And I'm gonna test that because now I know the body copy has been working well in this account.

I know the headlines worked well in this account. And then all we're doing is limiting variables here because the only thing different is the creative and we can find new winning creative. Same thing for body copy.

We're going to take a winning creative plus winning headline. And we're going to, we're going to take new body copy, have three ads, each all with the same creative, each all the same headline, just a different body copy for each one. And then headline, same thing.

It's very simple. So each ad set right here, each ad sets around a different concept. You have no clue because again, our system and our naming is in the backend.

So we know that 119A might be new headlines or 120A might be new, new body copy. We know that, but from your perspective, you don't know that because you don't know what our backend system has like for each of those naming conventions. Some of these might be new creative.

Some of these might be new copy tests. Some of these might be new headline tests. Who knows?

That's all things that, um, you know, just kind of illustrate to you. Okay. Now examples.

Um, again, this is kind of just going back over another example in that perspective of, okay, cool. I have three pieces of body copy to test. Okay.

You know, I go right down, I go right three body copy pieces. Okay. I'll take the best performing creative with the headline.

Okay. So I'm not going to go like find the best performing creative. Then I'm not going to go find the best performing headline.

I'm going to find the best performing ad over the last seven to 30 days. And I'm going to pull the creative and headline from that ad. And I'm going to take that, remove that body copy attached to that ad.

And I'm going to create three ads each with a different piece of body copy that I want to test that way. I know that headline works and I know that creative works. So it's just a body copy that I am, um, essentially to call it, um, testing that perspective right there.

Okay. Same thing with creatives. I'm going to go find the best performing ad over the last seven to 30 days.

And I'm a pull the creative and headline from that ad and, um, or the body copy and headline from that ad. And I'm essentially going to take my three new creatives and put it against that. So that way I only have three new ads and each one is winning body copy plus winning headline.

And then just each one is a different creative. That is it. And then if it's a whole new concept to test again, this is where I'm doing something radically different than previous ads.

And we'll need a whole new body copy, whole new headline, whole new creative to make contextual sense. Okay. If you're creative in your copy, like, like let's say, for example, I've had a media buyer on my team before it do just all the fricking time.

Okay. I would tell him all this and everything. And then he would be, okay, cool.

Great. You know, say for example, he would look in the last 30 days and see, okay, cool. The men's men's jeans right here.

Um, this is the best copy for that. And then we want to test these new women's jeans. And then he would take like, like it just, it wouldn't make contextual sense in that perspective right there.

So make sure you're creative, your headline and your body copy make contextual sense. And so that way, if you don't have any on file already, creative for headline or body copy that makes contextual sense to wherever you want to test, then you have to just create a whole new concept from ground up. And that's totally okay.

Um, there's yes, some more variables and there's some stuff you can play around with, but that's just something I want you to realize now, how do we set this ad set up? Okay, cool. So we understand that ad set name, batch number, location, um, gender, age, audience, auto placements, yada, yada, yada, websites, purchase conversions.

I don't care if you just created your Facebook ad account five minutes ago, you need to do purchase conversions. Okay. There is no reason why you need to be doing ads to carts, review contents and things like that.

You want to target a audience that converts and purchases. You are targeting conversion purchase. I care less what you got to say about it.

Okay. It's outdated on the fact that you have to warm a pixel up. That is complete false information that was used a long time ago, but things are different now.

Okay. So purchase conversions. Okay.

Now we only want to exclude one audience here. Okay. We want to exclude people who have purchased in the last 30 days.

Now I'm just simply using a custom audience inside of Facebook, create new custom audience, purchase 30 days, and I'm excluding it. Okay. Um, if you want to link your Klaviyo and also sync your Klaviyo list purchases into as well, just to help out with 14.5 and things like that, you're more than welcome to.

Um, I didn't notice any performance differences when I did it. So that's why I just do purchase 30 days or the standard custom audience. Okay.

Now locations, again, this is going to be the locations you are advertising in. Okay. Now quick thing I did not put in this slideshow, but there is some of you guys who are doing different languages.

So say for example, you might be, um, targeting Germany or German ads. You want to be targeting USA with English ads. Okay.

In that perspective, you would have one batch for German ads and another batch with USA ads all of in the same campaign. So like, it'd be like one 19 a, that'd be the German ads targeting just Germany. One 19 B English ads targeting USA.

Okay. So just want to put it in that perspective right there. Okay.

This particular client targets Australia, New Zealand, same ads for both. So we target location. Like we put those both together that obviously age 18 plus shithers, yada, yada, yada.

Again, I don't do any lookalikes. I don't do any interest targeting. I don't do any of that.

Okay. Placements auto and that's it. I'm done.

Um, oh, and also seven day click when they view I've been using that as well. Don't try to like all this one day click seven day click all that. You can go down this rabbit hole.

That's just endless rabbit hole. Okay. Trust me.

And again, purchase conversions all day long. Now ad set budget. What are we setting these ad set budgets at?

And I recommend it at one, two, three X your target CPA. Okay. So this is three X our target CPA for this account.

Yeah. 50 bucks a day. Cool.

That's three X our target CPA in that perspective. Okay. So just want to make sure you guys wear that, you know, if your target CPA, which again, I'll show you in a second, here's how you find your target CPA.

Let's say for example, you have an AOV of a hundred bucks and your goal row as is three X, then you're going to take your AOV divided by your row as, and that's gonna give you your target CPA. So we take a hundred dollars. We divide it by three X.

We need a target CPA of $33. Okay. So if we're going to one to three X, then we're going to be going to multiply that by, okay, one X.

All right, cool. Ad set budget, 33 bucks. Honestly, I'll just put $30.

If we want to do a little bit more like two X, then that's 60 bucks. If we want to do three X, it'll be 90 bucks a day. So, and I honestly probably just do like, I'd probably do like 30, 60 or a hundred in that perspective right there.

So you can round up a little bit. Trust me, like five to $10 on a daily budget. It's not going to make the difference between your account making a bunch of money or not.

You know, for all you guys that are super, super, super technical and like, you know, you believe if you're off by one cent on the daily budget, your ad accounts are going to go crazy and like, you're not going to get the results potentials you want. Yeah. Like for you guys, like, trust me, it doesn't fucking matter in that perspective.

I'm trying to keep this real here for you guys. I'm being real as possible here. So, you know, for you guys, it's kind of new to the channel and you know, the way I talk about these things, like, I'm just trying to be as real as possible with you guys, um, based off my success of ads and what I've noticed and the stuff that I realized for so long, I cared so much about then realized I was caring about the wrong things that wasn't driving results.

And I had tied my thought process of what I think gets the best results to the wrong things. Now I tie my thought process around the right things that's going to generate my client's massive results. And these things are so little compared to what actually gets your client's results or what gets your store results or, you know, wherever you are at in this process now ad level.

So let's say for example, at four videos. Okay. Um, and this perspective right here at four different videos and I'm testing it against my main body copy that's worked well.

And I'm testing it also against my main headline that's worked well with that body copy. So that way the only variable in here, the location's the same, the audience is the same, the age and genders, all that's the same. The only thing different in this perspective is these four videos.

Cause I'm controlling the variables of which will affect our performance. Okay. Go look at the scientific method, scientific testing, all that stuff like that.

The goal is to eliminate as many variables as possible. So we only have one that you're purely testing. And that's what we're doing here.

That's why sometimes some people can get like crazy about the whole new ad concept. We're going to do everything different, but alpha also seen great success with that. So that's why I do a mixture of all of them.

Okay. Now you guys are probably wondering, Nick, you said something earlier. You don't do interest.

You don't do look likes. What the hell what's going on? Why broad?

Okay. So I look at as interests and lookalikes as purely a, a way to limit your success potential on Facebook ads. Okay.

So here's an example. Your target audience is within this gray box. Okay.

And then the blue is your target is like people you can actively like that's going to be your people that are going to purchase. Okay. So you're targeting this whole audience.

It's just in the gray box and your, your buyers is blue box. Okay. With broad, it does not limit my potential of targeting every one of my, my ideal buyers.

Okay. Now in this one right here, let's say I'm targeting a fucking interest engaged shoppers or not engaged shoppers, like maybe like men's genes. And you know, we only have like, we go from like 200, 300 million people here to like maybe 50 million.

Okay. Now all of a sudden you can see that I can only target certain amount of people that in here because some, like it doesn't give my audience, my audience is not completely in it or like my active buyers are not in this audience. So I only target a portion of them.

Okay. And same thing right here. This one applies hard limitations on targeting audience because it's barely in this audience I targeted.

So this is why a lot of you guys will start to find a winning ad with like an interest group or a lookalike group. You start scaling it up and you're like, wait, I'm already at 200 bucks a day and it's pro assets dropping hard. That's because you can't target as many people because you're limiting the platform to fit within this interest group or just lookalike group.

Okay. So that's why we go broad. And I personally don't even like to call it broad.

I like to call it unrestricted targeting because that's basically what we're doing here. We're not restricting the platform from learning and we're not restricting the platform from finding your ideal customer. Now, a lot of you guys probably like, oh my broad, we're going to target like people with penny shopping.

And no, that's a complete false statement right there. Okay. It's not, it's not, the machine's not dumb in that perspective.

And I'm going to show you in a second why, why I agree with that. Um, why I agree with the fact that it's not dumb. I'm going to show you proof why it's not dumb.

Okay. Second thing is we want to work within constraints. Okay.

If I launch an ad, I start testing it and then it doesn't work. Okay. Oh wow.

That didn't work. Well, maybe I can go create a bunch of lookalike audiences and interest groups and things like that and test against that. Then you'll spend another few hundred bucks and realize nothing changed either.

The ad was the problem. The ad was shit. And because of that, it did not work and not convert and not get you to performance you want.

Okay. So you have to work within constraints. Okay.

Cool. If I cannot change the audience, then all I can put, only thing I can control, actively control is testing new ads that are built better, actively convert, or I can improve my offer and improve my business. Again, I, this is part of the videos I put in the first half of this series that a lot of guys were skipping because you were waiting for this.

Well, guess what? Surprise. Um, if you guys actually made it here and actually took action on everything before you got here, then great.

You're going to be set up for a lot more success. Now the ad creates the audience. Okay.

This is something very powerful here. So the ad creates the audience. What does that mean?

Okay. So Facebook wants you to be, wants you to spend money on their platform. Okay.

Facebook also wants people to enjoy their platform. So it needs to take your money and then it also needs to make their consumers happy. Okay.

So your standard mom and pop that's up on Facebook, chilling, shopping, stuff like that. They want to make sure they stay on and they want to make sure they can take your money as well because they, that's how they build their business. So how do they make both consumers happy?

Well, they have to put ads that are relevant to those people in front of them. So that way they're getting ads that actually make sense to them, makes contextual sense to them. And in order to do that, it uses some very powerful software to figure out what type of people enjoy that.

And Facebook is constantly optimizing based off its reach. So it might reach a hundred people. And again, you know, there's, I'm not saying this with like, it's set in stone, like every hundred people it re-optimizes, but let's just say, for example, it puts an ad in front of a hundred people.

Okay. Reaches a hundred people. If none of those hundred people like it or engage with it and things like that, however, Facebook measures it, which is engagement, um, and action rate, and it's called bear.

And basically in that perspective right there, if none of those hundred people engage with it, Facebook's gonna find another a hundred people. And to keep finding those hundred people until it starts to get engagement, then once it starts to get engagement, it starts creating kind of lookalikes you don't even know about in the back of the platform, find more people around like those hundred people. And that's how it starts to really tailor into who is the ideal consumer for this ad.

So we look right here, I'm going to show you guys a clear example here. Okay. This campaign, the way it was structured, it was, you know, one campaign, one ad set broad, male plus female, 18 plus USA.

And I put these two ads in this particular ad set. Okay. Guess what happened?

KGD 47 or at 47 is a guy playing golf. Okay. 46 is a female playing golf.

Okay. I did a little gender breakdown in 47, the guy playing golf, it spent $10,000 with $617 on female and $9,400 on male. Why?

Why did it spend on male more than female? Because guys resonated with that golfer, the females, maybe they just thought he was hot, yada, yada, or interested in golf in general. Okay.

Now that being said, look at this other ad 46, the female golfer, $11,000 total in spend with $7,600 on female. The prior ad spent $617. Again, same ad set, male plus female targeting.

You know, I'm not, I'm not controlling specific male or female. I'm just saying here, Facebook, have fun. If male or female works, cool.

No big deal. You know, you find the right buyer and Facebook spent $7,600 on this ad. So in that perspective right there, Facebook chose that females responding better with this ad, it's going to spend more on females and 47 saw that it was spending, it was converting better on males.

So it was pushing to males. Okay. Now, yes, 46 did also have $3,900 in on male, which it was a lot more of a, um, you know, those, those, it wasn't as crazy of a split as this one, but come on, it was, it was a golfer.

She was really pretty guys seeing a pretty girl in a golf outfit. Like they're going to go crazy over it. So it was getting a good spin on both.

Um, and 46, we actually had a better KPI overall, um, for this particular account. Okay. So you know, for a fact now that running interest and look likes limit your success potential by reaching your ideal buyer.

Secondly, you're going to work within constraints because you're never going to second guess whether it's the audience or the ad, you're going to know that. Okay, cool. If this ad didn't work, it's not the audience, it's the ad.

And now you also know that the ad creates the audience. So Facebook is smart enough to find the people that will resonate with your ads. Now I do have a full 25 minute long video around this whole, like just really digging deeper into the theory and all this data and all this stuff like that.

You're more than welcome I'm gonna go check it out. Again, it's about 25 minutes long, um, where I go really further and broad, but you, I basically gave you the three key points of which you need to know before we go further. Now, once we get to the ad level, we basically need to start looking at it.

So we created our ad sets. We, you know, we're kind of going through like how the ad set structured, what type of ads we're putting in there and all that good stuff right there. Um, how do we actually manage this?

So let's say we go create an ad set. Boom. We create, create some ads.

We toss them in here. How do we manage this? So basically what I'm doing is, is I'm turning off ads that spent at least one X by AOV and is unprofitable.

Okay. So you see right here, turn off BG 08 because we spent one X to AOV and I turned it off. Okay.

Men's actually, actually turn off a little shy. Not going to lie. I just need something to articulate to you guys and show y'all, um, for this particular video.

Okay. So, and I'm also checking these on maximum right here. Okay.

The maximum maximum spend, what has spent one X AOV or more, and it's unprofitable. I'm going to turn it off and this will force spin to the other ads and that ad set. A lot of you guys like, well, Nick, what happens when you put four ads in an asset and all the spin goes to like in this example right here, all the spin went to one to seven and it barely spent on six, barely spent on five and it's been a little bit on eight.

There's nothing wrong with that because let's say, for example, it's seven and got all the spin. And if it was unprofitable, I would turn it off and the other ads would get spent. So you do need to realize that.

Okay. I'm not, I'm not worried about a perfect, I'll launch these four ads with a hundred bucks a day and each one's get $25 a day of ad spend. Um, Facebook is going to spend on the one that it believes has the highest success potential.

Okay. And I'm not going to lie with you guys. A lot of times, like we launched this ad set right here.

We let it run for a few days, came back, checked it out. We can start making our adjustments and stuff like that. And you know, there's very, going to be very unlikely that these two ads beat this ad because usually the ad that Facebook takes off, starts spinning on immediately is the one that usually works the best.

Um, and usually the other ones can't beat it. But again, we're just going to keep going down that list. So let's say for example, I'm going to let five and six get some spin or like, I'm just gonna let, like, I'm just gonna let this roll.

Like, I'm not going to turn off this ad to let others get spin. We found a winning ad. Our target, our goal row ass is three X.

We've got a 3.25. Don't even question about the data yet because I'm gonna show you guys in a second what I do for that. But let's just assume that, Hey, this is profitable.

Cool. Let it go. This is a extremely irresponsible for me.

If I saw this $4 spin, one purchase, 22 X rise. I can tell you, can't tell you how many of you guys are in the comments. As soon as y'all see this, I found a winning ad.

What do I do now? How do I, how do I throw a few thousand dollars a day at it? No, you, you, you can't because quite frankly, it's too soon to throw that money at it.

Okay. So in this perspective right here, um, this one 17 one is me a lot more likely to scale than this $4 one, because this one has a lot more spin with multiple purchases. This could have just been a one-off random purchase.

It's going to be an off one-off random purchase. That's why I want multiple purchases and a good amount of spin before I declare an ad winner. Okay.

And again, going back to what is unprofitable, any ad that is not within 10% of your goal row ass. So if my goal row ass is 3.0 at number one, does a 2.4, which is about 20% below our goal. I'm going to turn that thing off.

Add number two, 2.7. Look, I'm going to leave it on and hopefully it gets better. Let it run for a few more days.

If not, then Hey, I'm just going to cut it. But ideally at a low budget, I want to see substantially higher row ass than even my goal row ass before I throw large budgets at it. So I generally would be looking at about, you know, three and four right here.

Ideally is what I would want to see at least hitting goal rows or better is ideally what I want for my testing campaigns. Now, again, our goal here with this campaign is to simply find ads that we have more confidence in than ads that have zero data back it up. So again, going back through the whole process of why we set this up, this allows me to test anywhere from, you know, 10 to 20 ads a week.

Okay. I'm going to test 50 ads in a week before, like just the more, the bigger, the budget you have, um, the more ads you can test on a weekly basis and allows me to find ads that have some level of data behind it. That'd give me more confidence.

I'm not saying there are winners and I can throw all my budget on it next day, but they have, they give me more confidence knowing that they have spent behind it. They have worked well in the past. They have worked on low budget because look, if, if an ad, if I throw three ads together or two ads together, one does good on a low budget and one that's terrible on a low budget, likelihood of that one that did terrible on a low budget, it's not going to improve at all on a higher budget.

Now, the one that did good on a low budget, there's a very likely chance it's going to do good on a high budget. Okay. So I'm just simply trying to find assets I have better confidence in.

And so I might test 10 to 20 ads a week or three to six ads a week and find one winner each week and take that winning ad, putting in my prospecting campaign and I'm more confidence that that ads and it worked better. Okay. And then for winning ads inside of our winning testing campaign, let's see, actually that does not make sense at all.

Okay. So cool. So when we find a winning ad like this, for example, right here, BG seven, I basically wanted to spin a good bit.

So, you know, a little bit higher to my AOV, maybe one to two X my AOV, spin a good bit. And then I want to have a really good solid ROAS. My goal ROAS is a three X it's getting 3.25.

It's like solid, you know, this is pretty good. This is, this gives me more confidence moving into my scaling campaign. Okay.

And then obviously purely basing off ROAS without including spin is crazy. So again, basically going back to this example right here, you guys creaming over $4.8, like $4 spent on this one ad with a 22 extra rush. I'd be freaking out.

Oh my God, final winner. Let me throw a few thousand dollars. The ad is irresponsible because it only got one purchase coming to rain the purchase.

So I definitely want like five to 10 purchases, a couple good purchases on there. Again, some of you guys' situations will be different. So you just need to really focus on the fact of, Hey, what I need multiple purchases.

That's a fact. Secondly, what you'll start to notice. Okay.

So cool. Like let's take all my ads that spent one X AOV and have three purchases. Let's move that my scaling campaign and see if that works.

Okay, cool. Then, then you start to notice, okay, Hey, any ad that I doesn't have at least three to four purchases at profitable before moving to scaling campaign, um, it won't work. So like you need to start like kind of gauging for yourself.

Cause like we have some accounts that need like five purchases before we move from a testing campaign to a scaling campaign. We have other accounts where we're like, you know, 10 to 30 first, just cause it's such a low budget, like a, such a low ticket product that we definitely want a good amount. So, but generally general rule of thumb, one to two X AOV spent multiple purchases.

You can say five to 10. Um, it's just the only thing that's gonna be different for you guys. That's that's spending, you know, maybe have like $150 acquisition costs.

That's where it might be a little different for you guys. Now, what if an ad is profitable, but I need to turn off to let others get spend. Again, that goes back to this right here.

Hey, this ad's getting all the spend, but it's profitable. I am not going to touch it. I'm going to turn off the weak performing ad and that's it.

I'm not going to touch this. Okay. I'm not going to turn off seven to get more spend to six or five.

Cause it's just, it makes no sense. I found a winning ad. I found a good ad.

Um, it's hitting my criteria. I'm going to leave it on. Okay.

And I'm just going to let it chill. Nothing wrong with that. Now I told you guys I would address the tracking issues.

I do use triple wealth for all of my, um, tracking. Okay. This is a whole nother video.

I honestly don't even have time to touch it in this series, but I do have a really amazing video on the setup, installation, all that good stuff for triple. Um, I highly recommend you checking that out, but I am using triple well to make all my decisions in the ad account. So I just want you guys to be aware of that.

I'm using triple well to make all of my decisions in the ad accounts. Okay. You can see right here, Facebook is reporting a 2.79 row ass on this one 17 C and I'm seeing a 1.25 for us with a triple well, you know, there's some different ones right here.

Um, 106, a 3.3 row as on Facebook, uh, triple is reporting on 1.61. So I'm using triple wells data right here. There's pixel to give me accurate reporting on what, and you can even go all the way down to the ad level and see the specific ads and what each ad did right there.

So that's also another really good thing you need to look at. Again, I have a full video on this. You're more than welcome to check it out.

Um, and it's definitely pretty damn good in terms of like, you know, giving all the information you need now moving ads. So we talked a lot about setting up the, um, campaign. We talked about like how everything's kind of structured, but now you're like, Nick, okay, well, I understand the batches, I understand all that, but how to actually take like, where, like what's, what's going on with these ads?

Like, you know, are we creating the ads in that creative testing campaign or what? Well, if you go back to video number five in video number five, I showed y'all guys, showed you guys how to set up the ads holding container, or basically it's like a Google drive folder, organizational folder inside of your ad account. So how's all of your ads.

Now the gap is how do we move ads from that holding container to our creative testing campaign or our testing campaign perspective? Okay. So the first thing you want to do is set up your ad set.

So like, let's say for example, it's 122 and we want to test four new videos. Okay. So batch one, 22, four videos, we've done boxing videos, whatever, yada, yada, yada, go for it.

Okay, cool. So I'm gonna set up my ad set in my testing campaign. Okay.

Go on my testing campaign. I'm gonna set up my ad set. I've already gone through in this video, exactly how to do the setup for the ad set and all that good stuff right there.

So I'm going to go in and I'm gonna set my ad set up. Okay. Again, there's no ads in here because I need to copy them from another campaign.

That other campaign is my ads holding container. Okay. So let's say for example, July, 2022, we got our four actual images, actually not videos.

My apologies. These four images are all tied together for batch one 22. Um, maybe there are four different, like just illustrations, yada, yada, yada, but they're all tied together as in, they're all like the same theme in that perspective right there.

And the theme is not the image. The theme is what's articulated in that image. Cause sometimes I'll do like two images and two videos, but they're all around the same concept in that perspective right there.

So, um, I'm gonna select those four in my ads, hold a container, and then I'm going to hit control and C. Okay. Control C copies those ads.

Okay. And the reason why we want to copy those ads is that way we can go to back to our testing campaign. I can select the ad set.

Again, you have to do this at the ad set level and I can hit control V to paste those ads into that ad set. Now everything's good. We can roll now.

Okay. Now that's how, so we basically create that ad set. We put those ads in there.

I'm not creating ads inside that ad set. I'm just simply pasting them in there and everything is good to go. Make sure they're turned on and boom, you can start your testing process.

Okay. Now, um, here's to address the few people who are like, Oh, Nick, I have multiple products. Do I need to test?

Do I need to have multiple testing campaigns in that perspective? No, you don't. Okay.

Here's why. Because each ad set is tied to an ad concept. An ad concept can be, you know, men's jeans that we're launching.

Okay. So batch one 55 is all the, the men's jeans that kind of new launch and we can create all of our ads for one 55, which like men's jeans. So yes, each ad set can be different products.

If you want, there's nothing wrong with that. And you're constantly creating new ad sets. So it's like, it's never like you're going to, um, I'm trying to think of the best way to say this.

It's, it's not like you need to have a different, um, campaign per product or anything like that. Like there's no need for that. And then, yeah.

So very simple to articulate that. Now, Nick, do I increase the budget in this testing campaign? No, I never increased budget on my testing campaign ad sets that are left running.

So we go back into, let me just scroll up a little bit more. That's that budget. Okay, cool.

So you can see right here, these are three different ad sets. Um, 119 a 117 D 117 C and they're all at 50 bucks a day. Okay, cool.

I'm look 119 a it's running, it's working good right now. So I'm just leaving at 50 bucks today. I'm not scaling up because it's literally trading pennies on the dollar.

You know, um, I'm looking to put these ads in the campaign of a few hundred dollars a day and spending that perspective right there. Okay. So I'm not, I've never increased my budget.

Now I will increase the testing budget as I increase overall spin. So for example, we have one account that was spending a thousand dollars a day when we came on board and I was testing, um, $25 a day ad sets. Okay.

Now we're spending 18 or 15 to $18,000 a day. And I'm testing, I'm starting, I'm starting these tests out a hundred dollars a day. Um, and that is awesome.

Yeah. I mean, I'm honestly, probably start testing about two to 300 bucks a day now too, as well, but it's, it's allowing me to test that a little bit higher budget because our overall is spending a lot more. Cause again, our goal is to keep about a 90, 10 split 90% on our overall and 10% on our testing.

Um, some accounts will go through different phases of testing diversify or dilution of the budget, because let's say for example, on that particular account, we're spending roughly like seven, five to 7% of our budgets on testing on this account. You'll notice we were testing a lot this month and we spent about 30% testing. There's nothing wrong with that because as long as you're building every ad set, like every batch, your goal should be to build better ads.

So if you're constantly putting better ads in that account, it's going to leave you to find better winners, which will over increase overall budget. Okay. Next thing is what if my account is new?

Nick, I just set my ad account five minutes ago. Do I set up a testing campaign or do I set up a scaling campaign? Like, what do I do?

You're going to build winning. You're going to build this testing campaign and you're going to continue to find like build and find winning ads in this campaign first, before you are allowed to find a new camp to test on a new campaign. Okay.

You want to build, find new winning ads. And once you find these new winning ads, then you want to put them in your prospecting campaign. And once you put them in your prospects campaign and start scaling up and stuff like that, that's, that's gold.

That's your goal. Okay. Now, if you're, or, you know, if you built this campaign, you're testing ads and you're not finding any success, don't look at the account, look at your offer.

Again, um, go watch video. Number one, your conversion rate on your website and building better ads. Okay.

I can go create a hundred ads right now, but the problem is if I don't create those with the right intentions, those could all be a hundred failures. If I create, if I create with the right attention, I can create three ads and I can find maybe one or two amazing winners. So focus on building better business, a better product, better conversion rate, and a better ad every single time.

And you're going to continually define better success with Facebook and everything. All right, guys. Um, wow.

This was a pretty detailed video. I do have to say, uh, I'm sure it'll still be a few people below like, Oh, Nick, you, you actually didn't like go to as manager and do all this in front of us. And like, you know, this is just a big slideshow with the book, man.

Um, look, I'm sorry, guys. Like I work with clients on a day-to-day basis and I try to do my best to protect the integrity of my, um, accounts to make sure like no one sees like the names and things like that. And it's just way too hard to blur all that out.

So that's why I do these slideshow. It's just so much easier. And honestly, my target audience anyway is accounts that are already spending anywhere from a hundred dollars a day to a few thousand dollars a day on Facebook ads.

So they should, you should already be able to know a lot, how to navigate the account. That's not my goal. I don't want to, you know, if you're, if you're not spending anything on Facebook and don't navigate the account, that's quite frankly, that's just, you're not the right fit for this video.

So guys, next video is part seven, which is the finale. And we're going to be talking about actually moving our ads from testing and going into the scaling phase, which is more of the funner part. Honestly.

Um, I find that the testing side is a lot really deeper, but the, like when you guys see the other half, you're like, Nick, what's it? That's all you do. What?

You're a scam, bro. Can't wait for you guys to see next video, um, which should be dropping soon. So thank you guys so much for watching today's video.

Make sure you hit that subscribe button. If you're new to the channel and turn on subscribe notifications. So that way when I upload a new video, you'll never miss a single one.

All these videos at the end of the day are designed to help you in your business grow and hit your revenue goals, make you more money at the end of the end of the day. Hit that like button and drop a comment below of your favorite part of this video. Now, if you own a business and you're curious about how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals at profitability, then click link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll hop on a call together, learn a little bit more about your business. And if we think you'd be a good fit, we'll do a strategy session together. And on that strategy session, we'll give you, you know, actionable tips and stuff like that to help you grow your business.

And you can take that and run with it, or you have the option to work this if you choose. And if we think you're a good fit to work with us. Now, with that being said, thanks again so much for tuning in.

You should have a video somewhere up along the screen right here. That'll take you to another video. I think you may enjoy.

Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great rest of your day. I'll talk to you guys later.

My name is Nick Theriault. Peace out.