I want to show you today how to find more winning Facebook ads, specifically for those who are currently struggling with finding winning Facebook ads. And when I simply say, hey, test more Facebook ads, you don't really have a clear direction of where to go. So today I'll be going specifically how to actually go a little bit deeper into your creative analysis and what specific things you should test to create a bigger impact in your overall revenue for your business.

Now, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching us up to things, my name is Nick Therrio. I run a Facebook ads agency, done over $60 million online with Facebook ads. And I've also coached and mentored many students.

So if you're curious about how to work with me in terms of me running your Facebook ads or to be mentored by me, I have two links below to help you with either one in that case right there. Also too, before you get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So when I talked to a lot of you guys, whether it's like on student calls or, you know, whatever it might be, I talked to a lot of you guys and you're all like, Hey, Nick, testing new Facebook ads, and I'm not really seeing any performance or anything like that.

Okay. Like I'm not finding anything new winning. I'm like, okay, cool.

What are you doing? Well, I'll test some photos, test some videos. Like, okay, that means nothing to me.

Okay. And when I find a lot of people that are running Facebook ads right now, they're very low tier in terms of when they talk about their creative tests of what they're specifically testing for. Okay.

And yeah, they tell me something like photo or video, or maybe if it's a video, they're talking about, you know, different hooks. Okay. So hook one, let's see, hook one, and then maybe like hook two.

Okay. And these are the types of things that I see a lot of people talk about. All right.

Now the problem with that is, is that it's a very low tier test. Okay. And when do I mean by a low tier test?

It's a very like low educated marketing fundamental test. Okay. Joe's, you don't really have a big grasp of marketing fundamental shit.

Okay. That's what it tells me when you tell me things like this. Okay.

So then I'm like, okay, cool. Well, how can we take like one step back and look at like another level? Okay.

And then that's where we have add angles. Okay. So like angle one, angle two, angle three.

Okay. Angle one might be measure the speed of the claim. Angle two might be measure the size of the claim.

And an angle number three might be, I don't know, maybe something on around the lines of like, like a metaphor, something like that. Okay. So three different types of angles.

Okay. The angle is more of like the whole theme of the ad specifically. Okay.

Three reasons why measure the size of the claim, measure speed of the claim. Okay. Different angles.

Okay. And that's a start. All right.

That shows like you understand marketing fundamentals from some level, still work to go. And that's about it. Okay.

This will do significantly better than just being like neck, I did photo or video. Okay. Cause then you can take these angles and you can test different videos for that angle, different photos for that angle.

And that's going to significantly help you out a lot. Okay. But it's still not quite there yet because I do find a lot of people that fall in this bucket.

They do substantially better results than these people, but they still hit those ceilings. Okay. And that's when we go up to the next level.

Okay. Right above angles. Okay.

And this is positioning. Okay. Now positioning is how we position our product in the marketplace in front of the consumer.

Okay. And positioning is super, super powerful because it, again, if there's other products in your niche, then you have like a higher level of market sophistication. If you're, you know, your product has been around for a long time, they like to have a higher level of market awareness.

Okay. Or maybe you're advertising a product that people don't, are not even aware to the problem it solves, or it has very, very small quantities of people that are aware to what your problem, your product solves. Okay.

So in this case, when you look at the positioning and that falls between market awareness, a blend of market awareness and market sophistication. Okay. This is where we start to get to a little bit, the higher level marketing tactics.

Okay. This is like, oh shit. Okay.

Like things that has allowed me to go from $1,000 a day to 15 K a day in Facebook ad spend for one of our clients. We took another client from literally spend like a hundred bucks a day, 200 bucks a day, just spending two, $3,000 a day by changing the positioning. We've helped another client scale from 17 K a month to about, you know, close to about 250, 300 K a month.

Um, positioning is impactful. It's, it's very high level stuff that I don't see many advertisers talk about. And that's why I strive to be educating you guys on this, because I feel like everyone should be knowing these types of things to what actually drives performance, which makes those big impacts things in the business.

Okay. So then you can have certain different positionings. Okay.

So maybe we're targeting a product aware stage three market sophistication. Okay. So in this particular case right here, we need to focus on introducing a new mechanism into the marketplace that continues to satisfy the desire of our products.

Okay. What is the new mechanism? All right.

You guys, me just introducing positioning to you guys. A lot of you guys probably never heard of it before. I'm introducing a new mechanism, which is giving you a sense of hope right now.

And if you go master positioning, you're also going to be amazing at Facebook ads. Okay. Oh shit.

I didn't even realize that there was another one above angles. There's positioning. Okay.

I just gave you a new sense of hope. Okay. So in a stage three market sophistication, introducing a new tool, new tactic to give people hope again in the original desire, which is to make more money with Facebook ads.

Okay. So now I can take that at that positioning. All right.

All right. So for example, for us, maybe it's positioning itself, that's the new mechanism we're introducing ad positioning. Okay.

Well, what are a couple of different angles we could run around ad positioning? Okay. If you were going to sell a product on ad positioning right now, maybe it's an e-com a little, you know, I say e-com course, but maybe it's a like digital product course.

Okay. All right. So for us, angle one, angle two, angle three, three reasons why I love ad positioning, how ad positioning made me an extra $60,000 a month to my Facebook ads, or help, help me add an extra $50,000 a month to my Facebook ads.

Yeah. You know, different angles. Okay.

And then that whole angle is the theme of that ad. Okay. Then if it's three reasons why we love, you know, ad positioning or three reasons why I love ad positioning, that can test a few videos around it with different hooks at the beginning.

And then I can test a few photos on it as well. Okay. But there's still two more levels.

We got to go guys. Positioning is not the end of it. Okay.

So, but just to further articulate that to you. Okay. Now we're going to go to personas.

Okay. Because ad positioning is great. All right.

But there's still one above that. And that's the persona you need to master that positioning for. Okay.

So for example, like one of my personas and like my agency persona, the persona that works the best for me is Shopify business owners, 150 to a hundred K a month who are struggling to break through revenue barriers and are selling, uh, an AOV product around about, you know, anywhere from, um, $70 to about $150. It's not like our like core persona that works really well for us. Okay.

We do satisfy other customers as well, but that's like a core persona right there. Okay. So like that's one persona right there.

Okay. Another persona for me is lead generation businesses that are looking to spend about 30 K a month on Facebook ads. Okay.

Who have a high ticket sales team in the backend. All right. Another persona for me is, you know, I don't know.

I'm gonna just go with those two right there. Okay. So those are two different personas.

Okay. And then how I position my product or service in the marketplace in front of them with taking also an account of all the other products and services in the marketplace, that's going to greatly impact how I reach them. Okay.

Then there's the different angles of which I capture their attention. And then the different photos or videos I use to articulate my, my ideas, my messaging to them. Okay.

So the persona itself can have a massive make or break in your business. Okay. So the next level up is persona.

All right. But there's still one more guys, one more. All right.

And that is mass desire. Okay. And that's, that's completes the whole thing.

Okay. So mass desire. All right.

So for example, a mass desire is something that people want. Okay. It's a natural want across the marketplace.

Okay. So, and mass desire can be created as well, but you can't create masses. You can simply channel mass desire onto your product.

Okay. So for example, like a desire across the marketplace for Shopify brands is, you know, to make more money. Okay.

As a business owner to make more money, you know, to, to reach that first hundred K a month, have a desire to make a hundred K a month. Okay, cool. Well, how does, what feature and benefits of my product allows them to get there?

Okay. So that's one thing you first ask. You list all of your features for your product.

Then you list the benefits for each of those features. And then you connect that feature and benefit to the mass desire for your product. Okay.

Then you look at your personas for that desire. Okay. Then you look at the positioning.

Then you look at the angle. Then you look at the photo or video. Okay.

And if we take the whole step back right here, you can see the whole entire thing. All right. So I don't know where you're stuck at right now.

Okay. We'll just kind of crop that out a little bit right there. I don't know where you're stuck at.

Okay. You might be testing photos and videos with a winning angle, with a winning positioning, with a winning persona and a desire. And Hey, maybe it is something you need to do around hooks right here.

Okay. But maybe you're just focused right here and you've never even taken account all of these things. Okay.

So these were all very different things. That's going to have a great impact in your business. Okay.

And I've also listed it down like this to showcase the impact as it goes down. Okay. Desire is going to have a huge impact into your business.

Okay. Persona is going to have also a good impact in your business. Positioning is also going to have an impact in your business, but the one that's going to create the biggest impact is the different desires and then go all the way down from there.

Okay. Now don't get me wrong. Like you can have a winning desire, a winning everything, and then just like create a shitty, shitty, shitty video in terms of how you articulate your thoughts.

And then all of a sudden, like none of this works. Okay. So you also need to be articulate in your video or your photo when you create it, that it actually matches your particular, you know, desire, your persona, your positioning, and your angle that you specifically want to go for.

So this should help you expand your mind to where you're blind at right now, because again, you don't know what you don't know. And if you've been testing a lot of Facebook ads lately, what that's showing me is that you have a lack of breaking these down. And it also shows me that you are not prioritizing each test around one of these specific things specifically right here.

Okay. So if you want to speed up your success of finding winning Facebook ads, you need to prioritize the test for all of these and then run a test. Hey, we're going to run a test to see what angle works best on this particular positioning.

Okay. Maybe the first thing we're going to do is just figure out what the main desires of our product is. And let's do a test for each of those main desires.

Okay. And then you can go deeper down into the funnel. Okay.

That's going to give you a lot more confidence once you do find a winning ad that, that, Hey, we exhausted all of our other options. And this is the one that's improving the business from a revenue standpoint, the best. And we're going to keep scaling and building off this particular desire, persona, positioning, angle, and then all your different photos or videos specifically around that.

Okay. I would say like photo, like video and angle swaps out a lot right there, you know, like desire persona and your feature and benefit. This barely changes ever, but we do test the content.

Like, like we test this, like maybe once, once or twice every couple months. Whereas like, this is like something that's always being tested right here, you know, maybe like once or twice a month, whereas like, this is like, you know, a couple of times a week. Okay.

So the frequency is which you test these also goes down as you, um, or goes up as you move down this ladder. Okay. So once you find a desire, you don't need to keep testing for other desires.

You found a mass desire out of all the others. So just a little like tip on that right there. So, but yeah, hopefully this helps you out.

Hopefully this helps you like zoom out for a second and figure out what are the other things you're not testing right now in your business, which ultimately like this is always what leads to finding new winning ads is when you take a step back and look at things differently. And this is what's always created the biggest impact and performance for us. So hopefully this helps you out.

If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.