Hey, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and over the next 14 days, I'm going to show you the exact systems and processes we've used to generate over $20 million in online sales with Facebook ads.

We're going to go over how to craft a winning offer, how to build high converting Facebook ads, and how to scale Facebook ads to hit your revenue goals with inside your business. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriault and I've generated over $20 million online utilizing Facebook ads. We are a Facebook ads agency and we only work with clients.

So the 20 million does come from client revenue and we work with clients across e-com, app installs, and lead generation. We're also a Facebook accredited agency through their Facebook partner program. And we have spent over four and a half million dollars just in the last six months.

These systems and strategies I'm going to show you are the exact systems and strategies we use for an account spending $100 a day, all the way to an account spending $15,000 a day. So buckle up and get ready because over the next 14 days, I'll be pulling everything back and showing you step-by-step what we do and how you can implement this into your business. And at any time you're curious of how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals, click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll do a free strategy session together and we'll go ahead and give you that strategy to where you can either take it and run with it or you have the option to work with us if we think you're a good fit. That's it right there. So buckle up and let's get started.

So how to run Facebook ads in 2022, part four row ask goals. Now this is actually a fun video because there's actually really no main slideshow for you guys today. We're actually giving you guys a free tool today.

So happy for you guys sticking around. You're in for a real treat and you guys a little tool. Now I do want to have just a few words about row ask goals and things like that.

I personally, I get the question a lot, like what's a good row ask? Okay. You know, what is a good row ask to hit?

And that really all depends on the business owner. Okay. Like one business owner thinks a four X for us is good because he needs a three X to break.

Even another business owner, I think a two X is good because they can break even at a 1.2 X for us. Every single business is different. And it's why that I've some clients that scale at two X of some clients that have to scale to four X.

Some clients have clients scales out of five X. It just depends on the client. And that's why on this video, I'm hoping to help articulate to you guys what numbers you need to be hitting.

So that way you're making a decision based off your own, your own scenario versus just taking and going with the wind of whatever one else says. Okay. So that's my objective here.

Second thing about row ask goals is there's times of the year where it's okay to accept the lower row to be able to acquire more customers because you have more confidence and conviction in the LTV of that customer to where you can break even on your first time purchase, but your second, third, and fourth time purchases, all purity LTV. So you can spend a lot more quicker and make more money in a long-term play. Again, every business is different.

My objective on this simple video is give you guys a clear tool to help you guys out with, um, what numbers you need to be hitting and making it very easy and straightforward for you. So click the link below. You're going to get this nice little tool right here.

If you've been a follower on the channel for a while, you probably already seen this tool before. Um, cause I've already given out before on the channel, but it's been a while since I shed some light on it. So simply want to go to file, make a copy and, uh, save this to, um, your Google drive.

If you try to edit here and like request access, I will not give that to you. You have to hit file, make a copy and save it to your Google drive to be able to do this. So the first things first here is you're going to see this row as calculator.

And essentially what this is, is allows us to figure out the break even row as that we need to hit on our products. So that way we know where and where we're not profitable. Okay.

So your goal first is to figure out where you're profitable at, where's your profitability start at. So essentially the way to use this is you want to just list your product name. So you can delete all of these products right here.

Just don't delete anything in this, um, this great spot everywhere right here. So for example, you know, you can delete stuff and then, uh, you can add everything in it. So let's just say, for example, let's just start a new thing right here.

Um, let's just say we're selling a, um, essential t-shirt yada, yada, yada. Okay. And our cogs is, I don't know, let's say five bucks.

So your cogs is how much does that product cost you? Okay. How much does the product cost for you to essentially like, yeah, like what's your product costs?

Like how much does one of your t-shirts cost? How much does one of your pair of pants costs? How much does your app costs?

Yada, yada, yada. Whatever you're selling, whatever's the cogs, the fulfillment costs, like that's very important right here. Okay.

Now shipping, shipping is the next one. How much does it cost to ship your product out? That'd be five bucks.

Okay. Now, what are you selling the product at? That's the next big thing.

What is the price of the product you're listening at? 30 bucks, 50 bucks, a hundred bucks, 10 bucks. What are you listing that at?

Okay. So I'm going to list it at, I don't know, let's just say $25. Okay.

So you can see right here, if I sell a $25 shirt and the customer pays shipping, that means the customer's going to pay the five bucks. We're going to only have to pay the $5 cogs. And that basically means we get a $20 profit, 80% profit margin with a 1.25 breakeven or us.

So anything above a 1.25 is breakeven on your ad spend. Okay. Now, obviously you can start being like, Oh, what an equal by my warehouse space and all that.

Not worried about that. I'm focusing purely just on the, the cogs, the shipping and your ad spend for right now. Okay.

Now what you want to do is, is after you list your products. So let's just say we go ahead and we list all of our products, you know, selling some Gucci, Gucci boots, black phone case, blue light boxers, yada, yada, yada. You know, we, we list all of our products, their cogs, how much it costs to ship them.

And then the sell price. Okay. How much, like, you know, how much we're selling product for what you want to do is simply just select them all copy and then paste it below.

This is where you pay shipping. So if you're running a promo where it's, Hey, you know, spend over a hundred bucks and get free shipping. This is the type of things you're going to look at because you're going to need a higher row as to break even look as essential t-shirt.

It went from a 1.25 break even rest to a 1.67. So it's very important. You understand these concepts before you start to scale and throw in free shipping and yada, yada, yada, because it does affect your overall pricing.

Okay. So that's very important right there. Now, a few other notes here is that you don't necessarily need to do every single one of your products, just your product categories.

If all the products are the same. So like let's say if essential t-shirt and you click on that category and you have 35 t-shirts, all different colors, but they're all the same price. They're all the same products, all the same shipping.

You can just say essential t-shirt. Okay. So, you know, that's just one thing to denote from an organizational perspective, uh, save you guys some time and all that good stuff like that.

So this is just going to allow you to figure out your break even rest and all that good stuff. Now, the next thing you want to look at is okay, cool. How much ad spend do I need to spend to hit my goal?

So this is kind of a little, a little bit different than the raw side. We know I break even rest. Now let's go to our ad spend calculator.

Okay. This is very, very simple. Let me just make this a little bit bigger.

Cool. So I have three different scenarios right here and I'm gonna show you guys how this works. Um, basically anything in the yellow, don't, don't touch it.

Just please break the formula. Then you get mad. And then it's just gonna be like, just, you have to redownload it.

Not fun. Okay. Just revenue goal or ask.

Okay. So revenue goal, let's say our revenue goal is, I don't know. Let's just say it's $50,000.

Okay. Boom. Um, and I'm just gonna try just across like that, or actually let me delete this for right now.

All right. $50,000. And we want to hit it.

I don't know. Let's just say a two extra rest. Let's just say we're selling our essential T search right here.

We need a 1.25 X break even or us. So we're fine with a two X or greater. Then we know that at the ad spend, we got to spend us $25,000 to make that essentially.

So cool. No problem at all. Now let's say we do, we want to do $50,000 and we want to hit a three X for us.

Cool. Then we're going to spend $16,667 scenario three. Let's say it's $50,000 again.

Let's say we're gonna do a five extra rest and we need to spend $10,000. Okay. So just to show you what different row ass goals from an overall business perspective, what that's going to look like inside of your business.

Okay. Now, again, this is super basic. I'm not even really calculating Shopify processing fees.

Um, I'm not like, you know, I can even add like a profit, like column right here and stuff like that. I'm just giving you guys the basics because I don't want to overwhelm you guys. I just want to get this, the basic shit in your head.

So that way you can, you know, you know, keep moving forward in that sense right there. So, so hopefully this helps articulate to you exactly what you need to hit, um, in terms of your, your ad spin, your row ass, um, to be able to hit your overall revenue goals. And, uh, I definitely recommend modeling a few different last goals, you know, like, so like, for example, if our break, even rest is 1.25, maybe I'll come in here and put like 1.25.

All right, cool. So 1.25, we're gonna spend $40,000, make $50,000 versus a five extra row ass. That'll be, you know, $10,000 and spend to, um, you know, make $50,000 just to show you the difference perspective of, Hey, just improving your ads.

Cause better row ass, it's just simply better ads. So essentially getting better ads in there, look how much different you'll be in row ass and, you know, profit, you know, this is a fucking $30,000 difference in profit right there based off just hitting a five extra rest versus the 1.25 X. And that's essentially just creating better ads in that sense right there.

So yeah, guys, very simple sheet. Uh, it's not really a long video, but it's just, I want to make sure you guys know your numbers because at this point now you've crafted your offer, you've done your audience research, you've gone ahead and you've created some high converting ads in that sense right there. And then now you're about to start creative testing.

Before you start creative testing, you need to know where your numbers are at because now that you know your numbers, you can make decisions based off your creative testing. It's just, you have to know your numbers first. So it's very important that you follow this video properly.

You go through this, you log all your stuff and that way, you know what numbers you need to hit. Now, just say word of advice for us. We don't take on anyone with a 60% or below profit margin or 59% or below profit margin.

So at most you need to have a 60% profit margin, which would look like something like, I don't know, let's just say this. Let's see 15. Is it 10?

So like, you know, you gotta have like a break, break even or us of like 1.7 at the lowest, you know, if you have a 2x break even or us, like we're not taking you on. So, you know, just for example, like you definitely want a 60% or higher profit margin, ideally 70, 80% profit margin. If you don't have that, then you need to increase your prices, essentially, increase your prices or decrease your cost of goods, negotiate with your manufacturer and find a different supplier, something like that to decrease your cogs.

Because if you can decrease your cogs, watch this. All of a sudden, it goes up to 85%. All that was decreased the cogs and then change the price.

So play around with this, have some fun and, you know, really solidify your numbers before we go over into that next episode. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video. Make sure you hit that subscribe button if you're new to the channel and turn on subscribe notifications.

So that way when I upload a new video, you'll never miss a single one. All these videos at the end of the day are designed to help you in your business grow and hit your revenue goals, make you more money at the end of the day. Hit that like button and drop a comment below of your favorite part of this video.

Now, if you own a business and you're curious about how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals at profitability, then click the link below to book a call with me and my team. We'll hop on a call together, learn a little bit more about your business. And if we think you'd be a good fit, we'll do a strategy session together.

And on that strategy session, we'll give you, you know, actionable tips and stuff like that to help you grow your business. And you can take that and run with it, or you have the option to work this if you choose. And if we think you're a good fit to work with us.

Now, with that being said, thanks again so much for tuning in. You should have a video somewhere up along the screen right here. That'll take you to another video.

I think you may enjoy. Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great rest of your day.

I'll talk to you guys later. My name is Nick Terryo. Peace out.