Hey, what is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and over the next 14 days, I'm going to show you the exact systems and processes we've used to generate over $20 million in online sales with Facebook ads.

We're going to go over how to craft a winning offer, how to build high converting Facebook ads, and how to scale Facebook ads to hit your revenue goals with inside your business. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriault and I've generated over $20 million online utilizing Facebook ads. We are a Facebook ads agency and we only work with clients.

So the 20 million does come from client revenue and we work with clients across e-com, app installs, and lead generation. We're also a Facebook accredited agency through their Facebook partner program. And we have spent over four and a half million dollars just in the last six months.

These systems and strategies I'm going to show you are the exact systems and strategies we use for an account spending a hundred dollars a day, all the way to an account spending $15,000 a day. So buckle up and get ready because over the next 14 days, I'll be pulling everything back and showing you step-by-step what we do and how you can implement this into your business. And at any time you're curious of how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals, click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll do a free strategy session together and we'll go ahead and give you that strategy to where you can either take it and run with it or you have the option to work with us if we think you're a good fit. That's the right there. So buckle up and let's get started.

So how to run Facebook ads in 2022, part two, audience research. Audience research is super important because it allows you to find out more information about how the offers that are similar to yours are being promoted. Plus what are the main personas that are buying?

So again, last episode, we focused on the offer, how to craft a really good offer. Now our objective is to see how are other people pushing their offers and how we can apply some of those concepts to ours to help give us that advantage over them. So the goals here, the goals of audience research is to simply identify the main persona that's purchasing, identify main motivators slash desire slash what's the why of each persona for purchasing.

So what's really driving them to purchase that product? You know, what's that vision, that desired outcome they're trying to achieve and why is it important for them to achieve that desired outcome in that sense right there? You know, this might be, hey, my goal is to create a million dollar business a month, but why do you want that million dollar business so much?

Is it because you want to buy a Lamborghini? Why do you want to buy that Lamborghini so much? Oh, because I want attention from girls, you know, whatever that might, that might be.

So next one is identify how they want to be talked to in that sense right there. You know, what's the language they like? Do they want to be spoken to like they're a fourth grader or they want to be spoken to like they're a college graduate?

Identify the bridge they're crossing. We're going to get to that in a second. That's super important right there.

Identify the visuals they're responding to. We're going to identify the characteristics about the people in the ads. I'm not sure where I put that twice.

So that's just more about like ethnicity, sex, age, things like that. So research sources. So this is the very first thing you basically want to bump out of, you know, take a piece of paper, toss it up, and you want to start researching.

Research, research, research. You're going to spend a lot of time researching, okay? So when we're doing this research here, we're going to use a few different sources in that sense right there.

So number one in our offers video, we identified five competitors, okay? So go back to that video if you haven't already. And if you have already watched that, you want to bust your list out of five competitors, okay?

So again, let's just say for example, we are a, you know, men's t-shirt brand and we want to target built basics, which is another, you know, kind of premium t-shirts and pants brand for men in that sense right there. So we want to just first off, go to our competitors' websites and just start looking around. Okay, cool.

You know, we can, we can look at their product page, for example, and we can start identifying key things, which I'm going to show you in a second a little bit. So this is one place to do product research as well as the reviews. The reviews are super, super important.

Now, the next thing is their ads library. So go to Facebook ads library. One way to do this is just simply go to the website, click on a little Facebook icon right here.

And when you're, when you click on that Facebook icon, here's someone can go to our Facebook page, hit see all on their paid transparency, go to ad library. Sometimes you might have to click like about or like, you know, they might have like about right here. And then you can kind of scroll down.

It might, the paid transparency might be hidden in this side right here. So just a little quick tip right there. And again, go to ads library library.

And here you go. Here's another really good place to look at research. I like to scroll through all of the Facebook ads that are going on and likelihood the ads that's been running the longest or the ads that are converting the best.

Cause if an ad's been works really well, people are not going to want to turn it off. So I really try to look more kind of prehistorically what's been running. You see some of these ads right here, you know, specifically like this one, February 22nd, 2021.

There's all kinds of like ads right here. It's been running for a long time. That shows me that, Hey, these are likely have been converting well.

And I want to take those into account as well. So I want to also take into account some of the new stuff as well. So don't purely just look at the old stuff, look at some of the new stuff as well.

And I'm going to show you guys exactly what you'd be looking out for in a little bit. And then the next one is a super high level one that I don't see people do often at all. Go to your competitors, Instagram page, obviously look at the Instagram page itself.

Look at the comments, um, really look at the comments and see like, you know, what are people saying about it? Just an organic post and stuff like that. That's a super big one.

And, uh, you can see a lot of stuff, their content, you can see what content kind of like resonates with people and all that good stuff. But then the next thing is look at the tag. The tag is super important because this is people that are actively using the product, taking, you know, taking photos with it and talking about it.

And this is super important because what's basically you're going to get more of a, you know, like if it's, if it's being posted on the main page, it's gonna be a little bit more filtered. This can be giving you a little bit more of an unfiltered view of how people are talking about this brand, how people are using the brand right here. And you can actively kind of see that in that sense right there.

You know, it honestly, almost the content that's getting tagged with them is resonating closely to organic as well, which is really good. That basically just means they have a really good understanding of what their audience uses it and they replicate that in the content and organic side too, which is really well too. So amazing place for more content.

Um, you basically just want to get a lot of really good, um, you know, from reviews. I really like to look at the reviews. I really like to look at the ads library.

I like to look at the, uh, the Instagram feed plus the Instagram tags. It's gonna be a lot of good spots right there to start pulling. And I'm going to show you guys exactly just hang on a second.

I'm going to show you a little bit of exactly what you're trying to identify. I just want to show you guys first where you can go to do research ads. Next thing is Amazon.

So for example, um, you know, built might not be on Amazon itself. If I searched in like built, it might be who knows. Um, yeah.

So like built's not on here at all. That's totally okay. But what does built sell built primary cells?

These like essential teas and stuff like that. So am I going to look at brands similar or am I going to look at brands that are like crazy, you know, maybe crazy streetwear style. No, I'm going to look at brands similar, a similar product, just a different competitor in that center right there.

So you can see right here, um, we can start to look and, you know, we can start to try to identify who and what might be a similar product. Let's just say, for example, it's for this right here, kind of going after the more of the muscular vibe. So, you know, it might not be completely perfect because built's kind of going out there, you know, just your average Joe, um, a little bit of definitely on the fitter side, but it's listening.

It looks like they're going off a little bit more of a fitter athletic and stuff like that. But again, you want to look at this page. You want to see, okay, cool.

What are like the images right here? What are they saying in the images? Where are people based upon things like that?

Uh, what are the things they're highlighting all that good stuff right there and scroll down and here is the reviews, the reviews, another super impactful place to learn a lot about your consumer. So Amazon next one is YouTube reviews of competitor or similar products. So just like Amazon, if you can't find your exact competitor's product on there, look for similar products, similar, um, you know, audience personas, things like that.

And same thing you want to look at the comment section. So you want to watch the video, obviously. So like this was just like built clothing review.

You know, you can see this right here and you can see a lot of good stuff. Um, and then the second best place is the comment section. The comment section is so good because it's unfiltered.

And if it's unfiltered, people are giving you a more realistic kind of like, Hey, this was my experience. This is what I loved about it. This is what I hated about it.

This is like what I do, yada, yada, yada. This is why I bought it all that good stuff right there. And that's all gonna give you crucial feedback of your, from your, from an audience research perspective.

And then lastly, if you're already running ads, so, you know, we're an agency, we typically work with brands on 50 to a hundred K a month. They're actively spending money on Facebook ads in that sense right there. So we can immediately just jump in their account, start looking at comments and stuff on our prehistoric running ads and things like that.

We also already look at their social media posts, all our tag posts and things like that. So, you know, if you're already in that position, go for it. But if you're a brand that's the one, maybe, you know, a hundred, you know, $10,000 a month, you maybe don't have all those comments, maybe not all that stuff like that.

Then, you know, actively you still want to use these. So we use all four of them in that perspective right there. Uh, we make sure we hit every angle.

So we can really try to develop a clear avatar of who we're going after. And just a quick pro tip, while you're doing this research, you want to start writing down headlines that jump out at you, plus appear to be working for the brand. So what I basically means is from a copy perspective right here, you want to start writing down copy.

You see, um, you know, pants that move with you. I like that. Okay, cool.

That's a cool headline. I'm gonna write that down. Premium basics.

Okay. Interesting. Um, you know, you want to start writing down these headlines and just kind of like things, the way they talk about the product, cause that's things that we can use in our ads as well.

Um, you know, the best fitting shirt I've ever worn. There you go. So like, these are all cool things that I would start writing down just to try and give me a sense of like, kind of like the copy and things like that we need to go after.

So step number one is we want to identify our personas. So we definitely don't want to be just like, like say, for example, if we're advertising for built in that center right there, we don't want to just say men USA 25, 45, cause that is far from the truth. If we just say men USA 25 to 45 who work in the city with an office job, ah, like cool, but it still doesn't really describe exactly.

Cause then, you know, are they fit or they unfit, you know, do they care about style, things like that. So men USA 25 to 45 who work in the city with an office job, um, minimalist fashion. That way they can focus on our craft and they don't wear streetwear, crazy graphic design t-shirts.

It's literally just sensual basics. And that's center right there. Um, they're definitely more of a sophisticated buyer in that sense right there.

Um, and also have a little bit more money and capital and things like that. Um, they, they're looking for things that last a long time or versatile. We weren't worn all day and are super comfortable.

There's definitely some other stuff we can add to this. If we were really looking at built and took a little bit more of a, you know, some time to do a little bit more research into it, but that's a basically kind of like what I identify. So this is one particular persona right here.

Another one is men USA 25, 45 who play golf because built also going after people who play golf men USA 25, 45, who's looking for the perfect workout chart. So there's other personas within built as well. And those would also be other personas.

So you, you primarily have one persona for your brand. That's going to generate 70% of your sales. And then you, you will have other personas that generate some sales for you, but it's just not as big of demographic as you start to scale.

And you know, you don't a couple hundred thousand dollars a month. That's when you start to branch out these other personas, just to give you more, you know, reaching that perspective right there. And then certain personas as well.

I find this a lot where it's like you're going after one particular persona and it's just, it's not nearly as scalable as another persona. So we actively did this with another brand where we were going after a wedding decor for a while. So people who are just looking for presents for weddings and we were getting a very small scalable factor in that sense right there.

We couldn't really hit any revenue milestones with it. So it's just too small of a persona. So we pivoted the products and we start positioning them in front of women who are looking for a gift for their husband, like anniversary surprise, things like that.

And boom, it allows a bigger persona that we could actively scale more into. So, so sometimes your persona, obviously your offer depends on a lot of things, but also to your persona to also depend on a lot of things of how much scalable you have in that sense right there. You know, if you're targeting women, USA looking to surprise their, you know, husband with a gift, um, celebrate their anniversary.

It's been a lot bigger than say, you know, men who play golf twice a week or who play tournaments for golf once a week and are looking to improve their handicap. That's gonna be a lot smaller than that woman crowd in that sense right there. So certain personas will allow you to scale more than others.

So I'm just gonna let you know from that perspective. Now, next thing is the persona bridge. So your objective as a marketer is to basically take people in their current situation right now and take them to their desired situation through advertising.

So through advertising, you're articulating to people what their current situation looks like and that you understand it. And here's how they get to their desired situation with your product. Your product is the bridge that connects it.

This is your offer. Your offer connects them from their current situation to their desired situation. And you articulate that offer through advertising and marketing and things like that.

So this is the persona bridge. Okay. And right now people are stuck in their current situation and have no clue how to get to their desired situation.

They don't know what product, what they need, things like that. So that's also a big thing too. They're in their current situation and there's a multitude of different products and offers that could get them to their desired situation.

So you also have to understand that. So here's our current situation. We use marketing to consider as our situation.

Now your goal is to clearly define their current situation. So for example, if we're using men, let's see, men work in a city, minimalist fashion, we can focus on our craft, yada, yada, yada. You know, we're going to articulate to them what that current situation may look like.

And we'll use audience research by YouTube reviews, Amazon, Instagram, website to be able to clearly articulate that current situation through, you know, research, really figuring out what that current situation looks like. What are the problems they're currently facing right now? What are the thoughts inside of their head?

You know, what are they thinking about this problem? How much is it bugging them? All that good stuff right there.

How are they talking about their problems as well as another really big one? You know, how do they scribe it? How do they talk to about their friends?

You know, they're really depressed and things like that when they talk about it really drains their energy. That's all really interesting things right there that, you know, really going to help like, you know, really things that you need to know. What are solutions?

Have they tried and felt that? So this is another really big one. If you are in a market where there's already been other offers on the market, and now you have a new and approved offer in that sense right there, you can showcase how your solution is better than all the other ones they've tried and failed in that sense right there.

So for, you know, for me, for example, I'm looking for some new essential teas for my collection, my closet, and I've, you know, got a few from a few different online e-com brands, got them and did not like them at all. They just, they did not fit well, didn't really live up to the claims, yada, yada, yada. Now I'm hesitant to go purchase other ones.

So now I, as an advertiser, we have to really show me some clear, you know, evidence that these essential teas, things like that would solve my problems. Now that I'm a little bit more gunshot in that sense right there. Next one is what is preventing them from getting to their desired situation?

What is that roadblock? What is holding them back? Is it a mindset thing?

Is it a belief thing? Is it because they got, you know, they ordered some stuff a while ago, the similar didn't get what they want. What is preventing them to get that desired situation?

What is that obstacle that they are trying to, you know, get over to essentially get to their desired situation? How are they feeling about this? Are they down, depressed, yada, yada, yada?

Like, that's a big one right there. You know, I don't feel confident because now that like, I don't feel confident in the teas that have now because they're worn down some deodorant stains. And I'm just like, I don't feel confident in those at all.

If I don't feel confident, how's that affecting my mood when I go out? Got things like that you need to look at. How's it affecting our day to day life?

Hey, I don't want to purchase, want to purchase many girls anymore. I'm a little bit more shy, insecure, things like that, because I got these massive, like deodorant stains, my shirts, because they're old essential teas that need to be, you know, need to be tossed away. So like, just again, articulating ideas to you guys of how, like what that current situation looks like for people.

You really need to understand your audience's current situation. And for all of you guys right now who are thinking, oh, well, I have a clothing brand that, you know, none of this applies to me. Guys, this will apply to every single brand, regardless, e-com, lead generation, app installs, every single brand.

This is how we can come into brands with confidence that we're going to get them results because we take these steps and we can apply it to any one because it's marketing fundamentals that have been tested from, for over a hundred years now. And yeah, it's, everyone can use this. So regardless if you sell some high class brand and, you know, imaging and all that, and I'm going to show you exactly why in a second.

Now, desired situation. So, you know, we, we know what their current situation looks like. What is the desired situation?

What is that vision in their head? So think about it like this. Let's say, for example, you know, you're getting on a plane and, uh, you know, your current situation, you're on a plane right now, but that whole time you're just in the plane, you're flying to Cancun or the beach.

And all you can think about is that vision of you being on the beach and the water from Margarita in your hand. That's all you can think about. Well, we're going to articulate to people that desired situation that they're looking for and how our products and help them get there in that sense right there.

So that's one thing you want to look like. What does that vision look like? And again, you can showcase this by, you know, looking at all the reviews, comments, but what, what are other people articulating in their ad of that vision looks like, um, you know, cuts, you know, built does a really good job.

They, they showcase, you know, the lifestyle right here. Just a cool guy, chill, going to do a few different things for a city, showing off the products and all that looking good. Um, like, you know, just what does that vision look like?

Like, what would that vision look like if, you know, if you, if you had everything accomplished, what your life looks like, how will they feel when they get to this state as well? So for example, now that I got my new essential teas in, um, I felt more confident now. Um, I feel more, uh, upbeat.

I feel happier, all that good stuff. Now that I'm wearing clothes that I feel confident. What is the goal?

So that can kind of be kind of like what's their vision to as well. Just another way of saying it, where do they want to go again, kind of more of like the vision in that sense right there. So you really want to articulate their desired situation.

What are they trying to accomplish? What is that vision for them? What is that goal really understand?

What is it? Where are they trying to go? What is that desired situation that they want to be in?

Okay. So for you guys right now, your desired situation is to have a profitable, um, you know, maybe increase your profits on your, your Facebook ads right now. Maybe you're not spending much per day and you're trying to spend more in that sense right there.

Maybe your current situation right now is, um, you know, you're kind of all over the place with your Facebook ads. You don't really know how to manage it properly. And your desired situation is consistent results on a day-to-day basis.

You're increasing spin. You can scale with more confidence in that sense right there. You're creating ads that convert and you finally just have it figured out.

You finally know, understand how this works and you're not chasing your tail on a day-to-day basis. That might be your desired situation right there. But the next one is why do you want to get there?

Why do you want to have better results with Facebook ads? Why do you want to be able to scale your brand? What is that main desire that is pushing you to achieve that right there?

So this is another really big one right here. What is that desire that people want in that sense right there? So, you know, what, what, what made you or what motivated you to click on this video specifically right now?

Like, if you think about that for a second, you know, you're on YouTube, you saw that. Why? What was that main desire?

Is it because you've consistently watched my videos and you noticed that your results have improved drastically since then? So now you're, you're like not wired, but in a sense wired to where, Hey, I'll watch the next videos. I increased my revenue, my Shopify store.

Um, and I'm only saying that from a confidence perspective because I get a lot of messages from you guys, uh, that, that tell me these things. But if that's your desire to increase your profits, every time you see one of videos, you click on it with that desire of, Hey, you know, I want to increase and grow my brand. And that's your main desire.

I mean, why, why did you click on this video? So I want to grow my brand. Cool.

That's your desire. So you really need to understand the desire that gets people from current situation to desired situation. Okay.

So it's, it's very close to like desire and situation, but just think about it. Like what's that? Why, why did you click on this video?

Because your current situation is, you know, you're, um, you're not, you're not scaling your Facebook ads or stuck with your Facebook ads, your desire situation to own a hundred KM off business. And you clicked on this video because my videos help you or because you want to grow your brand. So that was the main desire and that's central right there.

Now, next one is market sophistication. Now, again, I know we're really going over some complex things guys, but these are like all the things that you do not see behind Facebook ads. This is where 80 to 90% of the work is done.

And this is how we can afford to spend five, 10 minutes a day in the Facebook ads manager in that sense right there. So the next thing is market sophistication. So while you're doing all your research, you're figuring out your personas, you're figuring out their current situation, their desired situation.

And what's that motivation that's getting people to cross over. Now, the next thing is you want to look at the market sophistication. And I've really struggled with this.

I'm not going to lie guys. This is one that I really struggled with. And then I've talked to quite a few people and this is basically how I've been able to compartmentalize it in my brain and be able to understand this.

Okay. So basically it's how they want to be spoken to. Okay.

Do they want messaging that sounds like a fourth grader wrote it or do they want messaging that sounds like a college grad wrote it? Okay. So this is really going to depend on like the vocabulary choice that you choose.

And then it's also going to determine based off their level of knowledge of the industry. Okay. So if we go back to offers, okay, if we go back to that offers video that I put together, that was part one, this is part two.

So just one video away. We talked about three different offers. It was like a $20 pin, a $20 stainless steel ergonomic pin, and then a $20 stainless steel ergonomic pin with a year's worth of ink cartridges.

Okay. So if we were at the stage where we were needed to promote, you know, a $20 pin, um, with that's ergonomic and ink cartridges. So like, you know, it's a pretty competitive market and really, really trying to push as much value as we can.

Likelihood is that our industry knows a lot about, or our audiences know a lot about our industry. Okay. So another, for example, so we could use some more complex terminology because there's so many people pushing this offer, then we know that they're a little bit more knowledgeable now in that sense, because we've educated them through so many people pushing this offer.

Okay. So it's just the general knowledge that the person has. Now let's look at it from this perspective.

Okay. The Facebook ads industry as a whole, okay. Facebook ads been a while for a long time now, and no one's really talking anymore about, here's how you set up a Facebook ads account.

Here's how you set up a business manager. Here's how you set up the pixel, things like that. Okay.

Those videos aren't really that important anymore because there's so many people on Facebook ads. Now there's so many videos that's already been produced on that. Now that now, if people are getting started, they're more need to understand how to build a high converting creative now.

So the messaging is just different now in that sense right there. Okay. So the messaging, I can talk a little bit more about click through race.

I can talk a little bit more about CPC, CPMs, and, you know, building high converting creatives, market messaging, things like that, because the industry as a whole has become more knowledgeable than it was five years ago. So because it's more knowledgeable, I can, you know, I can talk about these more complex things because the whole market's more sophisticated in that sense right there. So last thing I want to say, just kind of like a little, another little example in this case right here, we're working with a car product.

Okay. And our first round of copy and messaging for this particular car product, uh, wasn't good because it would look like a fourth grade eroded. Okay.

And because there's so many different offers around this particular car product, um, the market sophistication was actually a lot higher. So we actually had to use higher terminology to, to get, you know, some good reaction out of it because the original one, people didn't like it. Like, well, wait, is this person just entering the market?

Like this whole market's already five years old. No one's talking like that anymore. You know, they're talking like they're the first people in the market.

We need to be talking like, Hey, I've already been pitching all these products. How's yours better? You know, what's, what's the level of knowledge?

Where can we start the conversation in the level of knowledge? We need to display that we have of the product and that's that's right there. Um, because the market as a whole is a little bit more sophisticated.

So, um, again, this is a very complex topic. And if you don't completely understand it right now, I completely understand. And I completely feel for you in a sense right there, because this is, was one that took me a long time as a marketer to fully understand.

Um, but the biggest thing is how do they want to be spoken to? What's the vocabulary choice I can use based off their knowledge and does it need to sound like a fourth grader wrote it or does it need to sound like a college grad wrote it. And it's also in the pin on how old that market is, like how long these types of offers have been on the market and how many times they've been pitched on that offer.

Because if they've been pitched on the offer multiple times, you, they already have, they're learning more and more every time. And now that's a lot to use those bigger words in that sense right there. Now clothing brands.

Um, I want to address you guys really quick because I see this all the time. My product does not solve a problem. You're wrong.

Okay. So a lot of people say this a lot, especially with clothing outside right there. Um, even seen canvases brands, brands that are selling like, you know, custom painted things, um, metal science brands, like all these things, they don't solve a problem.

That's very big false, um, right there. So it's just the problem. It's not superficial.

It's, it's more deeper level. Sub communication is the problem you're solving. Okay.

So for example, back in, uh, whoo, it was like 2000 and, um, you know, 19 and I think that's right there. Um, you know, just finished up, you know, good diet, things like that. Started going out a little bit more.

I was going to have a relationship. Uh, this is my personal story as well. Uh, getting a relationship, just, you know, finished up a really good diet.

So it was kind of ripped with like six pack and all that good stuff right there. And I started to go out a little bit more, something a little bit more social. And I kind of looked at myself.

I was like, man, um, you know, I've, I've really leveled up my life in that sense right there, but my clothing is still like, you know, 2014 level. So like, I need some new clothing and, and I really want this clothing because I wanted to, I wanted to mirror my social status at the time, um, that I've leveled up. So I want to level up my clothing to, to level up with me and to be a part of that, um, you know, kind of social status, not perspective right there.

Also, I wanted to get more attention from the opposite sex. Um, you know, get some girls sitting on me, things like that compliments about my style. Um, it's like all of these things right here.

These are things of why it pushes people to purchase. Um, in that sense, right? Then these are, these are, and again, every particular brand to be different, but you really have to study again, competitors, YouTube reviews, um, YouTube comments.

How are people talking about the product? Tell them about their experiences and things like that. That's how you're going to pull these really sub communication level things down.

And you know, that's how you can be able to, you know, do really well in that sense, right there, you're solving a, you know, internal problem within themselves. Um, it's a little bit different than your typical, like, Hey, I don't have a lot of money. That's my problem.

All right. I don't have any money. That's my problem.

You're, you're, you're, you're targeting a different type of problem. I don't have any clothing that represents me as well. So, you know, maybe I just feel like I've changed as a character, my character, my person, and I just don't have any clothing that represents me.

So the way I solve that problem is by articulating to people that the lifestyle they can live by purchasing my clothing. So I'm solving a problem again, it just, it won't be straightforward. Hey, you don't have any clothing represent you.

Well, here's this now I'm going to showcase them the lifestyle they want to be a part of. So that's also a big thing with clothing is about showcasing a lifestyle that people want to be a part of. That's how you're going to get the, um, the biggest impact for that perspective right there.

Uh, I don't have any clothing that represents my beliefs. Um, you know, back in 2000, um, I think it was about 20, 2020 during the presidential election for USA, um, both political parties, a lot of econ brands started up in each side, uh, with, um, you know, different clothing brands and things like that, that, uh, represented those parties and like different statements and things like that. And just help people, um, give people a opportunity to express their beliefs, um, through clothing.

So now, uh, last one was just, uh, you know, current problem, my life kind of like, you know, just showcasing, um, you know, like a problem. I'm not going to go into this. This was one we're already running, you know, while now, but just showing you different, Hey, my product doesn't solve a problem.

That is false. You're just not thinking enough into it. So now that we already covered, you know, the personas, where does we, we, you know, look that persona bridge starts, you know, current situation, desired situation, the main desire and motivator that's pushing people to purchase, um, the market sophistication, how people want to be talked to, um, we identify that every brand, you know, has this in that sense right there.

Now we're going to start looking at a deeper level of the people in ads. So if we're looking at this Facebook ads library right here, we want to start making notes of who are the people in the ads. That's really important right there because it's how we can bridge into that market.

So for example, if you want to sell to fit men, 25 to 30 years old, then you need to show off fit men, 25, 30 years old, leveraging that product. So people in ads, what are in your five competitors? Okay.

What is the age? What's the average age of these people? Again, just kind of ballpark.

What's the sex? Are they male, female, other, um, what's their ethnicity? Okay.

You know, what's like obviously going to that right there? Um, ethnicity, are they a fit person? Are they a dad bod?

Are they a yoga mom? Are they, you know, like this high class, uh, level athletes, high class level person, just your typical 18 year old college kid with a beer gut? Like, you know, just what, like describe their attributes in that sense right there.

Um, do they have an accent? You know, if I'm, if I'm targeting Australia, um, I want to maybe use more Australian accent creators there just to help out with the, you know, level of being able to articulate to people, you know, what, uh, that, that like we're a part of Australia as well, you know, sometimes foreign brands like that, like going advertising a different country without the right accents of the creators, like the creators have like an accent, um, people can detect that and we will see negative performance sometimes on that. Where are the people at, you know?

So if we go back to build right here, where are these people at? Well, this guy's in this, this guy's in a city. Okay, cool.

We need to showcase a city. This girl out in a desert or say kind of outside, you know, rural, maybe just outside of a city right here, running and things like that. Um, another person in the city, you know, a lot of people kind of in the city and like, you know, city vibe, town vibes, things like that.

So where are the people at? Where are they at? Are they in their house?

They're in a kitchen, living room, yada, yada, at the gym, or they had a CrossFit gym, or they had a bodybuilding gym, or they had a yoga studio. Where are people at? Okay.

And then just take pictures of them, like literally take a screenshot or just literally go look up on Google middle-aged guy, 30 years old. That's kind of fit. And the reason why you want to do all that is because you want to start to like document what these people look like.

So that way we actually start creating a creative. You have all of this information at your disposal and you're already familiar with it in that sense right there. Now, multiple personas.

So like I said, about 70% of your revenue is going to come from, um, probably one persona specifically. Um, but you're going to be doing all of this for all of your personas. Okay.

Um, I would not recommend going over three. If you have to really dig deep, deep to like find more than three, then obviously like you might be going too deep, but start off with three at most. And then over time you can expand to more, um, in our creative testing.

Like if we want to test new persona, it's super easy for us. We'll just create a new round of creative that's targeting a different persona. We'll test it out.

If it works, cool. It works. Um, we don't really put any pressure on it, but this is what it'll look like.

So for example, if we were selling a mill prep service and we identified that we have active moms, you know, as people who are like care about their health and things like that, they're probably going to yoga a few times a week. They're going to a gym a few times a week. They run, um, they're just active and you know, they care about their health in that sense right there.

You also have moms who are just busy with work. You know, they work a lot during a week. They don't have time to cook for themselves.

Um, and they don't want to go out and fast food and things like that. So two different personas in that perspective right there. Um, but both that one offer can, you know, caterize for both of them.

So what we want to do is we want to do a bridge for both of them. We want to do a desire for both of them. What's the main motivator, you know, uh, what's the language to pay the market sophistication and the people characteristics, what, what, what, what the people and things like that, they're going to resonate with.

And that's right there. So you want to make sure you do all that, uh, for each persona. Now, how do you actually do all this?

Like where would you store this information at? I highly recommend just Google slideshow. You can literally just start off with like slide one.

This is, um, you know, for example, slide one, active moms for a picture of like what an active mom would look like. Okay, cool. Slide two, you have your, um, slides, you have your bridge, current situation, desired situation, current situation.

Um, you know, they're active, they care about their health and they don't have time to cook during the week. And, you know, they're looking at other meal prep services local, but there's just none in the area. And, uh, yeah, desired situation is they want to look good.

They want to feel good. They want to eat really good food. They don't want, you know, they, they want all these good things like that.

Uh, the main desire for them is easy, accessible, you know, like that's the big thing for them has to be quick, has to be accessible, has to be easy and has to taste good. Like the biggest one might be just, it has to taste good. They tried a lot of them.

And, uh, the main motivator is, uh, the taste. That's a big one. Work sophistication.

You know, we can talk about macros, calorie counting. So we can talk about like fats and stuff like that. You know, they, they know a little bit about macro tracking and things like that.

So we can actually articulate that to them. People characteristics. Um, these are moms are 30 to 40 years old.

You know, they, they're on the fitter side, uh, more around like yoga or more around, you know, bodybuilding, like just whatever, like what do they look like in that sense right there. So we'll do a slide for each one of these and describe these people that allows us to get a really good image of who they are, how, how we can help them. What's, what's, what's their problems?

What's their goals? What's their main motivators? How can they be talked to and all that good stuff right there.

And that's how you do audience research guys. So, um, I know this was a long one, but this one was juicy in that sense right there. There was a lot that went into this.

I really hope you guys are enjoying this series. Um, I said, I'm putting them heart and soul into this whole series right here. And, uh, you know, this is, uh, this is really, really, really valuable.

Um, and sense of like, I'm really shedding everything that we use on a daily basis. That's, you know, we personally generate over $20 million in revenue using these exact things right here. So, um, yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching and I'll see you guys in part three.

Thank you guys so much for watching today's video. Make sure you hit that subscribe button if you're new to the channel and turn on subscribe notifications. So that way when I upload a new video, you'll never miss a single one.

All these videos at the end of the day are designed to help you in your business grow and hit your revenue goals, make you more money at the end of the day, hit that like button and drop a comment below of your favorite part of this video. Now, if you own a business and you're curious about how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals at profitability, then click the link below. It's a book call with me and my team.

We'll hop on a call together, learn a little bit more about your business. And if we think you'd be a good fit, we'll do a strategy session together. And on that strategy session, we'll give you, you know, actionable tips and stuff like that to help you grow your business.

And you can take that and run with it, or you have the option to work this if you choose. And if we think you're a good fit to work with us. Now, with that being said, thanks again so much for tuning in.

You should have a video somewhere up along the screen right here. That'll take you to another video. I think you may enjoy.

Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great rest of your day. I'll talk to you guys later.

My name is Nick Theriault. Peace out. Peace out.

знаем WEBUS ILLIND I possible A I I też I