How to market products that do not solve a problem on Facebook. I get this question so many times. Well, Nick, my product doesn't solve a problem.

Well, today I'm going to be diving in exactly how you can still make a product sell without solving a problem with Facebook ads. So let's dive into this video because I do have some examples. And also too, you might be questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things.

Well, look, I've done over $100 million in online revenue specifically for my clients through Facebook ads. So that's what I'm credible to be teaching that. Let's dive into the video.

So came across this ad the other day and it kind of made me think of making this video. So I'm just going to show you this ad really quick. You know, it's this leggings and I don't know, just girls wearing it.

It's like the husband's reacting to it. Girl looks very happy. Guy also looks very happy for some reason.

Yeah, that's literally all it is. And it made me think like, this is it. This is the perfect video to show you guys this.

Yeah, nothing, nothing would do with this. Okay. Yeah, we're going to pause it now.

So you get the point. You guys saw the ad right here. And this particular ad right here solves nothing.

This product solves no problem at all. All right. Could debate with me on that.

But you know, it doesn't solve a problem. It's not like, hey, you broke your leg. Here's the solution for it.

Or, hey, is your Facebook ad robust down? Yes. Here's how to fix that.

There's no really problem it solves here. And if you ever run in that scenario where you're advertising a product that does not solve a problem, then this is the perfect video for you. So my process of kind of how I look at these products that don't solve a problem is, first off, I like to just look at the benefit of it.

Okay. So, you know, maybe for this particular product right here, the product is women's leggings. The features is its new butt sculpt 3000 design, whatever you want to call it.

And this particular benefit of it is make the butt look good. Our boots look good. And for the benefit of the benefit, this is where I really like to go to next step.

So the problem when you have a product that doesn't solve a problem is that it's not important. Again, not important in the customer's eyes. Okay.

So for you guys is, all right, let's take a product and let's make it seem more important. Now for this one right here, make sure your butt look good. Okay.

That's what these particular pants are really hitting on. But that's not really a strong enough lie. I need this.

It doesn't really seem super important. So what they did was is they took the benefit of the benefit. So what is the benefit of your glutes looking good?

And because they're advertising to a female demographic, they're like, okay, well, you know, what are the different reasons why a girl would want her glutes to look good? And one way was, you know, maybe to make her husband happy or her boyfriend happy. They do say husband at the beginning of this video.

So it's more specific to the husband itself. But yeah, that's all you want to do. So take your product, look at the features it has, look at the benefits it has, which is all you do is link the feature to the benefit.

And then, okay, those are cool benefits, but how can we make these benefits seem a lot better? More important. Here is where you look at the benefit of the benefits.

That's all you have to do. Now, when we go back to problem solving, if we look at the benefit of making the husband super happy, well, certain problems that, you know, these particular women may be having in their life is maybe they're, you know, I don't know, maybe there's some problems at home. Maybe there's some distance in between the husband.

Maybe it doesn't have the same spice anymore. So they seen these leggings of, you know, that emotional problem that these leggings solve. I've seen this time and time again, advertising for fashion brands where we don't advertise a problem at all.

We don't even showcase a problem, but we're solving that problem of people who want to, you know, want that confidence boost from that perspective right there. That's a really big one that we see all the time. We don't call that on in the ad at all, but we show them this cool lifestyle they can have wearing this clothing, being the benefit of the benefit, and all of a sudden it becomes so much and more important in their eyes right there.

So that's it. That's all I do. It's actually very straightforward.

You may have to test a couple different benefits and the benefits of the benefits to figure out which one works the best for you. But through all my experience, this is what's worked the best for us. And we've seen some crazy, crazy, crazy success with this.

So I really hope you guys helps you guys out. Yeah. Also too, I know it's probably not the best example I could have given you guys, but this is the ad that I saw that just made me think of wanting to create this YouTube video for you guys.

So hopefully you're all able to take some value from it. And if you did, smash that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And with that being said, thank you all so much for watching.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.