Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we'll be talking about offers and the value you bring to the table with your product and really kind of going through like a roadmap essentially of how to define your perfect offer with your brand and just kind of diving into this. It's probably not going to be what you're thinking.

And you know, we're going to look at their current situation and your ideal situation for your customer and stuff and really map out the significance of your product and how it helps people's lives to really understand what you're offering, the value you bring to the market. So really cool exercise. I like to do with a lot of brands that would first take on before we start planning advertising campaigns and everything.

I really want to dig deep into what are we actually offering to our customers and everything. So with that being said, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's hop into it.

So this exercise I like to do, like I said, with every brand when we take them on, it's like one of the first things we do before we hop into that account and start looking at all their ads. So this is basically what our job as a marketer is. Our job is to take someone from their current situation right now and take them to their desired situation.

And the way we do that is by offering them a product that takes them there. So we need to basically define people's current situation and their desired situation and offering them a product and showing them how that product will get them to that desired situation. People buy outcomes.

They do not buy features. So just remember that right there. So this girl right here is using an IPL at home laser removal.

So let's say, for example, we're working with an at home laser removal company. Then what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and go through this process. So current situation, and I highly recommend you guys create something exactly like this.

So again, current situation, desired situation, our offer bridges that gap between them. And that's how we get people to our desired situation by offering them a really great product that solves their current situation or their current problems. You can look at current situation.

You can also look at current problems. There's two different different ways to kind of look at it, but just where they're at right now and where they want to go and what can we offer them to get there? That's the main thing you need to understand.

If you understand this, you'll never go broke as a marketer. So current situation, current problems. Oh, they have to drive, drive to laser appointments, laser appointments are expensive.

Okay. Cost a lot of money. And this is where you want to like literally get creative, get, just jot everything down, whether it makes sense or not, just go through the creative process.

So people current problems. If you are someone that currently would be a great fit for at home laser removal, what's the current problems you face? So they have to drive to laser appointments.

Laser appointments are expensive, painful. So there's anything we can do if our product offers like painless stuff like that, that that's very helpful. Takes long time out of their day.

Okay. So if they have to like take off work, you know, like let's say their appointment is like three o'clock and take off work at two 30 appointments, an hour drive through traffic. It's like a two hour ideal or deal out of every month of their time.

So current problems, more along lines. You could also look at the other market of people that aren't using laser treatments. So people that are, you know, at home, they want to get into laser appointments, but they don't know about anything else.

They just know that's laser appointments. So other ways we could look at it is current problems of other people in the market that aren't using any type of laser appointments or anything like that. Their current problems is like with shaving.

Shaving only lasts so long. Shaving leaves bumps. And now this is basically just using my knowledge, just basic knowledge, essentially of this specific niche.

What you're going to have to do now is once you get a few things down, current problems, what you want to do now is you actually want to go out there and do some research. So great place is YouTube. So let's do laser hair removal.

Let's just search that right there and see what pops up. So what's expect? Okay.

That's cool. It might kind of give us like some ideas of like how it works. What does it look like with problems?

So like, let's click on this video. Oh, look at that right there. That's, that's funny.

So the most valuable place you can go to for customer research is the comment section on YouTube, Facebook, adverts you're already running, et cetera. So like this person right here, it's not for like a light rubber band snap. It feels like you're being stung by a beat over and over things you do to feel beautiful.

Okay, cool. So what that just showed right there is a very strong pain point of the pain from this painful. And I'm going to even go further into describing that pain because painful is different for a different perspective for everyone.

So painful feels like a bee is stinging you over and over. Okay. So like reading these comments right here helps a lot.

So like this person right here, it is saying their, their skin is so much softer because they went through this process. So let me give you something else right here. So desired situation is soft skin, obviously hairless desired situation.

I just kind of start diving into this because now that we're actually reading comments, we can start to see what people are, are going through. Okay. So this person just said about how bad it is also to wax.

So current problems hate waxing. Okay. So let's also try to at home and see what we get to from other people's experiences with products.

So here we go. Got someone right here, update, regrowth. So there's definitely mixed updates for this particular influencer.

So much better than waxing. Okay. Professional laser removal is less, more accessible.

So what you want to do is once you finish up kind of going through a bunch of customer research and stuff, you basically want to ask yourself these questions while you're going through comments on YouTube, comments on YouTube is a great place, support inbox questions and stuff like that. Other websites. So like a popular one right there we were seeing, um, was Kinsey IPL.

So like that was a brand we found through this also look at their reviews of their particular products. So let's just click on one of this and let's just go through the reviews. Okay.

Ton of reviews. And like I said, you can do more audience research like that. And then you can also to look at some of their marketing specifically reviews.

So with this exercise here is you're really starting to like understand your audience. You're understanding their current problems and you're understanding their desired situation. So soft skin, hairless, painless laser treatments.

So these IPLs and stuff offer less pain essentially with, uh, this specific treatment right here, painless laser treatments. You know, maybe you just do it 10 minutes a day. That's it.

It's all it takes is 10 minutes a day, maybe even five minutes a day, five minutes a day, or maybe even five. Let's just do 10 minutes a week. That's all it takes 10 minutes a week to do this particular, this process, essentially hairless, painless look amazing in their bikini.

Cause it's mostly girls. And that's what a lot of people are getting. Yeah.

And obviously you can go deeper into this. So we, we, we established our current problems and we're also looking at their side situation. And then let's say, Oh, let's also add two more accessible hair, uh, laser treatments, more accessible laser treatments, um, save money, save time.

So that's their desired situation. That's where they're trying to go. They're trying to spend less on these laser treatments, trying to do them.

They're not necessarily trying to do them at home. That's not really the care they're trying to save time on this. They're trying to save money.

They want to be less pain. And they also too, if it can be less money, cool, less pain, less time. So our offer here, our offer where we're putting together is essentially, this is what it's going to start to look like.

Painless at home laser treatments that take less than 10 minutes a day to complete. Okay. You can also do something like never shave again with the, you know, I think I saw like the, that brand we're looking at was Kenzie.

Well, we're going to make, you know, that agile IPL device and you can even do never wax again, never wax again with the agile IPI IP device. And then you can also like, let's add that into as well shave or wax again. There we go.

So that's our offer right there, essentially. So that's how we're going from our current problems to our desired situation. And again, there's a few different angles.

You can come with this. You can focus on the never shave again or wax again with the IPL device, or you can do, you know, save time and money, save time. Let's see, no more making appointments for laser hair removal.

Do it yourself at home for less and less than, than 10 minutes a day. So this is another angle right here. So this is, this is one offer.

This is another offer. And then this is also another offer as well, which we're about to do right here. Laser appointments, expensive.

So do expensive. This is, so these are basically what we're offering to the consumer. We are offering them their desired situation through this device.

And then again, like this is like your essentially your angles of which you can approach this offer. You're offering them soft skin, hairless, painless laser treatments, 10 minutes a week, look amazing in their beginning. You're offering them this transformation through this device.

And these are all the different ad angles you can create along that offer as well. So like this will be a piece of ad copy. This will be a piece of ad copy.

This will be a piece of ad copy, or this will be like an ad. Each one will be an ad of a different way you can target the market. This is your offer.

This is what you're offering them essentially. But yeah, so that's just like how I look at offers. I think a lot of people look at it purely as just like a discount site-wide, et cetera.

And I also want to touch on that as well too, because for me, I look at an offer as what are you offering them? What's the, what's the value you were offering them? You know, I offered to you in this video of how to learn about offers.

Other videos I offered to you how to learn Facebook ads, and you got that value from that video and transformed your life. That was what I offered to you. It took you from your current situation to your desired situation.

That was my offer. And then based off, once you do this whole thing right here, you can also start creating ad angles from this of different like core, like little segments of that main offer of like different ways you can target that specific outcome you'll get once you use this device. Now, this is literally how I do like ad planning and stuff.

I have a little bit more scientific way of how I do it. But that's definitely like the main cause or the main specific focus of it. Now, I get a lot of also the big question of what about an offer in terms of like a discount, bundle and save, et cetera.

So the way I look at that, that for me is like a proposal. So for example, I'm offering you this amazing relationship and everything. So that's what a girl or a guy is really saying yes to in a marriage.

Now, when they pop the ring out, that ring right there has no significance with anything. That ring didn't make them say yes or no. It's the experience they've had so far together and the experience they're looking forward together with what that ring signifies.

That ring is pretty much just the cherries on the top. So I look at that as the discount code. So this is the current problems, the desired situation.

And this is like also to kind of like what we're offering them, this transformation we're offering them by using our product. These are ad angles and stuff that we can target that specific offer with. And how do we just make it like the diamond or the cherry on top?

And that's when we throw in a discount. You can do a bundle and save two for one by two, get third one for free, free shipping over X amount, spend X amount and get X. So like there's different free gifts and different options you can do with that.

So that's what that ring does. That ring is pretty much that monetary value of savings you get when you purchase something at a certain time, your desired situation, which you're offering them to get them to that desired situation. That's your core offer.

Essentially people buy outcomes, not features. So in our ad angle, we're really focusing in that ad angle of really showing them and visualizing for them that outcome they're going to get by buying the, what we're offering them. Hope that makes sense guys.

I feel like I didn't do the best job explaining this. So make sure you hit the like button. If you feel like you've gotten some level of value from this now, going back to creative testing and audience testing, this is when I'm going to start going and going to my creative testing campaigns and testing these new angles.

I like to constantly test new angles because there's unlimited different ways to sell a product. So that's something you need to look at, but I think this is probably the most complex way of more marketing psychology I've ever put together on a channel. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Now, look, if you're making 25 K or more with your econ business, and you would love for us to work with you on your campaigns, help you out, kind of guide you of what route you need to go with your account to really scale and hit that next goal in your business, make sure you hit the link below and book call with me. My team will hop on a call at you and do like a little strategy session with you. And it will give you kind of like our best advice of where to go next.

You can do it yourself. If you want, run from the call, cool information for you, or you can have the option to work with this. If that's something you choose to do.

Now, if you're making less than 25 K enough, make sure you click the link below and sign up for the elegant e-com VIP list. This will be a course I would release in where it's going to be deep into more of like this marketing knowledge and marketing psychology and stuff. So that way you can actually replicate some of the stuff we do with brands to yourself and your brand and help you brand grow.

So make sure you sign up for that VIP list. The first 50 people are going to get, um, the first 50 people who purchased the course will get for $500 USD and people after that are going to have to purchase that $1,000. So make sure you get on that list and be one of the first 50 people on that list, um, or be on that list and purchase it right when it comes out.

Because like I said, for the fat list, we'll get first access and it will be, um, for the first 50 people only for $500. So make sure you're on that list. So, but like I said, a lot of marketing knowledge and stuff.

We're going to dive into things we've done to help brand scale six and seven figures. You can get all my SOPs step-by-step processes. And literally I train my team members for with that.

They can literally come in and my business and immediately start producing really good results because they have the actual step-by-step plan to follow. So with that being said, if you enjoyed this video, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Again, my name is Nick's Herio. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.

Have a great day.