Here's exactly how you can get a 3x robust with Facebook ads in 2024. And this is exactly what I say to clients when they come to me with, hey, Nick, we want a 3x robust with Facebook ads when working with you. And my very response to that every time a student comes down to me is, hey, why do you need a 3x robust?

Why do you need a 4x? Why do you need a 2x robust? Because what I find is working with hundreds of students, dozens of clients is that they don't really know why they need this number.

It's just based off of something that someone has told them. And it's important to understand that that can actually be hurtful to people because not every business is the same. Not every business has the same margins.

Not every business even has the same purchase objectives. Not every business has the same product journey. And if you need a 3x robust, there's nothing wrong with that at all.

Like there's literally nothing wrong with it at all. Totally achievable. Like you can crush it.

If you don't need it, then why is that the goal? Why is that the goal of which you're going to base everything off of? Because it could, like I said, hurt you more and prevent you from scaling the business at a faster rate.

So what I like to do is take a step back and actually do scenario modeling with every single client, student of what exactly they actually need to hit in their account to be able to scale their Facebook ads, to be able to have enough cash in the bank, to be able to grow month over month at a comfortable rate. So this is the CPA calculator. You can get the link for it.

You know, link will be below for you guys where I can, you know, make a copy. Just go to file, file, make a copy. I got a lot of people that sit there and request access.

I just, you know, beat you guys off. So just make sure you go to file, make a copy for that right there. Now, what you'll do here is you'll type in like your AOV, for example, $26.

This is from a recent sales call right here. So yeah, $26 AOV with $8 cost of goods, roughly about a 69% margin right here. So about $18 of profit per AOV.

Keep in mind, you can also add in things like refund rates. You can also add in things like percentage of like transaction from processing fees and stuff like that. But typically what I find is that if you do around a 70% margin, gross margin or better, then those are fairly, you know, won't make a huge chunk of your performance and stuff like that.

Then your LTV over the last three months, lifetime value of each customer. This particular brand right here is actually in a terrible position because they have no LTV yet. So it's going to be very, very hard for them to scale.

You can see right here though, their three month, new customer return or their current customer like return on AdSman. It's around 1.56. So they're currently doing a 1.56 right now.

Robots with a $26 AOV and a breakeven ROAS of 1.44. Now we ended up not working with this particular client right here because just these metrics look terrible right there. There's a lot that needs to be in the fix for the business.

We need to improve AOV first significantly. I'd say it needs to be around like 70 to $100. We also need to look at improving LTV.

So there's just so much going on with this account that we had to fix before we could scale that it just didn't make sense for us to work with them. Now, I will keep going through this scenario right here. And let's say, hey, could we fix it?

How would we fix it and stuff? So let's kind of go through a couple of those things right there. But first, I want y'all to see the scenarios.

So this is their current scenario right now. I'll be getting a 1.56 ROAS. Now it says NC ROAS.

That's new customer return on AdSman. That's what I like to measure everything on. If you have triple well, you can see NC ROAS.

If you do not have triple well, then you need triple well, CNC ROAS. Simple as that. Then ad spend, $45,000.

Gross margin, 70%. Revenue, $70,000. After cost of goods, shipping and handling and stuff, about $21,000 in expenses.

That's also including like ad spend and stuff like that. Well, not really including ad spend, but you get the point. So we're left about $3,600 of profit.

After cost of goods, ad spend subtracted by that revenue. And again, that's not including warehouse space. That's not including like other employee costs and stuff like that.

Because those do not scale as you spend more on Facebook. A lot of those are fixed costs. So that's also another reason why I don't add those in.

I'm looking for things that like every order, what expenses are those for? But yeah, so about $3,600 in profit because they have no LTV. They're looking at about, you know, basically $3,600.

Now this number and this number, you subtract these two numbers. So like this number increases into this number. So like this is basically means after three months, they made $0.

Because you subtract the two, it comes out to zero. Now, how do we improve this? So easy thing first, we can improve the AOV.

Let's say we just improve this AOV by, I don't know. Like let's literally just say, let's just increase the price of the product. So we're selling it for $26 right now.

Let's just say if we get that to $29.95. All right. We increase the price of the product.

Nothing else changed. Cost of goods still stays the same because we just increased the price of the product. We're at a 73% margin.

We're at a breakeven around us with 1.36 now. Yeah. Now we have, you know, $6,000.

Oh wait, I do need to improve this as well. $29.95. There we go.

Yeah. So let's say, there we go. 1.56 ROAS.

You know, we have a total now of $6,449 in profit versus the $3,600. LTV still did not improve. So that's still the same basically.

But now we're at $6,000 in profit. We doubled profit in a single month. Now let's look at it from another perspective.

Let's say we improve ROAS. Let's say we get to it too. We find better creatives.

We find, you know, better winning at like landing page and stuff, maybe AvaTor or things like that. So now we increase profit. So literally all we did was raise the price of the product from $26 to $29, $3.

That's it. That's not a huge difference right there. We improve product page, make the product page converted a higher rate.

We also improve, you know, the creative side right there. Now we're at $20,000 in profit. Again, we haven't touched ad spend.

We're still spending the same $1,500 a day in ad spend. But all we did was raise AOV and we improve ROAS. And that way we can, you know, lower like our CPA and things like that.

So now we're at $20,000. Keep in mind, we're at $3,600 at the beginning of this video. So how do we take it to the next level, right?

So we already improved the AOV. You know, maybe we do like a, all right. Like let's just say, for example, this product right here, there's an upsell, right?

Oh, wait, hold up. I got one. So we improved the price of the product.

We increased the price of the product. That's how we got to $29,95. Now we have no upsells.

Let's say we add in AppleCare. I love to help people AppleCare is like the easiest way to collect money. So AppleCare, all AppleCare is, is you go create a product on your Shopify store.

You call it, you know, insurance for that product right there. So, you know, like for example, like iPhone, they do AppleCare. AppleCare is literally charges Apple nothing, but charges you like maybe 10% of the product, right?

So it's a product you create that has no cost of goods, no shipping, no nothing. But it basically tells people that, hey, if you purchase this AppleCare, you have any problems with the product and you purchase this, you get a whole new product shipped to you. I like to usually tell people to price at about 10% of the product price.

So this is a $29,95 product. I would say, hey, let's put about $3. I'll just round it up to about $5.

Let's say we get about 30% take rate on that, out of that $5. So let's say it raises AOV about, you know, $2. So let's just say it's now like $31.95 because we had that AppleCare to the product.

Now we're at $22,000, okay? So we went from $20,000 to $22,000. We added a whole $2,000 more in profit to, you know, this particular business, right?

Per month. That's amazing. Like $2,000 over 12 months.

That's 24 grand a year in profit. That's like a beginning job right there, you know, minimum wage job right there. All we did was add AppleCare to it.

Okay, cool. So we're moving the right direction now. Still no big differences in AOV.

So let's add a whole nother product to it. Let's say the first product is, I don't know, some type of supplement. Let's say it's a energy supplement, right?

Let's say it's pre-workout. We'll do pre-workout. That's what this product is.

So pre-workout for the first order. Plus they get AppleCare on it. I guess that doesn't really make sense, but you get the point here.

Now let's say they purchased the pre-workout and then we do an upsell for like a shaker cup, right? You know, those little shaker cups and stuff. Let's say we call that $10 with a 70% margin.

So it'll take about $3 to fulfill. And let's say we have a 30% take rate on that as well. Let's just say it raises this about another, you know, $34 or another like $3.

And then our cost of goods also goes up to like on average, let's just say, you know, 30%. Let's say like $9 right there. Again, these are averages over like hundreds of orders and stuff like that.

There we go. Ooh, that actually hurts profit right there. See what happened?

So we increased the cost of goods by a dollar because we had the shaker cup and we improved AOV by $3, but it actually hurted profit right there. Okay, cool. So in that particular case, we have to do two things.

One, we just increase the price of the shaker cup or two, we just go back to originally what it was, which was $8 cost of goods. And I think I had this at $31.95. There we go.

Cool. So AOV improvements not really working. We're kind of stuck at the AOV side right there.

Let's look at LTV now. What can we do for LTV? So if we're selling pre-workout, right?

Well, we know pre-workout is highly addictive. And people are going to keep coming back to purchase. And right now our LTV is pretty much just whatever AOV is because we don't have any repeat customers.

So maybe we set up a subscription app on the website. Maybe we're pushing some emails to get people to subscribe and save, right? And over three months, we're seeing about, I've seen for a very similar supplement brand, I've seen this be around like $40, I'd say probably around like $45.

So think about it, like 10% of your customers subscribe and save. And over the next three months, 10 to 20% subscribe and save. So about those customers are getting auto-billed and stuff like that.

Now that AOV increases about $45 on a three-month basis. So again, we were at $22,000 month one with, hold up. I want you guys to actually see this real time right here.

So $22,000 in profit all the way up to, you know, $22,000. So we weren't making anything more, right? Because we had no LTV.

Then we improved this to $45. We got to subscribe and save on the website. People are getting auto-ship these products where we have to spend zero on advertising to get people to come back.

Now all of a sudden, $22,000 subtracted by $50,000. This is going to come out to somewhere around $28,000. Now this is where compounding effort starts to come in play.

So month one, we'll do $22,000 in profit, right? Then month two, we'll do about $36,000 in profit. Now our day one profit, $22,000.

But we'll have $13,000 in retention. Customers coming back and purchase again, which is going to improve that profits about $36,000 in month two. And guess what happens in month three?

We have our day one profit and we have the last two months of customers purchasing again. Some of those customers purchasing again, those $13,000. Guess what?

Now we're at $50,000 a month in profit, okay? Now our day one, roughly about $22,000 and another almost $28,000, almost 50% of your profit coming in purely just from returning customers. Now this is where it gets fun because now you can start looking at, okay, well, we're doing good now on the profit side.

And again, we haven't even really touched ROAS, right? But we're doing 50K a month in profit off $90,000 a month in revenue, like nothing crazy. So this is where I start to like look at, okay, cool.

How can we start to like improve this? So first thing I like to look at is can we spend at the same ROAS with the same metrics? So we're spending $1,500 today.

Let's say we've bumped that up to $3,000 today. $44,000 month one, $100,000. Let me do it like this so it'll be easier for you guys to see.

So two extra ROAS, $90,000 in spend. We do $44,000 in month one profits. Over the next three months, we'll do another about $6,000 in profits.

And you'll see right here, month one, month two, month three. Month three, we're at 100K in profit after we wait about three months of these kicking in and stuff like that and also having like our retention really flowing in through and all those good things right there, you know? So this is solid.

This is really good. Now, obviously, we want to keep pushing harder. So let's say we do something even crazier.

Let's say we scale at break even or like 1.5 ROAS because me and you both know the more you spend, ROAS starts to dip. But let's start spending significantly more money, right? So let's go over to our ad spend.

Let's say we double that again. Let's say we're spending, you know, $180,000 per month, you know, on Facebook ads or let's just say $150,000, about 5K a day, you know, baby numbers right there. So day one profit, $18,000, $87,000 in profits right there.

But oh shit, you know, we're acquiring 7,000 customers, but we're making less profits because there is less people, you know, just ROAS ain't there. Now, this is where a lot of people get stuck. They'll be like, oh, well, I gotta go prove ROAS again, blah, blah, blah.

It's like, no, how can we actually make this work? So we're selling pre-workout, for example. Let's say we do start doing like some fitness planning.

Maybe we launch some new supplements and stuff like that. Maybe we do like some type of like, like a workout guide, like just some other products to our existing customers based off what they want. And somehow we get this like a $60 retention in terms of a three month LTV.

So then now we can start looking at this. So month one, $18,000 in profit. And guess what?

We go to month two, $92,000 in profit. Because now all these other products are starting to come in play. Then month three, we had $166,000 in profit.

Guess what? All we did was improve retention. And we have a lower ROAS than that 2X.

And we're making $66,000 more a month in profits. Now, again, we're only probably hovering around, you know, 150K a month in ad spend. Roughly about, I would say $400,000 a month in revenue.

Because again, this is the revenue over like three months. So we're, you know, it's not technically $422,000 a month. So I'd say somewhere around 300K a month.

So we're a little over around a 2X, 2.5X overall doing roughly about 166K a month in profits. So that is solid right there. That's really good.

Now, this particular brand right here, if they would be crying about 3X ROAS and they were spending, let's just say, I don't know, $10,000 a month. Because they're crying because they can't get to that, you know, 3X ROAS, right? And they just kept on doing that $3195, right?

In the beginning scenario. They would be stuck right here. And just because they have such a low AOV and very difficult to hit that, then they would just never scale their brand, right?

And if they never scale their brand, they'd be held in that particular position because they've been trying to chase a particular ROAS goal versus actually just running the scenarios themselves. And this is what I love to do. I love to do the scenario modeling to understand, hey, client, you want this 3X ROAS, you want this 4X ROAS.

Cool. Love that. Like, let's just do some numbers though, right?

Like, I promise to help you get there if the numbers make sense. But the numbers just simply do not make sense. Then let's run those numbers and figure out what do you actually need?

I've seen cases where people need a 5X, 6X ROAS to make their business work. And guess what? Instead of looking at 3X ROAS, we set the goal for 6X ROAS because that's what they needed to make their business work.

I've seen people that had eyesight on 3X ROAS and it was severely limiting their business because they only need like a 1.5 to break even. So anything above 1.5 is great. And it was limiting their business growth.

So this is why like when people come to me, hey, Nick, I need a 3X ROAS. I'm like, great. Let's just simply do the numbers.

Let's model a couple of different scenarios and really understand. What most people have a perception is 3X ROAS equals profits and they want to make money. They want to make profits.

So the whole goal with this sheet here is to model those profits out for their business so that way they better understand, okay, hey, if I want to hit that 100K profit goal, there's a couple different ways I can look at hitting it. And one way is not necessarily, you know, like there's not just one particular scenario when you go far. And typically I like to try a couple different scenarios out for that reason to really kind of give like, hey, here's what we can do in this particular scenario.

Here's what we can do in this scenario. And here's what we can do in this scenario. Let's set our goal for this scenario.

But if this doesn't work, then we'll use this as a backup plan. That's typically what I like to do with clients and students. And that's what works the best for us over the last couple of years.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Again, this sheet will be download linked below. Make sure to leave a like.

Make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you have any questions around this video, drop a comment below. Love to have something for you.

And yeah, if you're looking to scale your business from, you know, if you're stuck at six figures a month and you want to go to seven figures a month, I've helped multiple brands now scale to seven figures a month. Love to help you be that next one. Just click the link below.

Have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And if you want to be mentored monthly by me, click the link below Nick Terrio mentoring. And then lastly, if you're looking for an intermediate to advanced Facebook ads course, it goes into marketing psychology, consumer psychology, all those good things.

Click the link below Nick's Facebook ads course. Thank you all so much for watching. Have a good day.

Peace out.