How to create more winning Facebook ads. Maybe you're likely going ahead, you're testing new Facebook ads, you're trying to find new winning Facebook ads, and just nothing's working. And look, I've been there before, it's happened to me dozens of different times, and I finally kind of found like the common three things that a lot of people do, and even me personally, that I've tested and have actually helped me find way more winning ads inside my ad accounts.

So if you're kind of questioning why I'm credible, I've done over $100 million in online revenue with Facebook ads, I run an agency, mentor students, and all that good stuff. So yeah, let's go ahead and get started. So first things first is commonly used assets.

I see this all the time. I made this mistake huge for one of our accounts, this one particular brand, one of my first clients or second clients ever. And I just kept using the same visual over and over and over.

And all I do is I just kept changing the body copy. And I see this mistake so often, where they just keep changing the body copy, keep changing the body copy. They're testing new ads when reality is they need a new visual.

The visual is responsible for about 80% of the results, and they're focusing on the 20% thing that just the 80% doesn't affect on. You know, put it in perspective right here. Imagine if I uploaded the same YouTube video every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Exactly the same video, but I just kept changing the title. That's all you're doing right there. So for this account, you know, we were doing like 1K a day, and I was able to scale up to like 5K a day, even 10K a day at one point.

And it wasn't until I introduced new creatives. You can see right here, we kept using the same thing over and over. You can even see like the likes, the comments, not even that great.

All of a sudden, I found new ads. You know, this girl right here, she just filmed this like 10-second video for me. And then, you know, this one right here is just a simple, literally graphic ad, nothing even fancy at all.

And then this other one right here, which is just basically the same thing as this girl, and just, you know, older girl, country, southern side right there, and just completely transformed this account. That's when I learned my lesson, my biggest lesson on Facebook is that, you know, if you keep doing iterations with the same creative over and over and over, it just wears people out. You need to be creating fresh things that's new.

I'd say 90% of the creatives you introduce in the account need to be brand new things, fresh content, fresh types of designs. It substantially improves the performance for accounts. Now, the next one is positioning.

And I'll show you guys a really great example right here. You know, this is one of our accounts right here that we're currently actively running ads for right now, one of our clients. And, you know, this is like a product aware, I mean, not a product aware, a problem aware ad.

We're showcasing the problem of high ambulance bills. And we're showcasing a solution, which is, you know, our basically like our ambulance insurance right here. And, you know, we stayed at this problem aware market now for like, I don't know, I'd say like 12 months for this account.

And what happened was is we stayed at this account for a while. And the problem with a problem aware market is there's not many people that are actively aware of the problem on ambulance bills. So when we articulate this, it just kind of like, oh, no big deal.

So we needed to go into an unaware market because, you know, ambulance bills being a problem is a pretty unaware problem. So we changed up the position of this account. And we went from like a 45 to $55 CPL down to like a $33 CPL for a full year.

We've been running this ad for over a year now, you know, since finding it. And it's still crushing to this day. So we just changed the positioning.

Obviously, you can see right here, it mentions nothing about ambulance bills. What this allows us to do right here is actually reaches substantially more people. I've already broken this ad down in another video recently.

But long story short, you know, we call out an audience and we kind of give them a little bit of like curiosity. And we kind of hint at, you know, what this could potentially happen here. And yeah, there's no thing to talk about ambulance bills.

But we call out this little known secret about Medicare, which like almost 80% of seniors in the USA are in Medicare, which is a large group of people. And then we go ahead and we introduce the problem. Hey, little known secret, you could be exposed to this problem.

Here's how much money it costs. Here's the solution. And yeah, we significantly dropped the CPL for this account.

So positioning. Again, it's going to be market awareness. I have a lot of videos on market awareness on YouTube channel.

Desire. We've also done this before with the metal address signs company you see in the beginning. We were kind of just showcasing like, hey, great for your wall, great for your wall.

But then we shifted over to the perfect gift for your partner. And it's substantially increased sales because we found a better desire across the marketplace to position the product with. There's also market sophistication.

I have a few videos on the channel as well about market sophistication. But it's basically just like skepticism of how many products people have tried before yours. Now, lastly, is competence.

So, you know, you can mess around with the positioning of the product in the marketplace. You can mess in with the types of visuals and stuff like that. Film new visuals.

You can test a few different levels of positioning and how you put it in the marketplace. The last one's competence. And, you know, this is one that we just have to address.

And this is basically your skill set. So, you know, for example, you may think a creative is good. Like you get so many students.

Hey, Nick, my creative looks amazing. Can you check it out? And I'm like, this is trash.

I'm very bluntly honest with all of my students. And I do that because it's tough love. Like I want to be honest with you because I don't want you to waste your time and waste more money on ads than testing that.

If I see some ads, I'm like, that thing looks amazing. And I'm even as soon as like, man, that's terrible. But then it crushes.

There's just, there's, you know, to create great ads, you need to really know what a great ad is. And I'm someone that's done over $100 million of Facebook ads. So, I've been around the block enough to where I've seen a couple ads that just really take off and crush it.

And the key things that you need to put in an ad that really make it work. So, just more experience. I mean, you can't really speed up experience.

You really start to notice this after about a year deep into this, you can really start to understand like what's a great ad, good ad. I'm also going to put some more, how much effort you put into it. I know some people that's been around here for three or four years.

They don't really study ads at all. And they still can't tell what's a great ad. So, competence, huge one.

But you can train that up. Review ads every single day. Look at ads and brands that work really well.

And then also too, train up. Read copywriting books. Keep watching the channel like you're doing.

It's also going to increase your competence and your skill set and your experience when it comes out to like Facebook ads and everything like that. So, yeah, guys, these are the main three things that, you know, when we tweak and I see this amongst my students, clients and stuff like that. I mean, it really helps a lot with help us finding more winning ads.

And I hope you guys found this valuable. You implement any of these? Drop a comment below because I'm actually very curious.

You know, we'll make sure you guys get value as well from this. So, curious what you implement, how it worked and all that good stuff. I'd love to see it.

Drop a comment below. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you want me to run your ads or if you want to be in my mentorship program, links below for those too. And, yeah, guys, my name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.