What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. I don't know, it's like 3 o'clock in the afternoon.

Today is the birthday vlog. A little late in the day and because there's a lot of activities that will be going on today. May 27 years old, so we're about to go get a little workout in.

Just finished shipping on some pre-workout right now. I just finished up the inner circle call for the week. It's Friday afternoon, so we're about to have a good weekend.

And if you're already going to follow me on social media, you already know I got something new in the mail. It's pretty fun. We got a new car and we can go check that out right now before hitting the gym and getting into the festivities tonight that we'll be jumping into.

So yeah, so finding this car, number one, I would have never thought about like a Carvette. This is actually probably on the lower end of my list of just like dream cars I wanted to own. But essentially what happened was is I was in the market for Lambo, obviously, just like anyone else.

And there's this thing called like loan history where, you know, long story short, like you can't jump from like a high loan of $50,000 all the way up to like $300,000, for example. So you have to kind of like jump in increments. I was going from was like $50,000 Mustang to like $150,000 McLaren.

And then it was just like the down payment was terrible. So, but yeah, love it. I still have the red Mustang as well.

If you guys are OGs on the channel, I know I posted that in 2019 of December. You just go to my channel like buying Mustang GT and you'll see that video right there. I still keep in that car as my daily.

This car is purely my fun car as there's really not much heating and stuff like that inside of it. But all right, guys, if you live on the rock, you should know now that this is a C8 2023 Carvette. It's the 3LT with the Z51 package, not Z06, Z51.

So just to be clear here, road person Carvette, you know, not the Z06, the fancy one, but extremely pleased of everything it has. We're going to take a walk around with it. We went with the all black outside, which, you know, I was stuck between the red, but as mentioned, I still have the red Mustang GT, but I wanted something very different and I love having a just different color car, everything I purchased.

So we went with the all black Vette. We got the black wheels with the, I don't know if those are Brimbos or what, but it's the upgraded brakes and everything on it with the Michelin Pilot Sports. We have the all tan interior, which I absolutely love.

I've never had an interior that was tan like this. I always had like black or gray. I mean, you could be at a dead stop at a stoplight and just floor it and this thing grips and launches forward.

I think 0 to 60 with the Z51 package comes down to like 2.8 seconds. And trust me, you feel every bit of it. So yeah, guys, this is my new C8 Carvette.

Goals to rock this, I don't know, maybe a year or two years and then eventually go for the Lambo. So a little ways out from it, but definitely a fun car and highly recommend it. He hasn't played all day.

He's the Yeah, we just completely felled. Well, I wouldn't say really felled. The execution went perfectly, but the whole was over executing.

Over executing. Unfortunately, we couldn't film the gym today, so we just did a quick little back and bicep workout. Then I shall solve it with more foot dogs with the family.

And now, well, brought us out some fun some friends. A little surprise outside as well. You guys shall see in a little bit.

Hey, if we're still like, focus on that. Fuck, it's not going too hot. Oh, no, we're not.

Let's go, let's go, let's go. It ain't working. There we go.

That's working a little bit better. Yeah. The salt makes the ice melt.

And so it just, and it gets like below. It gets really cold quick. But it stays liquid.

So it's like, you know, if it gets like 28 degrees, make the whole water 28 degrees you're like immediately. This reacting to it? Yes.

God, y'all filmed it too. So that's bad. Y'all ready?

Okay. Happy birthday. Count.

Dick. I love it. Oh, yeah.

What's going on guys? Why don't you come with us? Let's go take a look what we got for us tonight.

Tonight we got us a nice little bus. A little party bus for the night. Garrett is 6 feet tall.

This is the first I've ever seen Topgolf with like not the surface. We got the pro first in Topgolf over here. Let's have some fun.

First hit. This will be a good night or both? Gimme that.

Let me see that. That was not good. There we go baby!

My secret dream job is to drive that goddamn car dude. Look at your girl. Get that horse.

Damn man. Look at that. Miss which kinda happens We're sweating.

We were sweating. You can do the drop. aqui Essentially.

It's gonna throw away an orange scarf. Let it go of theare IP rest is just we are hitting if amerit adventures. This is about $20 a year, from a fake no to 8-25 that you missed.

I think we're going to get shouted.