First, middle, and last name. Yes. Full name.

Full name. Not your nickname. Not Nick.

Nicholas. You can't mess up. Okay.

I mean, most people, like, understand the first one, and they move on. It's, like, usually the half. I'll be right on everything else.

It's okay. What's going on, guys? Welcome back to the channel.

This is a little different than what we're typically used to on the channel. But today I have a very, very special video for you guys. We will be actually going, taking you guys with me to purchase my dream house.

Couldn't be more thankful for this opportunity right here. And first off, I just want to give a huge thank you to you guys because without y'all, it would not be possible to be able to do this. So I'm going to take you guys with me.

And I think before we get started, I'll show you a quick little, just maybe not tour, but just a little, like, look of view of what we're currently working with right now. We're in my apartment, which is the usual setup for the desk and, you know, the YouTube setup that you guys typically see in the channel. We got a couple things going on.

This is basically more of just the living room space in my apartment right now. You know, typical stuff you see in the background of the video. Currently right now playing a little bit of Gran Turismo 7.

Is it 7 or 4? I don't know. But playing a little bit of Gran Turismo before we actually head over to the Tidal company to complete the paperwork and everything.

But yeah, so let's go ahead and head over to Tidal. Got a check. Ready, buddy?

Let's do it. We got the posing gifts in here. Oh, yeah?

I'll be trying to see you whenever you get that. Be interested in that? Bar card is off if you're going to like it.

All right, bet. You got me a big-ass bottle of Don Julio. Pokes, pokes.

It's a two-parter. When I was coming in. This is where you're setting up your escrow account, okay?

To pay the 2024... So what's the next steps here? Should I come in on champagne and that's it?

That's it. Cheers, man. Yeah.

Appreciate all the hard work you've done. Help me out with this. Thanks.

It's a wine thing, right? It's a wine thing, right? It's a wine thing, right?

Well, you got the Casa Azul. Hell yeah. Casa Azul, okay?

And then I have to get to your first art peach slash bar. Okay. All right.

Tell me that doesn't scream Miami. I like it. I like it a lot.

I like the red, too. The red's going to look really good in here. Fuck yeah, dude.

Yeah, I had to start you off when you first were. So you put wine bottles? Yeah, you put wine bottles or bourbon bottles, whatever you want.

Whatever fits in there. But wine bottles would look. Yeah.

You know? We are officially done with everything from, you know, going to the apartment, checking our thing, going to the legacy title, closing on the house itself. And we officially got the keys now.

We had Nick Terrio's new house that he just purchased, over half a million dollars, and one of the world's biggest fucking zip codes in the state. All right. So this is Bryce right here.

This is my realtor. He's a very good friend of mine, but he's also my realtor. And we're actually currently in the future office setup.

We'll be moving my office in this particular part of the house in here. Is there anything you want to say specifically around just finding this house? I know we've been working together now for about two years trying to find me a place.

I'm super, super picky. So, you know, how was it trying to find this place and everything for me? And, you know.

You got to know what kind of man Nick is, all right? You know what he wants, and you're going to get what he wants. So two years in this.

I mean, it took us two years, but it was well worth it. It's worth taking your time and not selling it for. Because, dude, we looked at a ton of houses.

Houses from all the way from 1.1 to, what, like 400,000 to 300,000 condos. But ultimately, like, immediately I'm glad you found this one because we immediately knew, like, this is it. You know?

Yeah. So, dude, like, I don't think you could have got anything better. Especially the location, the size of it, exactly how your setup and your life is.

I think it hit the nail on the head, dude. Like, I think you're going to like it. But, yeah.

Let's take a look at the place. Let's kind of go around. So, obviously, this is the office area.

I'm actually going to have two offices in this place. One will be the YouTube studio and one will be the office area. So, as you walk in, you have this kind of nice little, like, bathroom area.

And this little breezeway right here where you put, like, gym bags, some of my boxing gear and stuff like that. I'll keep up here, shoes, et cetera. And then, right when you walk into the house, you have the main living room space right here.

I'm still in the process of finding furniture and stuff, but it'll probably be the same black couch I have now. We'll toss in here, TV, et cetera. And then you have this humongous kitchen, which, what do you call it, Bryce?

A chef's kitchen in here, specifically? That's a chef kitchen. It's a chef kitchen right here that we specifically have.

So, this is going to be really nice to work with. I ordered DoorDash 95% of the time, but actually having a gas stove now is something that actually makes me want to get back to cooking, especially with some good steaks. That'd be nice.

And then we have this nice little dining room area. We'll probably put some on the table. The table app now fits like four people, so we'll try to find something a little bit bigger.

It fits, you know, eight, ten, twelve people specifically inside of here. And one thing you'll notice throughout this whole place is the natural light specifically. There's a ton of natural light between these windows, these windows, the office area.

It's very open. It's very bright, and that's what we love. But as you go up, there's three bedrooms on the top floor.

Master bedroom, and then two of the guest bedrooms, which one of them will be the YouTube studio. Master bedroom, fairly nice. And then inside of here, we have the master bathroom.

One of my favorite things ever, I've got to show you this, is the tub itself. I've always been a fan of those bowl tubs. Don't know why, but I think that's like the coolest feature ever for like the bathroom specifically.

This is right here. It's going to be, it needs to be repainted because it's a pink color now. Previous owners had a girl, specifically one of their daughters.

But we'll repaint this, and this is going to be the guest bedroom. And then in here, this is the place that I'm super, super excited for. This is going to be a full, dedicated YouTube studio.

So I'm going to do something with the wall back here. I'll put my camera right here, and we'll be shooting against that wall. And I got some cool stuff planned for that, so that way, you know, be a little bit better, a little more professional now.

Especially now that we're crossing over 20,000 subscribers. You know what we're going to do? We're going to level up the production game, and that's going to be super nice going into next year.

All right, so now we're in the backyard area. And as you all know, I have a husky. So we're going to be doing a little bit of renovations back here.

There's this massive spot right here, which is all just like gravel and rock. And then it goes further around the house, so like this big L part of the backyard. So I'm actually getting the landscaper to come and rip all of this up, and we're putting sod.

So that way my dog can actually have a place to where he can just go, chill, relax about afternoon, having me to walk him around. I'm currently in an apartment complex right now. So that's going to be really nice.

It's going to be super beneficial for him. And then other than that, I mean, it's a very chill backyard. It's not super big, but it's also not super small to where I still have that spacious feeling.

And so I can come out here with a few friends, have some drinks, and relax. So I just want to give a quick shout-out real quick. Obviously, like I said, to Bryce Trahan, who's my real estate agent, and also to Derek, who with Preferred Lending, he was able to help me out with actually getting my loan and everything like that.

So if you're ever in Lafayette, Louisiana, looking to buy a house, or can you do anyone outside of Louisiana? Or just? Whole state of Louisiana.

Actually, also licensed in Texas as well. So people coming and going, friends and family, whole state, both states. Awesome.

Yeah, Derek's been super, super good for me in terms of just explaining everything for me. Obviously, this is my first home I've ever bought, so I had no clue about anything. And he was very prompt to answer all my questions, calls, all that.

So it was really nice to have Derek and Bryce on my side to find this, you know, just helping me out with the whole process, making sure I wasn't unknowledgeable about anything specifically. All right, guys, that's the tour of the house. Like I said, I just, I cannot thank you guys enough for, you know, number one, just every view on every video.

Like literally just viewing this video for longer than 10 seconds helps me out. Like from just an algorithm perspective, every like, every comment, I cannot thank you guys enough because, you know, you guys are the ones that's helped me get here. And I just want to thank you guys so much.

You know, love you guys a lot. And I drop all of this knowledge for you guys completely for free because I want to see you guys succeed at the end of the day. So again, just really appreciate all the support on the channel.

And, you know, I couldn't be more thankful for right now. Drop a like, drop a comment below if you want to see any new more lifestyle videos. You know, I've got my good friend right here, Zach, who's been able to be the videographer for this.

I'll drop his information below. If you guys ever need a videographer, you can check him out. But definitely want to do more video content with Zach as well.

So drop some comments below if you want to see some more day in the lifestyle videos. I'd be happy to do like maybe one or two a month specifically. Now, if you're maybe new to the channel and you just stumbled upon this video because you're like, who the hell is this dude?

He's 26 year old. He just bought a half a million dollar house. And you're like, what the hell does he do?

Well, I own a marketing agency. I also teach and mentor students specifically and show them how to build a skill set of being a performance marketer. I'm a performance marketer for over 12, 13 specific clients that we've helped them scale to some of them multiple seven figures a month.

And having that skill set to be able to scale brands is a high value skill set that people are being able to pay a lot of money for. So maybe you're a 26 year old. Maybe you're a little bit younger than that.

And you're looking for developing a high level skill set. That's what I do. That's what's allowed me to do these cool things like this.

All of my channel, all of my content, my YouTube channel is dedicated to show you how to do it for free. Now, if you're looking for a more coaching and mentoring aspect of me actually coming and help you, then click the link below to have Nickterio mentor you. And from there, I have a program that actually can, you know, more handhold you specifically on how to develop a high level marketing skill set to where you can go into brands and confidently generate them multiple millions of dollars a month.

So thank you all so much for watching the video. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button.

I'll see you guys next week. Take care. Cool.

Can I keep it washed? Yeah, we put it in the air. Yeah, I think we can.

Put it right there. Yeah.