I'm finally facing it all, fearless Yo, what's up guys? Welcome to the vlog. Currently sitting outside right now.

It's Saturday morning, May 30th I think. I'm about to do my journal, upload yesterday's vlog, all the footage to my computer. I don't know what we're going to do today.

We've got a pretty cool morning starting off. We're going to do a podcast. I haven't did a podcast in a while.

It's been over a year since I did my last podcast where I was actually on it. So I'll be on a podcast today and that'll be fun. So let's jump into that.

About to hop into the podcast and you guys already know what I need to waken up. Let's see. Oh, nice old 3D.

Got the orange one today. I should actually save it for tomorrow so I can like a mimosa. So yeah, so this podcast pretty much just had this guy, his name is Ollie.

He reached out to me via Instagram. I was just like, hey, I like the shit you post. We're in a few different groups together.

Honestly, it kind of felt kind of automated and kind of like, you know, copy to paste the message. But, further to fact, he does done a lot of podcasts with other people. And I always enjoy doing them now, even with like smaller channels and stuff because eventually one day I want to be on a few big ones.

And I know like, I'm just going to kind of practice with these smaller channels. So, we'll see how it goes and update you guys after. It looks like the guy I was supposed to be doing on a podcast with today just totally failed.

I guess that's something that I should be worried about when I'm taking on these smaller podcast shows. You know, people flaking like that. So, right now what I'm doing is I use that extra time that was supposed to be in the podcast.

I scheduled out for it to finish up today's vlog. Right now what I'm doing is I'm going through my ads and stuff and just checking out some of the results. Saturday mornings is usually slow, like an extra hour because people like to sleep a little later on Saturday.

So, usually it doesn't start picking up to like 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock. Right now it's 1055 AM. So, one of our stores right now is converting at a 4X return.

Already up $2500 for the day, which is absolutely insane. 4X return at 574. Another one of our stores is currently converting right now at 3X return.

We spent $719 so far today. We're up $2600. One store, eh, not doing too hot.

139 spent, 159 back. Yeah, good start to the morning. Nothing really major that needs my attention.

So, now we're going to fix some breakfast because I am starving. Ooh, there we go. Two packets of oatmeal, eight ounces of egg whites, and I guess a pineapple over there.

I'm about to sit down and watch a little bit of YouTube. So, I'm about to leave right now, head to the gym. I just launched an ad campaign with 100 ad sets in it and doing some crazy testing with some micro-bidding and stuff.

And I'll probably make a video on it in a few days just to let you guys know how that turned out. But I cannot wait to show you guys the results once that kicks up because there's been a lot of people using it in a group I'm currently in right now. And they've been crushing it with results.

So, I'm going to show you guys that in a few days. Alright, so here's the fit. And guess what?

I don't think I told you guys yet today. But we got the vans on. So, you know what that means?

Either squats or deadlifts. And we did squats Wednesday. So, guess what?

We're doing some deadlifts today. Super hyped up because I haven't did deadlifts in a very long time. I will be doing sumo deadlifts too.

I'm not doing traditional because traditional don't matter how perfect my farm is. Like it just happens. I ended up fucking my back up a little later down the road.

But sumo has never failed me once. So, we'll be doing some sumo deadlifts today. Some abs and some calves.

Saturdays is kind of like my just touch up day. And that's the only muscles I did not work this week. So, before that, we're going to get some nice carbohydrates to fuel this workout.

And what is the best way for some fast acting carbs? They did a Rice Krispie treat. So, let's go pick up one.

And we'll see you guys in the gym after. Also too, I'm dropping off Kennedy's leftovers from last night. Which is a big juicy burger to her at work.

And honestly, all I want to do is eat it. So, let's go pick up. First these first recipes, suck a shit.

Yo, the goods have been secured. Here's what I wanted. This whole bar right here is 48 grams of carbs and 6 grams of fat.

So perfect, just some pre-workout carbs and stuff. I'll probably get Chipotle after, do a protein shake a little later on, and have some food to finish off my last meal already pre-cooked at home. So I went off the cook tonight, and also this is like $2, fully it'll be like $10, so we'll be good to go.

Just got to the gym guys, super hyped up for today because I actually got a proper tripod for this workout. So I can give you way better angles during it. So let's get started.

This was the tripod I was talking about. See how it was, jumping to this workout now. Jumping, starting off this workout with some deadlifts.

First time in a while I've done any deadlifts, so found me new spots. It's the first time I've ever used the deadlift platform over here, so it's gonna be pretty cool. Iפ Bilbo.

I advise them for pre-cards too. I won't change the basket wire. If you wanna stay alive June 10th, real bowl night, June 10th, ello's just n admitting that.

If you don't want to stay alive, Your wise, we try to do some bleeds, and you have a good day. You don't want to say Greek or God, you always 21st, So I'm placed in order of your life, You must think of your money, Just got 245 for five. Now go ahead and try doing 265 for five.

245 felt good. Just my grip. It's loosening up towards the end.

I haven't put over 200 pounds in my hand in a long time. So try to change it up. Go for 265 now.

Don't close your eyes, darling. They're coming for you. Watch out.

They're coming for you. They're coming for you. You.

Watch out. They're coming for you. They're coming for you.

They're coming for you. They're coming for you. They're coming for you.

So hit it. I actually made two mistakes this week. Between counting that as 265.

It's actually 255. And then my squat this week. I thought I did 245.

actually 235 and I'm gonna work back down 10 reps of the weight that's still pretty heavy and 15 reps to burn everything out. Also check out this whole setup right here. Hopefully I got a better shot.

You can't hurt. You can't hurt. You can't hurt.

I know they're coming for you. I'm not gonna lie right now guys, I am absolutely trained right now. So, finished up the size exercise and then stairmaster for 20 minutes and then we're gonna go over to Chipotle.

I cannot wait for that because I'm absolutely starving right now. Update, that was easily the hardest cardio session I've done yet. Still 20 minutes.

I've been doing 20 minutes every day this week at level 10 on the stairmaster which is, I've always done 10 on the stairmaster since my first cut three years ago. I've always did 10 and I just bump up the timing and everything like that. Alright, I am officially miserable right now.

I am absolutely starving in traffic right now. And all I smell is good Mexican from Chewy's right there, burgers from Five Guys, and all this other really freaking good food that all I want to do is dive into. And I'm absolutely starving right now.

Oh, this is gonna be rough these next 30 days. Um, I wanna do the pinto. I wanna do half an apple the chicken and the uh, it's that special type of steak meat.

Uh, half an apple the chicken and it's that other type of steak meat, the uh... Yeah, yeah. Oh, okay, do that one.

You want a half scoop of beef or you want double beef? Double beef. I just dump everything into here.

I got a bowl. Um, stay away from a tartatics. It's more carbs, obviously.

Uh, but it's one serving of chicken, one serving of beef, uh, two servings of rice and some lettuce and pinto beans. And I'm gonna show you guys really quick what it comes out to. Let's see.

The whole thing comes out to 855 calories, 91 grams of carbs, 22 grams of fat, and 75 grams of protein. Um, and then after this, I'm gonna have two scoops of protein and almond milk. But I'm gonna have this about two hours later, um, when we're leaving to go to a little dinner thing.

And I still have 12 grams of fat, 72 grams of carbs, and 38 grams of protein for the night. Uh, we plan on eating boiled seafood tonight. So I'm gonna try to eat just the meat, uh, stay away from the sauces and stuff.

And then probably have like a drink or something and I'll fill up my carbs and my protein. So that's kind of what my whole diet is looking like today. But I'm gonna sit down now and relax cause I am absolutely dead.

Enjoy this meal. I just woke up so I didn't even brush my teeth or anything in my face. So, um, just warn you now.

Uh, it's 11 o'clock in the morning. Had to crack open a 3D real quick. Ah, honestly I felt like shit last night.

I, uh, got way too consumed with all the rioting and all that shit on Twitter. Way too consumed before bed. So my mind was just racing for a while.

Um, I can really never get to sleep good. So, but I do have a lot going on today. Thought I'm gonna give you guys a little diet update real quick.

So, we're currently, now, this is what we're looking like. Definitely laying out a little bit. And, uh, let's do a little weigh in.

Check out right now. Finally! We're at 160.

This whole week we've been about 161, 160.8, 161, and 160.2. Uh, so we've been averaging 160 since I kinda like started back up with that. But, uh, I can tell y'all right now.

The way I'm feeling and stuff. I'm back to, I'm starting to feel like I'm getting into a diet. Uh, like I'm starting to get the cravings.

I'm starting to feel the feeling of just being leaner. I'm starting to get the feeling of just consistently being hungry. Not being full after each meal.

Uh, and I'm still eating pretty good calories. I need to get this back to the diet. I'm getting the bathroom cleaned up.

I'm gonna get the house cleaned up. And after that, I'm gonna go to the store. Uh, and then be cooking later for family.

Family be coming over and stuff. Uh, so kinda get the house situated before they get here. I can see it, but I would say that's a pretty damn clean floor.

Just finished up, uh, mopping, vacuuming, all that good stuff. Now we're gonna go ahead and I need to finish up pulling some clothes. Uh, and I finally cooked breakfast.

It's 12-11 and I'm about to cook breakfast. Damn. You guys are up for meal one.

I got two packets of oatmeal. Um, eight ounces of egg whites. A little bit of hot sauce on it.

Some salt and pepper. And some cranberry juice. I normally do like a side of fruit with my breakfast in the morning.

Uh, but because I didn't have any, I'm using cranberry juice to kinda fill up the carbs. A little update. It has been a while now.

This is the last you saw on your camera. I think y'all saw like, yeah, cooking breakfast and stuff. Uh, Kennedy's over.

We've been kinda chilling and stuff. We just got back from the store. There's a bunch of other stuff that we're gonna come for the way.

Uh, but got everything we need. A few things from me for like, during the week to eat. Uh, and also everything we need for the jambalaya.

Um, that's for the jambalaya that will be cooking tonight. Um, a high-carved day. So, not like a, full cheat or cheat day, just a high-carved day.

Uh, still watching our fats and our protein. So, we're gonna get him in here.rep olhar and opportunities for cooking withBE90. Uh, over-cardwar ves бывнес.

I'm working wieder-meter.rt D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D, D. D, D, D. H, D, D.

D. D, D Hム. a few things for me for like during the week to eat and also everything we need for the jambalaya that's what we're cooking tonight um kind of like a high carb day so not like a full cheap meal or cheap day just a high carb day uh still watching our fats and our proteins so i've got a bunch of things just high in carb sugar and then tonight good jambalaya all right guys quick updates i just want y'all to see that sausage look at that mmm y'all could smell this right now so basically what it is we cook the uh pork first then we cook down the chicken and we cook down sausage take all that out cook down the vegetables and throw everything back together with the rice and uh we'll be good to go get the michelo as well and uh got a full thing all of our vegetables and stuff let's get going in there all right so i already fixed my food and ate it all but uh this is like a bowl i'll be sitting home with my parents and uh here's the final look it came out absolutely amazing and uh highly recommend it shout out to the cajun ninja on youtube for the recipe that's his uh meaty jambalaya so now i'm gonna indulge in something nice and sweet and full of carbohydrates hey guys what's going on it's actually a few days later now it's currently wednesday uh it was this weekend is when i filmed this vlog uh but i completely forgot to film an outro so here is the outro for this video i ended up kind of over estimating or underestimating how fatty the jambalaya was so instead of just like a refeed day how i wanted to be with low fats low carbs just mean low fats low protein extremely high on carbs um the fats were pretty damn high but hey that's a mistake i will learn from for the future next time i do a refeed day slash cheat day but i want to thank you guys so much for watching um if you enjoyed this video make sure you hit the like button if you're new to the channel i make facebook ad videos business videos and vlogs so make sure you hit that subscribe button i'll see you guys later peace