I studied over 1000 Facebook ads and I want to show you exactly what I've learned from these particular ads. Just on a yearly basis, my team makes about 3000 Facebook ads a year. Just over last year, my team created six new Facebook ads a week per client that we work with.

And we work with 10 accounts at a time just so we can keep the quality high and the quantity low. And our 10 accounts times six creatives, that's 60 new ads a week and multiply that by 50 something weeks in a year. That's 3000 over 3000 ads in a year.

And I've been running Facebook ads since 2015. So I've studied probably closer to about 10 to 20,000 ads, but I want to show you exactly what's working for us over the last 1000 Facebook ads we created. So number one is it calls out an ideal audience.

And this can be done in a couple of different ways. You could say something like Facebook ad advertisers. Here's how to get a better row as you can also just simply call out the benefit or the problem that they want.

Here we can see right here, straighter teeth. Here I come. All it is, it's showing the benefit that people want, which is straighter teeth.

If you want straighter teeth, you're going to want to click on this ad right here. Now, next one is that it calls out the problem that people are currently dealing with. So here we're calling out the benefit people want, which is straighter teeth.

Here we're calling out the problem people are dealing with, which is inflammation. They don't really know what the solution is yet for inflammation. So we call it the problem instead of the benefit.

Obviously the benefit can technically be no more inflammation, but inflammation is more of a problem. And right here, straighter teeth is more of the benefit right here. So just give you kind of that differences in between those two.

So only people who have currently inflammation, they'll click on this ad because it's more so a problem they're dealing with. And there's a lot of ads in the inflammation space. So since we're introducing a whole new type of product to deal with it, it's going to spike people up with hope again, showing a new product that they haven't seen before, which we're going to talk about in a second as well.

Now, the next thing is curiosity. So great Facebook ads drive curiosity to click. Now, bad Facebook ads drive curiosity from the wrong people.

So curiosity is huge. And we really want to make sure our hook, which is these things right here and this right here, this calls out our ideal audience. It calls out a benefit that they want, and it makes them curious to want to click.

So let's just first look at this ad. Is your baby not sleeping through the night? Calling out the problem, going back over it.

There's a way to get your baby sleep through the night without waking up and it's not what you think. So kind of just kind of addressing that maybe a common way is sleep meds or something like that. And then never do this if you crave restful nights.

And then click this. Now, what this ad does right here, it makes it really curious for people who want to click. No more inflammation.

It still drives curiosity of kind of what that thing is. And then same thing right here. New Year's countdown straighter teeth.

Here I come. Let's see if anyone noticed. It really makes me curious of what's going on here, especially too, since we can't really tell completely.

So these types of things right here, it makes curious people. It drives curiosity of what is that? You know, how can that help me?

I've never heard of that before. What's this new thing? And it gets people to click.

Now, again, you want to make sure your ad makes the right people click. If I do a particular person that's just in little to no close, might get a lot of clicks, but it won't be the right clicks for this particular ad right here. Now, next thing is introduce something new.

So I've been seeing these fat loss injections really start popping up over the last, say, 30 days on Facebook ads. And simply here is when everyone is saying the same thing, you know, lose weight with these pills, lose weight with these pills, lose weight with these pills. Ultimately, what happens is it's hard for your audience to differentiate of which one to click on.

So no one really clicks on any and everyone just kind of gets average results. So when you introduce a new product or like a new mechanism within your product that gets people hopeful again, what happens here is you call it out, call it desire, fat loss, fat loss injection though. It's not saying fat loss pills, fat loss injections.

How many fat loss injections can you name off your head? I've been in the weight and fit health industry and all that for the last couple of years. I haven't seen too many of these injections.

So it's fairly new to the marketplace. So all you simply do is you can either introduce a new product to satisfy the same desire that other products have tried and call that out in the beginning, or you can also develop a new name for your product. So I've been seeing this one particular person that's crushing it.

And he's basically showing how you can sell courses, for example, but he says saying courses, he's selling systems. So instead of selling courses, here's how you can sell systems and make seven figures a year. It gets people hopeful again, because they haven't seen anyone else say, here's how to sell symptoms or systems.

And for the most part, it's just a course in the way it's being delivered. Same thing for broad targeting. Broad targeting has a lot of negative skepticism and stuff and stuff around that.

When I talk about it, I've completely recalled it as unrestricted targeting. Same thing, but unrestricted targeting sounds better. It's basically the same thing though.

So introduce something new or give a new name to the product or your unique process to make you stand out from the crowd. And that's also going to make people curious because they're like, whoa, what's that fat loss injection, which is also calling out the problem or the benefit that they have right there. Next one is identity appeal.

So every ad that you create also appeals to a certain identity of who do, who does our customer want to become? If we go back to this fat loss injection, like how we show a girl that, you know, she has fairly good looking abs, fairly good looking body. I mean, she looks fit.

She looks healthy. I mean, overall, you know, if we showed an overweight person, maybe they don't really want to look like that person, but they do want to look like this particular person. Same thing here.

This is an ad from, I don't know what this is called, but GNC is number one testosterone booster shipped to your house. Showing a jacked guy, you know, because people want to become like that guy, but their testosterone is limiting them. So due to that, we showcase someone they want to become.

And then we introduce what the product is, is being shipped over to them. So these are all some really good things that I want you guys to watch this video a few times because it took me a while when I was first getting started Facebook ads to really understand this. But once I did, it allowed me to literally 5X and 10X the results for our clients.

And as mentioned, our clients, I do run a Facebook ads agency. We help accounts go from a hundred K a month to $1 million per month. We've taken four brands now.

It's about three to $4 million a month mark. And we'd love to help you out next. So click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

And if you want to be mentored by me, click the link below for our monthly mentoring, which is like more of like a group mentoring, one-on-one style. And then also too, we have just a Facebook ads course where it shows you intermediate to advanced Facebook ad tactics, specifically around the marketing fundamentals links below for that. Make sure the like button.

If you enjoyed this video, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And guys, my name is Nick Theriot. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.