Q4 is one of the biggest times of the year, specifically for e-commerce brands. This is where some brands will make literally up to 50%, even 90% of their revenue throughout the year. And is why going into Q4, which starts October 1st, 2023, you need a winning Facebook ad strategy.

And maybe you've been watching the videos, maybe you've been applying the things that, you know, you've been learning from me. But you still don't quite have it. And you need someone to essentially help you walk you through it.

While you can watch the videos, you can apply everything. You still don't have me there. And you still don't have someone to guide you through these mistakes, which could potentially help you if you overcame to have a tremendously good Q4 in 2023.

Well, guys, in today's video, I'm going to be talking to you guys about a new program I have launched actually back in 2022 of November. It's my inner circle. And I'll be showing you guys the inner circle and some new improvements I've dropped for you guys with literally a course now that's included in the inner circle with over 80 plus lessons that go specifically step by step of how to apply everything that is taught in these videos, walking you through it.

So that being said, welcome to the inner circle. And again, maybe you're already in it. Cool.

You know, great to have you there. And maybe it's the first time seeing it. Well, the inner circle is a program again, which I'll go into right now, explain everything for it.

Just don't waste your time. The whole thing is $600 per month. You can literally cancel any time and join for as little as one month.

So I'm going to use the remaining of this video now to justify the value that is brought to you by the $600 per month. And just keep in mind that $600 per month at the time I'm filming this, which is August 24th, 2023. I will be looking to raise the price to $750 a month within the next 30 days.

So just keep that in mind. Now, if you're new to the channel, you have no clue who I am. My name is Nick Theriot.

I've done over $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. And I'm seen as your trusted growth partner. I help you grow your business.

Also, I have over a million views on YouTube, which I'm not sure if that matters or not. Whatever. A couple of case studies really quick before we kind of dive into the course and everything you get.

Just some of our clients. This is a men's clothing brand. That's, you know, we spent $1.2 million in 2022, made back $5 million in revenue.

This is an ambulance insurance client. We spent $4.5 million in 2022 to acquire 10,000 customers with a $2,500 value per customer to make them about $25 million in revenue in 2022. Some mushroom supplement brand where we literally spent $703,000 in 2022, made back $1.9 million in revenue.

And then this is a kids sports brand where we spent $1.7 just in Q4 of 2022 and made back $6 million in revenue. So with all that being said, what all do you get in this program and how can it be beneficial to you? First off, you get a full course from intermediate to advanced Facebook ads.

There's over, it says 74 lessons, but I've actually added about 10 new lessons since I've made this specific doc. So it's actually about 82, 83 lessons now that's in it. Advanced Marketing Fundamentals, where I literally take the whole book of breakthrough advertising and break it into a Facebook ads applicable course.

And I literally show you step-by-step of how to apply that book to Facebook ads with examples. How to perform market research, where I literally show you how to do market research step-by-step, how we do it with one of our accounts. How to create ads that convert, actually going through the ad creation process, how we systemize everything, how to film content, how to film fresh content for your brand.

For an active ad account, how do we run the ad account setup for a new ad account, how we set that up. Ad account management, what's our day-to-day look like for these accounts. Ad concept management of actually the continuous reproduction of new ad concepts into the accounts.

And while actually the time of this video is being filmed, uploaded, and everything like that, this is actually live now. And we have three lessons now on the BFCM warm app, which is step-by-step strategies to apply for your brand in 2023 for BFCM to win, which is Black Friday Summer Monday. And a few goodies for you guys in the bonus items.

So a lot of amazing content for you guys that can't really put on YouTube, but it's actually showing you some of the ads you ran, actually showing you step-by-step of things in the account that I just personally wouldn't show it on YouTube because it just wouldn't get more of most views or because it just can't be shown due to, you know, it's like client stuff. Now, on top of this, you also get a 130-minute call with me per month. It's a private one-on-one call with me.

Again, you just book my own time. And this is where, you know, outside of the group chat, outside of the weekly Q&A calls, you also get. This is for something where you can ask questions and things like that, that you typically couldn't share inside of the group.

Now, you also get a weekly 90-minute Q&A call. On top of this Q&A call, I also always start off this call, typically with a lesson, majority of calls. So I'll do a live lesson for about 20 to 30 minutes, and then we'll jump into a 60-minute Q&A where, you know, members can ask questions.

Typically, we'll have about, you know, anywhere from 5 to 10 students per call. So there's plenty of time for each student to articulate a question, get an ad reviewed, maybe show something in their ad account. Really great time right there.

All the call recordings are also dropped in the group chat, which can be easily accessed for later in replay. So if you can't make a call, then great time to take a review it. And next thing you get is also a 24-7 Telegram group chat.

So this is where you can ask any questions. You can show any ads, get reviewed, any problems you have, and you can articulate to your group. You can also connect with other people.

We have multiple people in here doing multiple six figures a month. We also have multiple people spending a couple hundred dollars a day, and a multiple suite of people. So two in that kind of like 50 to 100K mark in terms of revenue.

Now, you also get any new strategies, tools, SOPs, anytime I create a Google Doc and stuff like that, that I think is a value. I drop it in the group. So you guys are always the first people to get anything as well.

Now, imagine what would it do to your business if every time you had an ad problem, you can reach out to a group of advertisers, plus Nick Terrio, and get immediate feedback on what to do. How much faster could you overcome barriers you've been stuck at for months under the guidance of someone who's been there before many times and overcame? Can't tell you how many times I've been just stuck with a problem for months, and then reach out to a mentor, and then boom, solved it immediately.

So it's like a real-life cheat code to essentially help you overcome things faster. If you can overcome things faster, that's only gonna help you get successful faster. How much more money could you make after understanding how to create expert-level ads from someone that's done over $80 million with Facebook ads?

I've done over $80 million in Facebook ads for clients. You know, how much more better could your business be? How much more money could you make if you could tweak your ads and actually get your ads reviewed by me and actually me give you ad ideas to run, which could effectively help your business scale faster?

And then how much more would you make? Like, what would that look like for your business? Again, quick recap of everything you get.

24-7 Telegram support, group support, $1,000 value, weekly Q&A calls, $2,000 value, one-on-one Nick Tariff for 30 minutes. Once per month, that's $500 value. Keep in mind, I charge $1,000 an hour for a one-on-one call for a 60-minute call.

So literally just a one-on-one call, like that's enough to pay for this membership right here. All the SOPs and stuff that I use, call recordings, first pretty good, new tool, strategies, SOPs, network brothers on the same journey as you. I mean, this is literally almost a $10,000 a month value, and you literally can get it today only for $600 per month.

Keep in mind, I will be looking to raise this price in within 30 days to $750 per month. So this price will be extent by the end of September of 2023. So just a couple of student results as well.

Daniel right here, he overhauled how he runs ads for his clients, skyrocketing his client's results for his agency, better results for his clients at his agency, obviously improves retention, helps to make more money. If he has any profit shares and rev shares attached as well, it's also gonna make him more money at the end of the day. Yanni went from not knowing shit about marketing fundamentals to being able to write banger ads, which again can help him make more money in the day for his clients or for his brand, depending on where he's at.

Sharif went from gambling inside of his ad account to now having direction and control of being able to predictably create revenue for his business with his ads. So just a couple of student results. It's also quite more that just haven't shared, haven't updated his doc yet.

I also have Zach, he's a clothing brand owner, just calling him out real quick. He's one of my more recent clients. And I mean, I mean, well, say recent, he's actually one of the OG members.

And he went from like $500 a day to $2,000 a day in profits since he's been in the group now for a couple of months. So just literally off a call of them a couple of minutes ago before I start filming this video. But yeah.

So again, if you wanna apply for the Inner Circle, simply click the link below. There's a video on the page that's literally just exactly the same as this. So you can watch it again if you want, but simply click apply now.

And then when you apply now, it takes about one or two minutes to complete for the application. And then it'll tell you if you got accepted or not. We only wanna keep it quality in this group.

Also, I wanna make sure I'm working, like have the right people in the group. And I don't wanna let everyone in. Only wanna work for the right people.

So if you're running ads, if you're absolute killer and you wanna learn more, you wanna go from that beginner to intermediate to advanced, then highly recommend jumping into this groups. And again, if it approved, you'll take to the application page where it completes your order. And then from there, once you complete your order, basically right here, this will pop up.

And then make sure you click this button. Click to join now. And that's gonna take you to the telegram.

And the telegram, once you get in telegram, this is very important. You're gonna click on this pin message right here. And this is going to get you access to the course, like all the good stuff right there, all the goodies.

So I just wanna make sure that you take care and take action, all that. So again, link below for this. We'll be at $600 a month, probably about the next 30 days.

And we'll be increasing the price of $750 a month. I look forward to helping you guys dominate in Q4 of 2023. And yeah, thanks for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll see you guys later.

Peace.