I did over four million dollars in 30 days with Facebook ads specifically for our partners at our agency and the big key thing here is we did not use one lookalike, one interest group, no retargeting or even a testing campaign. Guys, welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

We'll be diving into how exactly we did four million over 30 days specifically for our partners at our agency here and I'm excited for you guys to kind of reveal but pull the curtain back and go over a few key things that we you know really leveraged in this time period. With that being said make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Again at the end of the day I don't have anything to sell you guys.

I make these videos to be as transparent as possible so that way you guys can actually take this value, apply it to your business and eventually when you get to the point of going anywhere from $50,000 a month to $300,000 a month you actually work with us at our agency. So with that being said let's dive into the video. Again how we did 4 million in 30 days with no interest look likes retargeting or even a testing campaign.

So I dropped this on Twitter the other day even dropped it on YouTube as well YouTube posts. I've been trying to be a little bit more active on the YouTube post as well and got a lot of really good feedback on it. So I wanted to pull back the curtain and show you guys all of these key things right here.

So first off just to reference this is overall spin versus overall revenue. Okay so this is not just like attributed revenue to Facebook ads. I think that's a very poor way to make decisions is by looking just at what's attributed to Facebook.

So this is overall revenue versus overall spin because this at the end of the day is what matters. Second thing here's just some stats really quick. We work with 10 partners and basically clients on our side.

We just we have a very close relationship and we look at each client as a partner as we develop long-term partnerships with our clients. These variety of across different industries, Legion, AppInstall's, and e-commerce. We have a bulk in the e-commerce side with Shopify stores is our main kind of demographic at our agency.

We have the lowest spending account $16,000 in a month with the highest spending account at $452,000 in one month. The lowest AOV was $40 and highest AOV was $223. Again that's that's across these 10 specific partners.

95% of that total was spent on Facebook with 5% being spent on other which is typically Google and TikTok. We don't specifically work as a Google agency or a TikTok agency. So these are other Google agencies or TikTok agencies that our clients have brought on board.

But we also you know we have people we refer people to as well. So second thing I wanted to point out is that August is generally a poor performing month. A lot of people are pulling back on spend because they spend a lot of money on June, July on vacations and stuff like that.

And I mean come on you know just natural human psychology. When someone spends a lot of money they usually go through a period of time where they pull back and cut down expenses and that's typically August. Second thing is back to school shopping plus tuition whether it's people going to college or whether it's parents going for high school and you know middle schoolers that they're shopping for.

There's a lot of back to school shopping and tuition needs to be paid. So again more expenses. And lastly there's no major holidays.

First major holiday is like Labor Day which is in September. So there's just a very dry month every single month. This is always a bad month for the agency.

Not going to lie in terms of overall client results. So the results that you're going to see today are pretty actually like probably on the lower end of what we can actually be achieving for our clients. So I just wanted to make sure that you guys are pre-framed with that going into this.

But at the end of the day there's no excuses. We don't sit there and cry about it to our clients. We do everything we can to maintain performance as best as possible.

And that's what's really important about working with a leading agency. And before anyone says this is all fake I'm going to show you guys proof from the perspective of all of our MER sheets which is marketing efficiency ratio. And basically we take the total spend compared to our total daily revenue.

And I'm literally going to show the 10 specific MER sheets that for our 10 partners. Again their names and their stores and all that has been shielded for privacy. But you'll definitely see like the exact revenue daily all that stuff like that.

For all the ones that really want to make sure they look at all of this. I'm just going to skip to this really quick. You can pause the video and look at any specific ones you want.

But this is just what one looks like. And I'm just going to give you an example really quick. Again we take the total daily revenue from Shopify.

The total daily spend from Facebook. TikTok. If you're on TikTok.

Google. Pinterest. Any other platforms.

We have people with billboards. TV commercials. All that.

Take everything. And we put that down on the itemized list. Second thing.

This is an easy Google sheet you can make yourself. Very easy. It's literally just on a daily basis.

I go in and I add in total Facebook spend. Total Shopify sales. And that basically is my overall spend.

Which is just basically a calculation. It calculates all this and sums it up together. And my Shopify revenue.

Which is just equal. And then divided by. You know.

To get your overall ROAS. Okay. Very very easy to do.

This is how we measure performance and results for all of our clients. And is what the way we grow the business. And second.

Or lastly. ROAS is different for every client. We have some clients that they're happy with a 2x.

There's some clients that need a 5x. Or a 4x. There's some clients that need a 3.5x.

The ROAS is different for every single client. So. You know.

Just because like this is a little bit lower on this side. It doesn't mean that's necessarily bad. So just want to make sure you guys are aware of that as well.

ROAS has a ton of different factors that go into it. Your offer. Your creative.

Your copy. Your overall just AOV. The LTV.

The niche. Like there's so many things that go in factors to ROAS. It's more than just the ad account.

And the creative. So I'm going to flip this really quick. Again.

You can pause it. If you want to look at these specifically. And that aspect right there.

Let's just show you guys all the spin across all of our different clients as well. And again. These clients range from clothing brands.

To supplement brands. To just simple like wall art decor. To insurance.

We have an insurance brand in here. To app. To.

There's a lot of different variety we have. Because at the end of the day. We believe that what makes us.

What allows us to be great as an agency. Is that we focus on what matters. And that's marketing fundamentals.

Okay. All of these accounts. I'm going to show you.

It's going to be a super super basic account structure. A super simple basic way of which we take to use the tool of Facebook ads. But all of our focus goes into better marketing fundamentals.

Which grows the brand. The core. So firstly account structure.

To show you guys what we use for an account structure. We used one CBO campaign at broad. Targeting with one main ad set.

With all our winning ads. With one or two dynamic ad sets. At a time.

To test new ads. So let's just take a look quickly into this right here. So you can see inside.

You'll see. All right. Our main ad set.

Which is HDB7. And then all of these secondary ad sets. Are dynamic.

And every time we run a new dynamic test. We create a new ad set. So it's not like we're just using the same ad set over and over.

We're creating a new ad set every time. But we're only running one or two dynamic tests along our main ad set at a time. Okay.

And just to show you an example of what the dynamic ad looks like. It's simply in here. And I will go over later in this video of how exactly that dynamic ad is structured.

What's the copy. What's the creative. What's the headlines that are going inside of there.

And then this is just a quick look of what the main ad set looks like with all of the winning ads. And there's an easy way where you just preview that dynamic post. If it's a winning dynamic.

You preview that dynamic. See Facebook posts with comments. And you can pull the post that is to create individual ads from that dynamic.

Very easy way. And if you guys want to see more about that. Drop a comment below.

And I can actually make a video on how we do that. Now. Next thing is why broad.

Okay. So now you know the ad account structure. What we used.

Why broad targeting. So we stopped using interest and look likes back in January of 2022. And since then we've spent over $500,000 per month consistently.

And client performance has only improved. We're able to spend significantly more. We have a lot more focus now because there's no more.

Hey, is it the ad or the audience? If an ad doesn't work, we just know it's the ad that didn't work and we move on. Okay.

So we, we stopped wasting spin on trying to make an ad work by testing. It's more look likes or interest and stuff like that. It's immediately, Hey, an ad didn't work.

Move on to the next one. So we have a lot more focus of what moves the needle in the business. And lastly, it stops you from restricting the algorithm.

When you use look likes and interest, you restrict the Facebook algorithm from learning and optimizing around more people, which ultimately in a day just hurts you because it prevents you from growing the business. Now, interest and interest or outdated technology Facebook has stopped investing in. So it's the first thing I want to touch on.

And we've seen this with Facebook starting to massively remove a lot of interest targeting since roughly around January 1st, 2022 is when they first started. And they've just been purging a month over month. They're cutting down a lot of detail targeting options.

We've had a store actually, in fact, that we were spending a hundred K a month on using just one interest that was working really well and Facebook removed it. And overnight we couldn't use that interest anymore. And we had to literally go too broad.

It sucked for about a month and then it greatly improved to the point now where they're more profitable than ever. But just to give you an idea, that's also another reason why we removed away from interest. It looked like because if you lose one of those, what's going to happen is you ultimately will have to make the switch to broad.

And it's gonna be very hard for your business to do if you have, if you're forced to do it overnight. Whereas if you're going to do it the way I'm gonna show you guys in this video, it'll work really well for you. So another thing is that detail targeting, they used to have this auto expand option to where if you put a targeted interest in there, you can make it click to where it says auto expand.

Well, now there is no way to do that. Now it automatically will auto expand if it feels, it feels like it'll fit, it'll, it'll increase performance. So there's no, there's no true black and white audience test anymore.

It used to be a very clear black and white audience test where if you targeted this audience, you knew for a fact, there's just targeting people like that. And boom, you could, you know, cut that interest. If it doesn't work and target this one.

So now it may improve performance and Facebook will have to expand. And if it thinks of an improved performance, and if it expands, you might be targeting the same five people, same groups, audience groups in the same five interests or different interests, but it's targeting the same, um, interest, like the actual people inside of it. And what that does is it creates a lot of auction overlap, creates a lot of auction overlap.

You compete against yourself. You start spending more to make more. Okay.

Easy, easy thing to look at. So that's also another reason why I'm really big fan of this structure. Cause there's no more auction overlap and things like that.

Next thing is look likes are too small and do not provide scale. So looking at look likes, yes, they work. They might work well for a hundred bucks or 200 bucks a day and spend, but then after that, it significantly drops.

And I've never been able to spend more than a thousand dollars a day on it. Look like I'll be honest with you guys. Now, um, even like 500 to a thousand is when results start to, to, you know, this, you know, delinquish and stuff like that.

And you really have to look for bigger audiences. So it looks like there's just a very poor way of scaling a business. Okay.

Now, next thing is one less variable. So I, again, as I mentioned in the beginning of the video, um, when you're using interest and look likes and stuff like that, you're constantly saying, okay, well, if this ad didn't work, maybe it was the audience targeting. And you go test it a bunch against the new audiences.

And ultimately at the end of the day, you just spend a lot more to figure out what ads work and what ads don't. And it makes you unprofitable because of how much I've spent just to figure out what ads work and what doesn't against what audiences stuff like that. It's just way too many variables.

When we do our testing. Now we're using 18 plus broad with whatever country we're targeting. And if the ad doesn't work, we know it was the ad and we just cut it.

We don't be like, oh, well, what if those the audience, let's go test against five more audiences. And then also we spend five X more on testing that ad than we were actually playing. One way to increase your row ass is by simply just cutting down the amount of money spent on bad tests, eliminate a lot of bad tests.

You're gonna spend less on targeting and stuff like that, or a lot of, a lot less on testing. And you'll make more just that way. Next thing is Facebook builds look likes based off ads.

So for example, if 1000 people see an ad, um, at the end of the day, you know, Facebook, you know, wants people on this platform, they want advertisers like you to spend more and they want people in that platform to use it and actually, you know, like scroll through and enjoy their experience. So if 1000 people see an ad, if 500 people dislike it, 500 people like it, who you think Facebook's gonna spend more on? You think they're gonna spend more on the people who dislike it?

No, absolutely fucking not. They're gonna spend more on the people that enjoyed the ad and they're gonna go try to find more people like that. Okay.

Second thing is the, the ad itself, the way it's created, everything like that with the people inside the ad, with the copy, the way it resonates to your audience, Facebook's going to, people are naturally gonna like it more if it resonates with them. And if it resonates more of them, it's going to Facebook's optimize around them. Okay.

So for example, right here, this is the same ad set, 18 plus male plus female USA. Okay. Same exact ad set 47 right here has a male in the attic, a man 46 right here has a female.

Okay. The only difference between these two ads, same copy, same, um, creative, like concept, same, almost like kind of like photo colors and things like that. The only difference between is a male and a female.

Look at the spin diversification to a male 18 plus audience. Okay. With the ads in the same exact ad set females, roughly 6% male 94% on this male specific ad.

Okay. This female specific ad 76% on female. Why?

Cause it was a lot of females who liked this ad and resonated with it. It spoke to them. Men 39%.

Now why did men get this more than like, like, why was this a 76, like 30, you know, 4%, you know, versus our 24% versus this where it's like a 94 to 94 to 6%. Well, it's a female, it's a sports ad. And you know, a lot of men are probably enjoying the female inside of it.

Now, this 46 ad right here also did better on an overall basis, both men and female. It just, it did really good. So even though men are still seeing the ad, it was still performing well.

So why do we care if men are seeing an announcement for females, if it's doing well and it's converting on both angles. So again, at the end of the day, it just, it made more sense. And again, same ad set male plus female, male plus female, 18 plus broad.

That's it. All right. The, the, um, age of the person you have in your ad, your actor, that's also going to dictate what age group you reach.

The gender of the actors in your ad is going to dictate which genders you reach and resonate with the, the copy choice you use. And the way you talk about the problem and the product and all that is going to dictate whether or not you're going to reach the right audience or not. You know, if you're talking about Facebook ads, you're like, Hey, you guys want to run Facebook ads or, you know, are you still interested in running Facebook ads?

Like that, that's not going to resonate me with me. But if you build an ad that talks specifically about pain points that I'm experiencing, or like, you know, build this video around, um, you know, specific, very, very specific things around Facebook ads, I'm gonna target a very high level Facebook ads person with this video. Cause the, the language I'm choosing to talk about the way I talk about these things is at a much higher level and it's at a much better market sophistication than, you know, and people are gonna take me seriously.

So that's also another thing. So you have to look at the language used in the ad, the actors, the ages, the genders, like all of that is what helps you allow you to reach your right audience. And if you don't have an actor in the side, the ad that you can, you still will reach your desired audience.

It just comes down to, okay, are people interested in, like say, for example, it's a piece of jewelry or people interested in a very, you know, sophisticated, elegant way we place the jewelry out, or they want a fun artsy way. Like that's all stuff that comes down to creative testing, um, in that process. And it's been a little bit longer than this.

I want it to, but I want to keep moving. So if you haven't started using broad yet, 90% of people are going to see this. They're going to go test broad against their best performing ads and their ad accounts.

And they're going to say, Nick broad didn't work for me. Okay. Um, completely understand.

So what you need to do, and this is how I made my switch. I left everything on. Like I, like I tested all my new ads or like my current winning ads right now.

I tested them all against broad and I'll let it run for like seven days. Okay. And let's say for example, all those ads that you tested, none of them worked.

Okay, cool. What you do now is, is all of your new ads, you test, you test them against broad. Do not test them with whatever interests or look like you're using now that's working, leave that on in the background, but focusing on investing in broad and making broad work for your business.

Okay. Cause once you do, trust me is the greatest thing ever. Okay.

I'm spending significantly less time in that account. I'm less, less variables. I'm getting more consistency, um, better CPMs, all that good stuff, like very much better, way, way better in a place, um, going all in on broad.

So you want to get to this level. See, I just duplicate that twice. So when you go all in Facebook does the targeting.

Well, um, so once you go all in onto this and you're like, all right, we're going all in on broad. And I understand this. Okay.

You got to understand that targeting relative to who resonates with your ad, you focus less on Facebook and more on building ads needed to scale your business. Life becomes easier. You spend more, you make more, and you focus on what you can actually control.

That's building better ads to move the business needle. So that's broad targeting. Uh, that again, that can be a long video on that, but let's go into the next one retargeting.

So a lot of people have talked about retargeting. Um, we personally do not do it anymore. We ditched this in January as well.

Um, and get clients from making more, where we spend more, all that good stuff by not focusing on retargeting. And just to show you guys that Facebook is already retargeting for you. Here's a one day at today ratio right here.

And then here's the last seven days ratio right here. If you look at the frequency, if frequency is over 1.000, you're retargeting people. Okay.

Last seven days, 1.26. Okay. So let's just say, for example, we had a hundred impressions today or a thousand impressions today.

All right. 9% of those were retargeting, which would have been roughly a thousand. That's 90, 90 impressions.

Um, last seven days, let's say if we had 10,000 impressions, um, 26, 26 of them were retargeting, which would be roughly 2,600 people. Okay. So just to show you an example right there, Facebook is already retargeting for you.

All right. Secondly is 14.5 have completely demolished custom audiences or significantly smaller. Okay.

Um, they also do not get excluded properly. No more trust in full funnel that, you know, everyone will go through and, you know, everyone be included and excluded properly. Okay.

There's no more trust in that. 14.5 has completely fucked that. Now, the next thing is that if you believe that people need to go through a full funnel, they need to see a tofu ad, they just see a mofu ad and you see a bofet before they can purchase, then why not build ads at your top of funnel to convert people through all three stages?

Okay. Like this is like my biggest thing that I was like, Oh wait, that makes sense. Okay.

Cause again, I used to be the person with a tofu, a mofu and a bofu and a PPS. Like I had all this shit in the account. Okay.

So if you believe that, why not build an ad? Take, take your best prospecting ad right now. Let's say if it's a 20 second long video.

All right, cool. That introduces people in the brain that gets them there. We're getting sales on that.

Take a mofu video and a bofu video you have and stitch all three of those together, make one ad that's significant. It's a little bit longer, but it, it takes people through the, the proper psychological reasoning they need to go through to be ready to buy from your business. Okay.

So build ads and take people through all three stages. Also look at, you know, improving your product pages. Okay.

Um, I was personally shopping today for, you know, neon sign. All right. Product pages I went to fucking terrible.

Okay. Cause I look at neon signs or anything like that. And the next thing I was like, can I trust this company?

I want to see some reviews and stuff like then see any reviews on the product page. What's there a Facebook ads library? They had a few reviews.

I'm like, why not put it on the product page? Cause I would have purchased right then and there. If I saw some reviews, I saw some people playing with the product and showing it off or anything like that and showing it's a legit product and brand.

But then when it's in our Facebook ads, I already had a few, they had those. I'm like, I'm just add to your fucking product page. Okay.

Um, next thing is mofu and bofu content, email marketing, organic content, organic social post more of that type of stuff on there as well. You get a lot of followers and people that come through. Okay.

Um, so that's also another thing. All right. So we know that 14.5, we know it's frequency.

We know we acknowledge tofu and bofu. And the second thing I want to talk about is focus again. This is like the highlight of this whole video is focus, focus by testing, less audiences going all in on one audience, focus by stop using retargeting and focusing all on the ads that make the most for your business.

And that's your prospecting, your, your cold audience ads in that sense right there. And you do not have focus when you're building ads on a weekly basis for tofu, mofu and bofu. Okay.

Um, I remember when I used to do that, it was so fucking painful in the sense of like, I don't know which one to focus on this week or to focus on mofu this week or need to focus on both food this week. How do I focus on three campaigns every week, building three ads for each campaign for 10 accounts as 90 new ads account or a week. It's insane.

Okay. When I could just focus more on one ad one and creating a few variations of that ad on the, on the campaign, that's going to move the biggest needle for my business. Okay.

Um, and that's basically why, you know, we don't do retargeting. So again, our whole account is one campaign, one main ad set in that campaign, and then constantly creating one or two new dynamic tests, um, to, to find new winning ads and then putting those winning ads inside of our main ad set again, which we're going to go into now in the testing phase of this whole structure. All right.

So a testing campaign, um, again, this is what we used to do where you, we have our main campaign and we have a creative testing campaign. Okay. There's nothing wrong if you're using this and you're starting to see some sex success with it and you don't want to switch yet.

That's completely okay. Okay. It actually took me three months of dibble dabbling before I finally switched to this strategy.

And it took me a month of testing the strategy before I'm like, Hey, I want to do this. Okay. Um, in fact, I using a testing campaign and understanding the proper way of testing ads and stuff like that, we had a testing campaign and a main campaign.

This was the only way I was able to go from spending 50 K a month to now spending seven to 50 K to a million dollars per month and drastically improving my Facebook ad performance for my clients. Okay. Now, now I'm spending seven decades, a million dollars a month.

Hey, is dynamic allowing me to go from a million dollars to $10 million? Cause I'm constantly always looking to improve my current systems and processes as a business owner. Okay.

So that's one reason why we also switched to this strategy. Okay. Now, um, again, just going through this, the, what the testing framework is, it's one CBO campaign at broad.

That's it. I got our literal whole account is just one campaign. And then what we're doing is we're taking one main ad set.

Um, it's just your standard ad set. You create ads in and we'll be doing is each week, we're creating one or two new dynamic ad sets, testing new ads. Okay.

Um, you can see right here, there's a few different dynamic ad sets, um, testing new ads. Okay. Now here's what the ad looks like.

Dynamic ad looks like. And again, here's what, you know, the main ad set looks like. All right.

Now the biggest problem with a testing campaign is the reason why we want to make the switch was that when you find an ad that works at a low budget, it does not mean it'll work well at high budget. So we were finding winning ads, but they weren't necessarily winning ads or taking the business next, next level. It's just winning ads with a high robust, a low budget.

So we needed to reclarify, redefine what a winner is for us, for our clients. And our new winning ad is an ad that can take the business, um, and allow the whole business to spend more. Okay.

So instead of just creating ads to create ads that, that tests in a do well at low budget, we're creating ads and we're only dictating an ad to a winner. If it takes the business to a new level, we can spend a lot more, makes the business more revenue, all that stuff. That's a winning ad for us.

So I want to give you guys an example really, really quick here. So if our goal is to go 60 miles per hour, you know, for those people in kilometers, you know, do the math yourself. All right.

Um, so if our goal is to go 60 miles per hour, then all the vehicles below will work. We can take a semi truck. We can take a car, take a motorcycle.

All of them will go 60 miles per hour. All right. So at a low budget of 10 to $20 a day, all of these ads that just get a few sales, boom, they immediately work.

All right. For the most part. All right.

Now, if I put like a bicycle right here, then obviously that would work. That's okay. But the 60 miles per hour tests, all of these pass.

All right. But we do 150 mile per hour test. The likelihood is only the motorcycle will work unless it's like a Lamborghini Inventador or something like that.

And then you could, you know, break this car up into all the different types of cars that go 150 miles per hour and figure out which ones actually achieve that. So we have to redefine our goal of, Hey, we only want ads that, you know, do X amount for the business. So we had to change our testing environment from, Hey, our goal is just 60 miles per hour.

So now, Hey, our goal is 150 miles per hour. And we want nothing less than that. So now if we actually have substantially less winners, winners, quote unquote, but when we find one or two winners a month, now we're taking the business to whole new levels of spin and revenue.

Okay. So it's creating significantly bigger changes. Cause you can go find five, six new winning ads a week on a low budget.

But when you start spending significantly more and seeing what ads can spend in 10 K a day profitably, that's a whole new level. Okay. And you're going to find significantly less winners.

Okay. So let's see. Sorry.

I lost my train of thought for there, but yeah, that's just giving you an example right there. Um, so here's our raceway. Basically here's all the cars we're competing at.

See which does, you know, you know, 150 miles per hour. And then, yeah. Um, oh yeah.

So Facebook doesn't spend on an ad set. So if you have a problem with Facebook, it's not spending on an ad sex. We're not putting any minimum or maximum spends on here because we want to give Facebook the opportunity to tell us, Hey, Nick, this ad, it's not a good ad.

We're not going to spend on it. All right. But the stubborn Facebook marketers, we are, we're going to take that as, Hey, Facebook's not spending on it because Facebook wants to spend more on the winning stuff.

That's false. All right. Um, Facebook wants to spend where it can spend the best to get the best platform experience for its users, AKA, you know, people who are just scrolling on Facebook, but also to the best experience for advertisers.

So it has to balance both of those two. Okay. So if we look right here, this is where we let Facebook decide for an account right here.

And we put in that CBO campaign, we let it run for 72 hours at a 14 K daily budget on that CBO campaign. Okay. Just to give you credit on that, our little backstory on that.

And Facebook only spent $73 over 72 hours. It only spent $73 on this one ad set. And we were like, Hey, does this ad set just not work?

Or is Facebook choosing not to spend on it? So we did was, is we broke it out and we actually created a new ad set to force spin against it. And guess what?

We burnt budget because KPI we're looking for is around 35 to $45 cost per lead. And we got $137 cost per lead. So we burned budget.

Facebook was telling us, Hey, this is not a good ad. So just to go back over our dynamic structure. Um, and also to, again, I want to give credit really quick to, um, Charlie, the disruptor too.

He's also one that's really kind of convinced me to go through this route with broad targeting dynamics, targeting, um, dynamic testing and stuff like that. We also did a video together. It's called like how this man did, you know, did a hundred million dollars in sales, um, with like Facebook ads and everything like that.

Again, take a look video, great video to kind of go, go into some of these key points right here, but just want to give that shout out really quick to Charlie, um, dynamic structure. So again, this is the method that he recommends as well too. So just want to make sure he gets credit for that or credit is due.

So the dynamic structure that we're leveraging is three new creatives. So we go create three new creatives, um, two copies, one winning copy that's relative to these creatives. And then one new copy, a new copy to toss in with this, um, new creatives.

And then two headlines, one winning that's relative to these creatives and one new that, um, obviously fits with the creatives as well. It makes contextual sense. So that's the dynamic structure we are testing.

Um, and I forgot what, like how many variations of tests, but we just, we leverage that. And then we previewed a dynamic post to get post IDs. Once we get post IDs, then we go ahead and we move them into our main ad set.

And then you can just turn off that, um, dynamic ad set. That's essentially there. Okay.

Now scaling. So how do we actually scale and grow a daily spin? Okay.

It's very easy. Honestly, a lot of people overthink this. That's a lot too.

So we would like to look at last three days of performance. Are we hitting target ROAS? Yes.

Equals increased budget by 20%. No equals decreased budget by 20%. Again, we're looking at overall, overall daily revenue and overall daily spin.

That's giving us our overall daily ROAS. And if we're hitting, we, we, you know, you have to first identify what the target ROAS is specifically for that account. And then from there, if it's below decrease, if it's above increase, very simple, but you're looking at the last three days.

So we're going to add up these three days right here, the first, second, and third, that's going to get us somewhere around like $23,000 in revenue. Um, but like nine can spend, we're going to get a average of 2.555 target ROAS. And for this account, it's a 2.5 X target ROAS.

Um, so even though we had a bad day right here, we still make sure we remove emotions from the picture and we use logical, Hey, yes, we had a bad day, but the overall average is still within our scaling re, um, region. So we're going to increase budget regardless, because if it's at 2.5 or higher, we're increasing budget by 20%. If it's a 2.5, uh, uh, four, nine, we're going to decrease budget by 20, 20%.

We're using airline pilot precision here. Okay. We're making these optimizations for scaling.

Now, speaking of optimizations, let's dig into optimizations of what we're doing on a daily basis to optimize accounts. Next thing we're doing for optimization on account side is that we're looking at last seven days of performance, our main ad set. All right.

And we're looking at last seven days of performance. And then what we're doing is we're turning off outliners of ads to bring down average CPA. So all of our ads make up our average CPA.

And what we do is we want to consistently trim off those outliers, um, of our like ads in that sense, right? They're doing a bad CPA. So if we look right here, um, we look at the last seven days, you can see right here, um, this ad spent $43,000.

Um, we want to shoot for about a 45, 46 dollars CPL. Then we need to consistently turn off things about like anything above that, but we can't really necessarily don't want to turn this one off because yes, we want a 44. Um, but we do have some other higher performers right here.

Okay. 51 and $54. So we're going to turn those off to help bring out average CPA.

Now, again, there's another thing that you really need to be, um, cautious about. All right. There's been times where we turned off, like say for example, right here, why did Facebook spend $43,000 in this ad and only 9,000 in this ad?

Yes. This one got a $42 CPL. This one's a 46, but this one spent $17,000 in the sign out of 51.

The reason why Facebook spent significantly more is because it was able to spend a lot more at that level of CPA. All right. So this doesn't mean that this ad can go to this level.

So sometimes when you turn off one of these high, these ads, yes, it was a lower, you know, it was not that great of a CPA. Sometimes it might bring your overall volume down and you actually might see a higher CPA because then Facebook will have to make up for these two ads and start spending it significantly more on this ad, which may shoot the cost per acquisition up and you actually might see a negative impact. So you definitely need to keep a, um, a note and you, we do it on our, um, little EMUR sheet right here.

We just have like a little notes column and we'll keep a note. Sometimes when we turn off big ads like that, just so that way, if we see any crazies, like inconsistencies and performance, we can simply just go ahead and look back and see why. All right.

And the second thing is you also need to figure out what CPA slash ROAS you need to hit inside the Facebook account to hit your overall goal. So for example, I don't know why I have it right here. Um, I honestly forgot to put this, but we have an account that does a one extra ROAS inside of Facebook and hits 3.5 X overall.

So that's also something right there. Just because you want a 3.5 X overall doesn't mean you need to hit a 3.5 X in the Facebook account. So you have to make sure you keep, you consistently look at that.

And the way to do it is, okay, cool. Last three days right here, we spent, you know, 9,000 on Facebook ads or not, not 9,000, but you know, a little, little under 9,000 on Facebook ads. And we were averaging a 1.3 X ROAS.

And we saw, we use shooting a, doing a 2.55 overall. And our overall goal is 2.5. All right.

Um, so in this case right here, then we know that if we're doing a 1.3 and Facebook, we're hitting a 2.5 overall, it just helps us when we're making our optimizations in the account. Okay. So just letting you know that.

Um, and lastly, we're using triple all to help make our decisions. So, uh, we use triple attribution. We have it as default for all of our clients.

And here's just to give you a few examples right here. If we look at this, um, I, again, side note, um, I split up my campaigns by country, uh, for the most part, it's just easier way to manage countries and stuff like that when you're spending across multiple countries. That's all that this is, but you can see right here, there's, um, the blue is Facebook or not Facebook triple well reported ROAS.

And the blue right here is Facebook reported ROAS. And you can see right here is main Hong Kong ad set. Um, all of our winning ads has a 2.81 attribute ROAS and Facebook's reporting a 5.2 X.

Okay. Now again, I wouldn't turn off that ad set because I turn off ads. I don't turn off ad sets ever.

Um, unless it's like a dynamic ad set that we finished testing them, turning it off. Okay. So in this case right here, I would go figure out what ads, you know, if I needed to make optimizations, I would use triple well to make those attributions that's it right there.

But just to show you where Facebook could show better performance than it actually is, um, show you that example. So we use triple attribution for everything. All right, guys.

Um, this was a quite a long video and I really appreciate everyone who has stayed this far into the video. Big round balls for you guys who stayed through everything. Really hope you guys enjoyed.

Make sure you hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And again, um, we are an agency do work with clients.

We help brands anywhere from 50 KM off to 300 KM up grow and scale their revenues. And, uh, yeah. So click link below to book call.

It can be my team up on a call together. We'll run through your account, but a little strategy together for you. You can take it and run with it.

Or you have the option to work with us if you choose now again, hope you guys liked this video. Uh, drop some comments below and you know, any questions you have around this video, I'm happy to answer for you guys. I just want to see you guys win at the end of the day.

So drop them below. I'll be happy to help you guys out. So thank you all for watching.

My name is Nick Theriot. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.