Alright guys, I just got home. Welcome to the vlog. Yeah, so we need to talk.

I just went to the doctor's office this morning and just for like a sinus congestion and drip and everything so I'm good. Nothing to worry about with this coronavirus but to be honest yeah I don't really know what I'm gonna do today for the vlog because I'll be at home all day and yeah it's not too interesting sitting in my room so I think the first thing I'm gonna do is I need to clean up this all the boxes. Hey buddy, how are you?

Good morning dude. Good morning. But I need to get the boxes up and stuff.

I need to try to figure out something to do with this. I need to organize that and try to make my room a little bit more situated. These are all my gallon jugs.

I literally finish a jug like every night before we went on bed. I ended up just leaving them right here and stocking them up, throwing them out for the weekend. So anyway, I'm trying to clean my room a little bit.

Make it a little more cozy because I'll be here for like the next day or two. Just to kind of rest and stuff. Get over to the sinus drip.

Check it out. We got the PlayStation set back up. To be honest guys, I don't plan on playing it much at all but it's cool to have it back because you know every now and then I like to kind of jump on and play for a little bit but I'm not like a serious gamer like I used to be.

I could play it for hours and hours and hours and hours and hours at the time. Alright, I was luckily able to edit today's or yesterday's vlog real quick and room is clean and everything and then also too I received the package so we're going to go un-unbox this. Alright, I have to find a suitable spot.

Do some boxing real quick. Alright, before I show y'all what's in this box, this box right here contains something, it contains a book that I've been wanting for probably the past year, maybe even two years since I've heard of this book. This is probably one of the most insane marketing books ever written.

It literally like, I have a note right here that like this company resells them and stuff completely legal but you can get like an original copy for like five, eight hundred dollars, six hundred dollars, a lot of money and I got it for a hundred bucks I think. So, let me show you guys this book real quick and show you guys, it's gonna be like an unofficial official review of the website I got it from as well. I'll link the website below but this book is called Breakthrough Advertising.

It's probably one of the most sort out books any marketer wants to read. It's very highly recommended for anyone and I ordered it from the website BreakthroughAdvertisingBook.com or TheBreakthroughAdvertisingBook.com. I'll drop a link below and let's see guys, let's show you.

Let me show you guys the site's a legit site. Because honestly, at first I was skeptical too from ordering a site, it just looked kind of fishy. So, I wasn't sure and then another person said they ordered from it.

So, here, let's see if we can show you guys what's in the box. So, it comes in a pretty small box. I want you guys to see my information but it's a pretty small box.

You open it up and you get this quick little like note on here. I don't like reading all that but basically just says how it's a game changer. It's an amazing book.

You get it from this site for a lot cheaper. Regular copies on Amazon for 800 or more. Blah blah blah blah.

Cool. Yeah, amazing book. Peel that off.

And there we go guys. Eugene Schwartz Breakthrough Advertising. I don't really care for this jail right here but hey, still got a book.

Let's check it out. Let's flip it open. First time flipping it over live on camera.

Boom. So yeah. I mean, it's a book.

I don't really know what else to say. But this is probably one of the, this is probably one of the most book, like one of those books that I just, I've been wanting forever and I finally got it. So, I am super happy and I can't wait to dig into this book.

I got it as well as like a few other marketing books I purchased last week. So, kind of going back on and purchasing and expanding my knowledge on marketing and advertising so I keep crushing it for my clients. So now we got that out of the way, what we need to do is we need to go pick up our prescription from Super One because I did go to the doctor this morning.

I got tested and everything. I simply just have a sinus infection. Go to Super One, pick up my meds, and then we're going to go I think to Tropical Smoothie.

And I really want some type of like energy drink. So I may even stop and pick up a few 3Ds from GNC. So, let's see what happens.

So I just picked up some medication and stuff and also I stopped at GNC. And GNC is having buy five, get one free for the 3D. So, out of all, out of all my smartness, I said, you know what, let's do it.

And I'm not going to show you guys every flavor I got, but they're all in there. I got like five or six different flavors and I'm hella hyped. Alrighty guys, what's going on?

I forgot to film the outro. So I'm filming it today as I finished editing everything. Pretty much last night after I got home, I caught up on some work and pretty much just crashed.

And today is now a new day. I was just like, you know what, I wasn't going to combine the videos. But I was like, you know what, keep it simple.

I hope you guys enjoyed a little unboxing of the Breakthrough Advertising book. I know that was really cool for me because it's a book I've been wanting for so long. So I'm hella hyped.

I'm also feeling amazing today. As I filmed this yesterday, I was talking about how sick and stuff, went to the doctor and stuff, got diagnosed with like a sinus infection. I'm sure some of you are like, oh my god, you could have had the coronavirus.

Oh my god. But I feel amazing today. So I definitely know and I wasn't showing any fever symptoms or body aches, etc.

But yeah, hope you guys enjoyed today's video and make sure you drop a like, comment and subscribe and I'll see you guys tomorrow.