I helped a e-com brand do over $125,000 in seven days. And today we'll be breaking down the offer we ran, the creatives we used, the ad account setup, and exactly how we scale to be able to do over $125,000 in seven days. So let's talk about the offer first.

This offer was specifically for Valentine's Day, which Valentine's Day is February 14th. And this is an offer that we can launch as early as January 50th. Now, this is a limited time offer.

This is not a long-term offer or an evergreen offer, but can be an amazing offer to run that helps pick up sales during the Q1 slump. All we did was literally take our already existing best performing offer and just simply rebranded it as Valentine's Day. Now that you know the offer, let's shift into the creatives we used during this time.

So you have three different buckets of creatives to dip into for a Valentine's Day offer. Bucket number one is going to be the perfect gift for X. The perfect gift for your kids, the perfect gift for your sweetheart, the perfect gift for your mom.

It's gonna be people actively looking for gifts for someone else. We really wanna focus on selling the reaction to the gift. This is where I found the biggest success with this.

They don't wanna give a gift that people just look at it and be like, oh, okay, cool, and then toss it aside. They want a gift that people will truly remember with very little effort. Now, the next bucket of creatives you can focus on is self-gifting.

And I don't really see this as a major angle. I probably only see about 10 to 20% of sales during this period of time for self-gifting, but it's still a bucket of people that will do a lot better than just your typical evergreen creatives. Now, the last bucket of creatives that we're focusing on during this period of time is the urgency angle.

This will really be pushed in that last seven days, which is gonna be February 1st through February 7th. And this time right here is we're really pushing that urgency of our shipping cutoff, calling out the date of the shipping cutoff and really striving, like here's your absolute last chance to order. Now that you know the creatives you need to build, let's go to the ad account setup.

For me, I like to launch these creatives in our already existing evergreen CBO campaign. And inside of this campaign, I will do one ad set per ad concept and I'll do one flexible creative per ad set. Inside of that flexible creative, it's gonna be one creative with one hook on it.

And then it's going to be just three different creatives with different visual hooks. And I'll be launching anywhere between one to two of these concepts per week. February 1st through February 7th, I'm hammering probably five to six concepts a week during this time because it's the last possibility for people to buy.

And lastly, let's talk about scaling. So during the time of January 15th to probably about February 1st, I'm only really doing 20% increases a day. And that's just due to the fact that there's not really a significant amount of demand yet.

But as desire in the market increases from February 1st to February 7th, I'm literally doing near 100% increases every day. This is a place where I do kind of just look at ROAS to make things simple. Let's say we have a ROAS goal of 3X and we're hitting a four, four and a half X, then I'll do 100% increase a day.

Now at the end of February 7th, usually February 8th, we wake up and we see a significant drop in sales. This is perfectly normal. People had strong desire to buy something for Valentine's Day and they know if they purchase after February 7th, typically what'll happen is that product will not come in in time.

I typically like to see how February 8th goes. If February 8th goes really strong, then I'll go another day. If that day goes really strong, I'll just kind of keep watching it until the day I wake up.

And it's like, you'll clearly see like, every day you'll have like a three and a half, 4X ROAS, something crazy like that. And then one day you'll wake up with like 0.5 and that's just when I cut it and pull it back. And that's exactly how we're able to do $125,000 in sales in seven days for one of our e-commerce clients.

If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you do over $100,000 a month in revenue and you want me to come in your ad account and run all of your ads, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. If you do less than 100K a month, and you want me to handhold you, everything you need to do inside of your account, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.