Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

I did it so you don't have to do it. I purchased a Billow ad. This is something that I know has been hitting the market really hard lately.

User generated content and then how to get user generated content kind of on autopilots and how to leverage content creators and all that good stuff. And Billow has been probably the main like heavy hitter in the market right now, especially for the USA market. But user generated content or UGC is basically taking a product, sending it to a content creator and they create this very organic style ad and it converts two times higher than kind of your standard high production ad and stuff.

And it's very like on page, like on par with Facebook's algorithm and kind of like natural social media content people receive on a day-to-day basis is why it converts so well. So I purchased the Billow ad and fun fact, I've actually purchased 12 of them now. So the cool thing about Billow, it's literally like, you know, 60 bucks for one video.

And I mean, you pretty much, it's no dealing with crazy influencers and content creators and stuff like that. It's literally just pay your 60 bucks, send the product off to a content creator you pick out. And then after that, what you can do is, you know, you get your video back.

So I did it so you don't have to do it. And I want to do my full review with you guys today. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

So just coming over here, first off, I just want to show you all the video that we got back just to show you what we got back from Billow and what you could kind of expect from this. So I'm not going to play the full thing. But it's basically for one of our products.

It's an infinity sign. The girl got it, she's reviewing it, you know, she's saying how cool it is. Oh my god, don't his cute little things with it jiggling around talking about it.

You know, it's jump cuts to keep it kind of fresh and popping and stuff like that. And then cool and then showing it up on the wall, which is awesome. Now look, I'm not gonna lie, not every video will turn out like this, probably about 40% of videos that you actually get back will be grand slams that are amazing.

And the others are better probably 20% to 30% are going to be okay, cool, we can use that and probably about 20% of them. It's like, you know, that's no, that's not good at all. So I just want to make sure you're aware of that.

But actually, let's go ahead and let's log in. And I'm going to show you guys what it is inside the dashboard and everything. So just to show you guys specifically, I have spent over $700 on below ads, not just creating this quick video as an affiliate, whatever, anything like that, you can click the link below, go to below.com.

I don't even know if I can create an affiliate. So I'm not trying to just promote like something I'm actually showing you something that we're utilizing in our advertising campaigns, that's making a big difference in results. So what we're doing here is this is kind of the dashboard, you can create a task right here.

And then let's see. So you can create tasks in here. So these are a few of my old tasks.

And basically what happens is once you submit one, you know, you'll have like this little like title of it status, people are working on it to complete yet, etc. Applicants. So I had five applicants on this one.

This was a for like a golf app. So it was very low. This one right here was that little metal infinity sign you just saw in 19 applicants.

And then right here for these two is four and nine is for a skincare brand we're working with right now. So that's what those applicants right there. Now, the cool thing about below is when you create a task, people apply to your task and you get to choose the content creators you want.

It's not like you're just sending the product out to three random people that below picks out for you, you get to see the person first, you get to see some of their work first. So that way, that way you can do and purchase this with a little bit more confidence. And did I even mention below does not even have a subscription service you pay per video, you can opt into some of their higher level subscriptions, we're gonna discount on you know, some of the like, videos like say purchase five for the price of our purchase six for the price of five.

So that's only like kind of subscription they have. So what we can do is you can go through that we can also go right here to the creators tab. So I don't have any yet waiting for approval.

But here's like my creators essentially, these are all people that applied. And like said, I'm not really doing disservice here showing you all this it's I can't do anything with it, you can't message the creator. So that's one thing right there, you have to be aware of, you cannot message the creators, you there's no communication at all between you and the creator.

That's something you do have to be aware of. Now, as you can see right here, they're only focused in the USA right now, I'm the creators in the USA. So if you're from a different country, but want to market a product of the product in the USA, you can still use this service, send that product over, and then just you're gonna have American creators.

So that's all you have to be concerned about. Now, gender, obviously, we have 73% female, and then other percentage female. And you can kind of see the age group of the creators I have on hand right now.

Now, again, this doesn't really do anything right here, you can invite these fans, which I don't really know what does, etc. So let me just click on that. Now delivery.

So this is like your products and stuff, you need to ship now, shipped all shipments, online orders, not sure about that. Yeah, cool. Never looked into that.

So and then we have content right here. And let's see if we can take a look into this, my content, and I can see literally all of the content that we've gotten back for our clients. But cool.

So now going back, let's actually create a task, essentially. So let's create a task. And what you can do when you create a task, you can select the product.

So and then you can click, you know, you can select products you've already worked with, or you can hit create a product. Now, here's where you create your product. So you can do product description pool, and then image.

So you want to upload an image. I don't really have an image to upload. So let me just do a random image right here.

Cool. So you would upload an image of your product, and then you want to send off to your product page. Cool.

And then the retail price. So how much are you selling this product for? Let's just say this is 100 bucks.

Save now, something you need to be aware of when you're using the service, you're sending this product off to the person, and they're having this product for free. So do not expect them to send this product back to you. Do not expect them to return it.

You're sending a product out to this content creator for them to create a really amazing video for you for free. They get to keep the product for free. So be aware of that.

That's okay, though. Opportunity costs spending 1015 bucks on this product cost of goods, sending it out for free to get a really cool video that can drive you 1000s and hundreds of thousands of dollars in sales for your business. It's easily worth it, in my opinion.

Now going through, you can also include a product question tier question tier. And what this can do is can help you a lot with like, all right, for example, add a screenshot of the product you prefer at a link to the product you prefer. What is your top size?

What is your bra size? What is your height, your car model? So like what we could do right here is we can offer to get additional information from the prospect when they apply.

So when we did our custom metal sign and sent this out, we wanted to know what names they want on the sign for us, you know, we're doing shoes, we're going to need to know shoe size, what's your shoe size, hit save. And what's going to happen, it's going to include a product questions here that people have to fill out. Now, next thing I don't really care about like this right here, generate sales or interest or traffic, because I like to do my own custom one.

So see number one, if you don't know what a scene is a scene is basically like scene one can be here's my office, then scene two, I take this camera and I put it in my kitchen and we start talking in my kitchen. So scene one is different focused parts of a video, a movie might have 100 different scenes. So you really want to understand that.

So scene one might be taking the box out of the mailbox. Second scene right here could be unboxing it in front of the camera. Scene number three can be, you know, using the product and talking about why you like it now.

And you can also add more scenes if you want. So scene four could be standing. So here is where you're going to get dissatisfied because what happens is a lot of people use billow and they go ahead, they take very little time on this and they get a bad quality video back.

They get a bad video back and they're like, Oh my God, creator suck. It's not the creators. You need to be specific about what you want.

These are actors. The actors are there to act for you. You have to write the script for them.

And cool thing about these actors are a little bit more better than your typical Hollywood actors. So you can kind of give them a gist of what you want, but just make sure you're detailed and sometimes, you know, test being less detailed and test another creator, wherever you're more detailed in front of it. Now, the next thing is what should we mention?

So like, obviously those are the different scenes, but what are the key points we want them to really touch on? So this might be the big problem. So yeah.

And look, I am totally joking around with this. So please, if I offend anyone, I'm sorry. Cool.

So next thing, those are the key things you want people to mention. So you have your scenes or different places you want the product to be shown. The mentions are the very key points, the problem, the big solution, et cetera, that goes in here.

Now, the next thing right here is you want to choose your video formats. Um, one by one, four by five, nine, 16, 16 by nine. And then how long you want the video.

Yeah. I would honestly milk it, go up to 60 seconds and then you can cut it down into it. Uh, if you want now, gender, you can choose your gender.

You want, maybe I want specifically male or female, say male, I can choose different age groups for this specific product. Um, and then location right now, like I said, it's only in United States. Now you can choose a few different options.

You can do one video if you want, which is $59 per video, or you can do three videos you want, or they have these packages right here where you can save money by purchasing more videos, but you're on a monthly retainer essentially. Now, the next thing is that you do have another add one where you can add on subtitles. They'll add subtitles to video for you.

They do editing for you. They'll do logo call outs, hot action, and like they'll add all these motion graphics and it's cost more plus per video. I have a full design team, which I'll, I'll talk about in a second.

And that allows me to go ahead and edit all of these my own. And then, yeah, you just agree to the terms. I think one key thing that I really like about this, after you submit this, you can go back through here and add an example, which I do not see, but yeah, you can go through and you can add an example video.

Once you kind of get approved and everything, you just hit create or charge your card or add your card and stuff. So yeah, that's pretty much the whole process. Then after that, what's going to happen is, is you're going to take about 24 or 48 hours to approve your requests.

If you get approved, then what happens is essentially you go ahead and you'll start getting creators to apply for your tasks and you can choose which creators you want based off, you know, how they look, how they act in front of the camera and all that good stuff right there. So yeah, so that's pretty much how to use below, how to submit a creator and everything like that, and how to actually send off your product. And then, yeah, once you actually submit it, it's going to like, like I said, it's going to allow you to choose your applicants and stuff.

Once you choose your applicants, they'll give you their addresses and then you can send that, you know, send your product off to those particular creators and everything. Now let's dive into how to actually use that video once you get it back. So obviously you can have the optional, if you want add-ons where they can spice it up for you.

I personally prefer to have a raw video so that way I can use it. However I want. And then I take that raw video and I send it off to my video and editing team.

I personally use no limit creatives.com. Um, they work really well and mesh really well inside my agency and they handle a lot of our client projects when it comes down to the post-production side inside of advertising. So you definitely want to get some subtitles on there, you know, maybe some music behind it, maybe kind of life in it up a little bit.

So like, maybe it's a 30 second clip, you probably turn that down to about 23 seconds and really focus on the main exciting parts with that video. So that's pretty much how we use billow. And would I recommend this service to anyone watching this video?

And that is, yes, I would. I freaking love billow. It's been a huge game changer for my clients, for my agency, and it's helping us tremendously to keep up with our creative demand we expect out of our clients.

So that way we can run our advertising campaigns in the most efficient way possible. So yes, I would recommend billow, but like I said, make sure you were, you know, find three to five different core videos you really love. So like find an unboxing video online, whether it's by another brand, by you, whatever, find a 30 second unboxing video that you really love.

That's an ad, save that to your Google drive, go find a testimonial like that, save it to your drive, go find like a demonstrational video like that UGC style video and save that. Have those three core videos, look at different brands. One I really love is athletic greens.

Athletic greens has some amazing UGC and just keep an eye out. And when you see a really cool user generated style content ad on Facebook or Instagram, save it, screen record it, and then keep that on a hard drive or keep that on file. So that way, when you go to submit this content, you kind of have a mental frame of, okay, here's the scenes I want.

Let's list that. What's the specific product mentioned? So these would be the different angles and kind of like key takeaways and outcomes and problems and stuff you really want to lean into of what they say.

And then, yeah, and that's going to dramatically help your success with billow. Like I said, the people that have poor success with billow is the people that are literally, they go and they fill out, here's my product, make a video with it. And they have this visualization in their mind of what they want, but the content creator does something completely different else.

And that's because you're not on the same wavelength. You need to be specific about what you want. And if you can execute like that, you're going to get an amazing piece of content that you can use in your advertising campaigns.

So if you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you're currently making at least 25k a month with your e-com business, I would love to hop on a call with me and my team and we kind of look at your business and figure out the best route for you to go with scaling it and growing it. Then make sure you click the link below to book a call with me.

We'll put together a plan for you. You can take it and run with it, or you'll have the option to work with us. Well guys, that is about it for today.

Again, my name is Nick Terrio, and I appreciate you coming on and checking out this video and yeah, guys have a great day. Peace out.