What if I told you in just 12 weeks, you could take your e-commerce brand from zero to over $30,000 a month in revenue? That's exactly what we did with one of our clients. They had nothing, no warm audiences, no warmed up pixel, and no proven creatives.

We were able to jump in their account, launch their first campaign, took them literally to $30,000 a month in revenue. Now in step one, we simply want to begin our market research, which drives our creative strategy. We need to understand who we even plan to run ads to.

What I like to do is go to Reddit, TikTok, YouTube, and then also looking at competitors selling the same product as me. And then I have a list of questions I like to answer to uncover the key emotional driving decisions for these customers, which then allows me to go and start building out the hook. These various different hooks I create are the things that grab people's attention and then drives the rest of the creative.

Now for me, the hook always starts off with the text hook. Then I write the rest of the script. Then I add the visuals that emulate that script right there we create.

Now once we have these hooks and these different ad concepts we want to create, we then go and start building out the actual creatives. So we'll basically have these different little ad plans, which is just basically everything that's going to be in that script and what we want done in that particular creative. And we'll either send this to our editing team, which will then go and just use content we already have on file, or we'll send this over to a content creator where we'll pay them to film that particular video with our product.

Now that we have all our creatives built out, then we'll start moving into the technical side of the Facebook ad account setup. Now for this particular account, we're only selling one product and we're only selling in one country. This means we only need one campaign to scale this store.

So I'm going to create my first campaign in this ad account. I'm going to go ahead and hit create campaign. Then I'm going to click on manual sales campaign, turn off advantage catalog ads.

I'm also going to turn on advantage campaign budget. I'm going to select a daily budget of $55. Now, because it's a brand new ad account, there's a spend limit on the account of $50.

So we can't spend more than $50 in a day. So the way we get around this is by going ahead and setting a budget of $55, 10% higher than your daily spend limit. This signals to Facebook that, hey, we're trying to spend more.

And if we keep hitting this for a couple days in a row, Facebook will start to increase our spend limit. Now, the next thing we're going to do is go to our ad set level. We're going to optimize for purchases.

Next thing you want to do is you want to turn off the advantage audience. And then you want to select your age, gender, and location that you want to target. Next thing we'll do is we'll turn on automatic placement.

And then here we can go to the ad level. Now, I do one ad set per ad concept. And one ad concept for me is three creatives.

And then I'm selecting flexible creative, uploading my photos or my videos into there. And then what I'm doing is just adding my copy, headline, primary text. Then from here, I'm just going to simply hit publish.

So over the next 12 weeks, all we're doing is simply research, create creatives, launch inside of that account. So let's look at first four weeks of data inside of this account. So during the first four weeks, we launched multiple different creatives and we tracked performance pretty closely.

Wasn't the greatest in the first four weeks. And we actually had a CPA of around $100 during this time. Again, I am not worried because it's a brand new ad account with no data.

Now, week five through eight got interesting. Now, we were able to start really ramping up our creative volume during this period of time right here. And this is where we allow to really start to understand more about who and why people are buying, what some of their desires, who's the type of people that's buying inside of this account.

This allowed us to start to adjust our messaging to better tailor to those people, which dropped the CPA even further. By week six, we got down to a $60 CPA, which again, keep in mind, beginning was around 100, week six about 60. And then we end up at about a 30.

A 30 is the target for this particular account. Now, weeks nine through 12, this is where finally hit gold inside of this ad account. We found a new winning ad creative that actually hit our exact target that we were looking for, which brought down CPA at the lowest possible point of $27 during this period of time right here.

It's allowed us to really start to increase ad spend during this period of time where we're doing 20% increases almost every single day. By week 12, we finally crossed over $1,000 a day of ad spend. Now, be very clear here.

This is a consumable product. And this particular client is breaking even on the first purchase. And they're going to keep coming back and buying more.

This whole process, which literally allowed us go from $50 a day of ad spend, all the way up to $1,000 a day in ad spend, which generated us over $30,000 a month in revenue. And if you want to learn more about this system, obviously just watch some of the hundreds of YouTube videos I have on my channel going into the system, or I have a full course on this system with over 150 step-by-step videos going to everything from the market research, leverage the core marketing fundamentals that we leverage like market desire, awareness, sophistication, how we actually build out the creatives itself, how to build a creative team, how to hire content creators, how to send scripts off and all those good things like that. We also go through the ad account structure.

And then as a bonus, I have also imported about 70 different weekly group calls from some of my private one-on-one students into this course as well for even, I don't know, I'd say close to 200 hours worth of extra content on top of that. That's never been seen before on YouTube. So if you want that system, I have it below.

It's called next tier ads, and this will give you everything you need to do exactly what we did in this video. Thank you all again for watching. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name's Nick Terrio. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.