Today I will be revealing the Facebook ads cheat code. I've been following this now for about a year and a half and I want to show you guys what it has allowed us to do. So it's allowed us to do $23,506 in a single day.

It allowed us to do $1.4 million in 30 days and it's allowed us to spend over $379,000 in the last 30 days on Legion. So e-com, e-com and Legion. And yeah, so while all the other advertisers are burning money on testing audiences, spending a lot of time setting up new ad account structures and getting burnt out on trying to keep up with complex Facebook ad strategies, all still to make any money with Facebook ads.

The cheat code we're leveraging is we're letting Facebook do the work. We're focusing all of our time on building ad concepts that are driven by market research and marketing fundamentals. And we're doing unrestricted targeting and letting Facebook's algorithm do all the work on targeting people who will buy from you.

And all of this comes down to the three A's, ad accelerator, ad account structure, and ads that scale. And before I reveal the code and the cheat that you can leverage as soon as you finish watching this video, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency and I coach and mentor students. Links to the both of those can be found below. And yeah, let's dive into the video.

So step number one is market research. We want to do a lot of research on our market specifically to understand what they want, which is their desires. We want to understand the problems they're currently experiencing, their pains, their struggles, their frustrations.

How do they talk? You know, what's the certain language they use? You know, every market has their own like acronyms and specific keywords.

So for example, Facebook ads, we have things like CPA, creative testing, things like this. Like these are certain words specific to our markets that we want to look at. And how do they talk?

What do they look like? Are they're like 40 plus out of shape? Are they 25 young and healthy?

You know, what part of the world they're from? What's their ethnicity? All that good stuff.

And then we want to look at what are other products similar to our product that we're currently running? So if I'm running a Facebook ads agency, what are other Facebook ads agencies, and then what are other products solving the same problem? So we're helping our clients make more money.

We want to look at other products that help our clients make more money. Email marketing, Google ads, TikTok ads, again, other products solving the same problem. And then who are the competitors, which is pretty much who are the other products similar.

And then we want to look at all of our comments and reviews on our ads, plus product pages, and pretty much anything else you can find your hands on. This is going to give us plenty of market research that we want to do literally on a daily basis. You never stop researching your market.

The day you stop researching market, the day you stop creating winning ads. Now, the next thing we want to do is plan out our first ad concepts inside of Adcelerator. This is a sheet that we have limited to just our inner circle students for right now.

But if you want to recreate this, cool. Essentially, we just call it the batch number, which is basically just literally a number we give every DCT test we do. Just simply so we can organize our creatives to that specific batch.

Status, are we working on it or is it done? What's the ad concept name we're creating? This is literally the same thing I do when I create like a YouTube video.

I just give it a title so that way we have something to reference as well. Who's the persona we're targeting? What's the desire which we want to talk about in that particular ad?

What's the benefit we want to talk about in that particular ad? How do we want to position this? Is this going to an unaware market?

Is this going to a problem aware market? Solution aware market? What's the positioning look like?

Next thing is, what is the hook pattern we want to use specifically for this ad for that hook? And the next one is, what are we creating and testing? So here I'm just giving out a little bit more information about what we're creating here, what we're testing, and what gives us confidence this ad will improve overall performance.

Next thing we do is just write down the results. Once it's tested, we link the ad set so people can go back to it. And then any learnings we made from that particular ad test.

Again, it's important. Every ad concept we test, we test with for a reason. And we also want to test based off market research.

So we have market research about a specific thing we want to test, create an ad concept around that, we test it out. And that's how we improve our confidence with creating that ad test. Now, again, it's just a couple other things that we look at inside of our ad accelerator, just a lot of the key things.

And one ad concept includes three creatives, brand new creatives, one body copy, one headline, all to fit that ad concept. And all of these key things appeal to one desire, one level of market awareness, one level of market sophistication, and one key identity. Now, we want to do three creatives, whether it's three videos or three images.

We never mix. Why? Because when I create an ad concept brief, I'm creating this brief to fit a video because I need to create multiple different, like I need to plan out that video for that ad concept, or I need to plan out the photo.

So when we build that ad concept, we plan out the whole thing, the whole brief around a video or a photo. That's what we do. That's why we never mix the two because when we build out the ad concept, it's specific to video or photo.

And we don't want to create an ad concept specifically to an image. And then like, I also do a video from that. Well, the video is not planned out for my editor, my copywriter.

So that's the key things we like to look at. Then step number three is after we build out the assets, we like to use frame.io to basically essentially go ahead and, you know, basically like review it with the team, the client, make sure everything was looking good. And then step number four, we launched this dynamic creative test inside of our campaign.

You guys should already know this. And then, you know, this is just one of our accounts right here, how, you know, we're spending like $1,500 a day. You know, we launch our DCT inside of here, which is just a dynamic creative testing ad sets of our main ad set in our DCT.

And then we also be doing is creating a new ad set, turning dynamic creative on broad targeting. And then we load in our three creatives, one new body copy that we created and then existing winning copy we know works so that way we can cross test the two to make sure it's not the copy. And then we have existing winning headline and a new headline specifically.

Last thing we do is we just do a final review on all those steps real quick. And then just so you guys know what we're doing, market research, plan out ad concept using ad accelerator, build up the ad concept, launch new ad set inside of single CBO campaign. And then we'll do this where we will continue to repeat steps one through four.

So these steps, we will continue to repeat these until we find a winning DCT. And this allows us to scale more. The reason why we want to winning DCT, because you'll see it takes majority of spend and it makes the business more money.

If we all sudden are spending a hundred bucks a day at like a $50 CPA, we find a new winning DCT and now getting a $25 CPA and our target is 30. Now we can spend substantially more. So once you find a winning DCT, number one, it allows us to spend more money, or it allows us to improve the current CPA at that level and we just leave it.

So it just depends on which objective is it to spend more money or to lower your CPA. Sometimes we'll scale up to a particular spin and we just need to improve the CPA and that's it. So it just depends.

Then make sure you confirm the overall impact on the business. So here we can see that when we found this winning DCT, May 18th, 2023, May 18th, 2023, May 18th, 2023, we can see that the overall business improved a lot when this ad got majority of spend. So why is this a cheat code?

Number one is time efficiency. There's so many of you guys wasting your time sitting here in your account all day, just refreshing the screen, setting up new structures, new strategies, every single fucking day. And you're wasting so much of your time trying to find an ad account hack.

And for us, I spend $10,000 a day, you know, just on one ad account. And it takes us five minutes a day to manage the ad account. Five minutes a day spending 10K a day.

A lot of you guys would shit your fucking brains out. If you had to spend $10,000 a day, you would be at the computer like a fucking crack addict trying to catch a high managing that much money. You guys are doing that with $100 a day right now.

So for us to spend 10K a day, look at it for five minutes and walk away. That's one reason why we love this because it's so much easier to manage from a time efficiency standpoint. Second thing is we cut through the noise.

Another thing, a lot of you guys are testing new structures, new strategies every single week. All right. I was able to achieve results faster because I stuck to one thing and I just kept doing that one thing.

And I stuck to something that actually made sense. And it actually leverages Facebook algorithms. It actually, you know, focuses on things that I know, Hey, this whole thing is built around the consumer itself.

The, an ad doing well and being very efficient is based off the perspective of that your customers enjoy the ad. Your customers like the ad or people purchase, you'll make more money. We also tested 22 DCTs before this ad took made success.

So we took 22 DCTs. We stuck with this strategy for 48 days, making no money or literally still staying at the same place. 48 days.

Imagine the next 48 days, you stay at the current level of ad spin you are already at right now. And on day 49, boom, you find your winning ad that allows you to 10 X to 50 extra daily ad spin, just depending on where you at right now. So we were able to 10 X ad spin when we found this particular ad.

All right. A lot of you guys don't see results in the first 48 hours and y'all turn your shit off and y'all already onto a next strategy. So reason why it's another cheat code is because we were able to stay with something and stick with something for a long period of time and reap the rewards with it.

Hey, five to 10 minutes, stay in the ad account. We stuck with it for 48 days. We were efficient with our time and we made the client a lot of money.

We made our, us a bunch of money. Yes. There was some patience in the first 60 days because it took a little time to get results.

But due to us sticking with that, we were able to improve the business dramatically. In fact, actually that particular account right there, that's how we were able to do $23,000 in a single day because we found the winning ads. We stuck to the plan and we continued to scale based off that performance right there.

So that's also another thing of why it's a cheat code. What others would have done? A lot of you guys would start firing up audience testing campaigns, start figuring out, Hey Nick, is it ABO or CBO?

The DCTs aren't spending. I should do an ABO campaign. Then you go burn more money and then you'll be like, Oh, why don't you go do cost caps?

Because this person says you need to do cost caps. Then you go do cost caps and that might work for you for a little bit, but then as soon as it starts to dwell off, you stop doing that. Then you try to do bid caps.

Then you try to start looking at different methods of scaling. Maybe I need to duplicate the campaign a couple of times, or maybe I need to duplicate the ad set a couple of times. Oh, wait, wait, wait, is that pocket theory?

Maybe I need to do pocket theory, which again, look, don't get me wrong, pocket theory. I used to do two as well. I don't believe in it anymore at all.

Pocket theory is essentially where you need to duplicate an ad a couple of times to try to find the right audience that every ad has a different audience with it. All bullshit. All right.

Or maybe you kept testing the same creative over and over. You know, I know people that have never introduced any other creatives in the account and they just keep sticking to the same creative over and over and over. And they just keep trying new copy, new copy, new copy.

That's a poor man's way or not. Let me rephrase that. That's a lazy man's way of testing ads that does not yield results.

And lastly, you force spin to ads because you saw, Hey, these ad sets didn't get spin. So guess what? You know what?

I need to force ads to money. And that's why you're still not getting results with Facebook ads because you're doing so much other shit while we're able to scale accounts to 15 K a day, 10 K a day. Um, you know, these three accounts right here, there's that account right now, as of today, 2023, uh, September 14th, this account right here is spending 10 K a day.

Um, this account right here is spending 20 K a day. And then this count right here is spending, um, 11 K a day. So between these three accounts right here, we're spending almost $40,000 a day and we're spending five to 10 minutes a day in these accounts while you're spending hours a day on a hundred dollars a day of spend.

That's where things are. That's why this is a cheat code because it cut down our time. It's, it's in drastically improved the performance of our ads.

And because of all of that, that's why it's a cheat code. We trust Facebook. We let Facebook tell us what's working and what's not working.

Oh, well, Nick, a DCT is getting all the spin, but it's not a positively impacted the business. Cool. Turn it the fuck off.

What do you want me to tell you? Turn it off. Just because it gets all the spin doesn't mean it's actually good.

That's why I tell you guys to confirm the impact on the business, make sure the business as a whole is making more money. All right. These are all key things you need to look at.

We focus all of our time on new ads. All right. 90% of these 22 DCTs was three new creatives.

That's 22 DCTs times three. That's about 66 fresh creatives introduced into the account. You guys are still running the same two to three creatives, uh, over the last two years and trying to scale.

We're no shit. Go get some fresh new content in the accounts. You know what the issue is, but you're trying to find these little simple hacks of these little things that increase performance just a little bit, but it's not the thing that's going to, you know, um, you could take a pebble and throw a pebble out a window and guess what?

Maybe it'll crack it a little bit, but if you want to break a window, just take a fucking brick and throw it through the window. And a lot of you guys are throwing pebbles at the window. We don't need to throw a brick at the window.

And that's why I'm being hard on you guys right now for a reason, because I'm confident. And I know this gets works. I know it gets performance because I've done it over a variety of counts.

I have a group of 40 plus students that come in with the same kind of hesitations about it. But then once they see the potential, they see the performance and they're like, holy shit, Nick, thank you. Thank you so much because I finally realized it.

And I'm calling you guys out because I love you guys a lot. I really love the support you show the channel and I want to see you guys win. And in order for me to win, sometimes you have to be, in order for me to see you guys win, sometimes I'm going to be a little hard on you guys.

So look, nothing personal. Love you guys a lot. But we need to cut the shit.

We need to make sure we're doing the things in the right order. And look, I'm not trying to be the guru that's saying, this is the only way to go. No, I despise those people a lot.

I'm just simply showing you guys, hey, I've tested a lot of things. I've tested multiple campaigns. I've tested audience tests.

I've tried, I've tried all of it. I've been running ads since 2015. Go look at all my previous YouTube videos from 2001 or 2021, 2019, 2000.

Yeah. 2019, 2020, 2021. I was preaching all of that back then.

But now since 2022 to now, I only preach this because it's what I've seen the most successful out of everything. It's based off where Facebook is headed in terms of the media buyer, like trajectory and stuff. And it's based off what I know gets results because it's based on marketing fundamentals and creating ads that convert.

And at the end of the day, if all of this was gone and like, you know, like Facebook is getting closer to like, keep moving the media buyer out to where like, you really can only upload ads and set a budget. And that's it. Eventually that's the one day how Facebook will be.

You upload a couple ads and that's it. There's no audiences. There's no campaigns.

You upload a few creatives and you set a budget and that's it. And in order to you, for you to excel and be amazing at Facebook in 2023, 2024, 2025, 26, 27, 28, all the way for years on, you need to become irreplaceable. And how do you do that?

Is you learn marketing fundamentals. And that's what I love about like my clients and like my coaching and stuff, because we're not doing anything sexy when it comes to the ad accounts. You know, we're spending 10K a day in a single campaign broad targeting, like we're spending five to 10 minutes a day in the ad account.

Is that mean we spend five to 10 minutes a day on the client? Hell no. We spend substantially more time on the client, but we're doing things like market research and building hypothesis off of market research of what creatives we need to create next to effectively scale revenue for the brand.

And that's what we're doing. So we're saving time on the ad account side. We're spending 10, a lot of people are 80% ad account, 20% marketing fundamentals.

We're 80% marketing fundamentals, 20% ad account, and then even less than 20%. And when you be more efficient with time and have a set plan, that's how you make more money with Facebook ads. That's what we repeatedly do.

And that's why I share all of this as transparent as possible with you guys. So I want to help you guys out. I want to help you guys make more money at the end of the day.

I love you guys. I really appreciate all the support and getting only being hard on you guys, because number one, I've been there too. I understand it's frustrating and stuff like that.

And two, I know I come from an ethical standpoint. Like I'm not some, you know, fake guru or something like that, trying to get you guys to buy courses or some shit like that. Like I'm brought all this completely free for you guys.

Cool. Yeah. Like, look, if for whatever reason you want to work for my agency, cool.

If you want to jump into my mentoring program, cool. Mentoring program is simply you working one-on-one with me to where I can help you get you better results. That is it.

But at the end of the day, like I create all this content fully transparent for you guys and to help you guys out. So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and y'all take care.

Peace out.