How to spend $300,000 on one Facebook ad. Yes, that's $300,000 we spent on one ad. And today I'll be breaking down kind of like what all went into this particular ad right here.

Some of the revenue it generated, the results, give you a little bit of a process in terms of like the creation process of an ad like this. Before we get started, if you're new to the channel, you have no idea who I am. My name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency and I also coach and mentor students. And both those links can be found below. Make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into the video. So how to spend $300,000 on a Facebook ad. So just first off to show you really quick, this ad ran from the summer 1st to August 17th, 2023, which is currently today.

And yes, it is still active. It's not an ad that we turned off yet. And you can see right here, this ad just in our basically our main campaign.

We had duplicated that main ad set a couple of times just because of we had to remove certain states that we were advertising in. So that's why it's kind of duplicated a few times. I don't just duplicate ads to duplicate ads.

It's just because we had to duplicate the ad set to remove some states that we couldn't advertise anymore. So that's why it's duplicated a couple of times, but this is the exact same ad and all of these right here. And we spent $361,000 with a $33 cost per lead.

And I'll go into the stats in a second. This is just to show really quick. I can't show you guys the ad because this is a client's ad.

And so I can't show you guys really much here. It's about how much I can show y'all, but just show y'all proof right there. We have 3,200 comments, 1.6,000 shares published by Nick Terrio, December 9th, 2022.

And we have 5.1K reactions. Now to show you guys the stats really quick, we spent $360,000, which generated 10,900 leads. Now we had an 8.5% close rate on these leads, which came out to about 926 sales for this particular ad.

Now we had a customer value of $2,500 per sale, which if we multiply the sales times the value, that comes out to $2.3 million in revenue generated from this one ad right here, which I mean, what is that like? I don't know, like over a 5X return on ad spend right there. I think it's like a 6X or something like that.

I don't know. I'm not a math junkie. I'm a math.

I'm a marketing junkie. Not a math junkie. Yeah.

So just kind of dig a little bit deeper into like the actual construction of this ad specifically. So our market awareness was unaware, which means we basically have to convince people that they have a problem. That's number one.

Number two is that our desire was protecting myself from expensive medical bills. Give you guys a little bit of what we're doing here. That's the desire of the marketplace.

The desire of the marketplace is how can I protect myself from these expensive medical bills? Now, the market sophistication is a stage number one. Basically, this means is that, you know, we just have to state the claim.

We don't have high competition. We're kind of like the first service that does the key things that this product does. So just a little bit more.

Now, a couple of challenges here is that they had a lot of, you know, we've been running this account now for a while now. I mean, we spent $4.5 million in 2022. 2023, we're close to spending about the same.

So we've been running this account for a while. And this is a new ad we found in the end of 2022. So it's full transparency on that.

We've had some time to work on this account. And we knew there was a lot of objections around this product. And that allowed us to better do our customer research to understand what are some of the things we need to call on in the ad before we introduce the solution?

What are some of the objections we need to overcome that I feel like a lot of people don't talk about? Next thing is that we're opening up an unaware market. We spent the whole year in a problem aware market.

And the problem of problem aware market was that, you know, we're contracted out to do about $35 cost per lead. That's our objective for this particular account. And, you know, for a couple months now, we were going up to $40, $45 CPL.

And we were dominant in a problem aware and a solution aware environment. So our also our objective was to open up an unaware market. And that's where we're convincing people they have a problem.

Because what we wanted to do was we wanted to reach new people and fund new people into the accounts. Cool thing is, is that this product is only for like 60 plus. And every year there's new people that are turning 60 plus.

So that's just more or every day people are turning 60 plus. So that's new people every day. That's just funneling into this account, which gives us more people to convert every day, which is awesome.

So that's one, that's one challenge right there is we have to convince people they have a problem. Now, when you're convincing people, you have a problem. That's also more expensive and it's also harder, but we actually did a better job than some of our problem aware ads, which is really cool.

Next thing is that we had to show them how the product works. In a non-boring way. How do we articulate this product in a way that they make sense?

So they understand the mechanism because we're in a stage one sophistication. So we have to explain what the mechanism does. So I'm just going to show you guys the construction of the ad.

This is basically from like here all the way through the full ad. So that was one minute long and we're opening up an unaware market for the people that's asking, Nick, what's the perfect look for an ad? It doesn't fucking matter.

It comes down to what you have to explain in the ad. It comes down to the market awareness you're targeting. It comes down to like, I could literally make this whole ad 15 seconds.

I can make this ad 15 hours if I wanted to. It just depends on a couple of things. Us personally, we like, we see ads, top performing ads anywhere from 15 seconds to a minute long.

Just what we've seen in the account. 15 seconds to a minute long. I've seen, I have ads that have spent a million dollars at 15 seconds long.

And I've asked that have done a couple million in revenue that are a minute long. So just transparency on that. So first things first is that we need to call out people that are in, who are basically on Medicare.

That's, that's people we're targeting. So what I do is I create a headline that calls out people that are on Medicare. Do I say, if you're on Medicare, watch this?

No, I do not. I do say Medicare in the headline, but I'm not going to tell you all the exact headline I used, but I do call people on the people who have Medicare. And I say a headline that appeals to those people.

Now, when you're opening up an unaware market, there's a couple of different ways you can open up an unaware markets. And there's also a couple of rules. Rules for opening up an unaware market is you cannot call out the product name.

You cannot call out the problem. You cannot call out the desire. You cannot call out the solution.

You cannot call out the price. So that's everything around your product. You cannot say anything around your product.

So you have to call out a group of people in the marketplace that are segmented by an emotion. So we're calling out people on Medicare and then we're stating that emotion, but we're saying it in a way that appeals to that emotion. We're not just saying that emotion.

And then a couple of ways to open up an unaware market is to focus on a hidden dream, a hidden fear, a really big win, a kind of like a stress or like a agitator they experience every day, a resentment, if I would say something like that. So like, I hate how long it takes to upload ads to my ad accounts, something like that. You know?

So that's, that's what we do. We call out something around there and that's how we get people to watch the video. Now, again, the headline is also, I'm focusing on the creative headline.

That's, that's going to be the big text that if I scroll this video all the way to this. So one right here, zero right here is the big text on the screen right here. That's it.

So, um, that's the first thing. Now that we got them watching, we got this group of people watching. Now we have to educate them on a problem.

Now we have to convince people they have a problem, which that problem is the problem of medical bills. So we educate them on the fact that, um, you know, these medical bills are huge and that, uh, it's very likely that their Medicare coverage will not cover it, which is like, if you, if you're from outside the USA, your health insurance will not cover it. Now that they know who they are, like who we called out.

And then now we educate them on the problem. Before I introduce the solution, I want to handle the objections before they even become objections. Now there's going to be objections to the problem.

There's going to be objections to the solution. There's going to be objections to how the product works. There's going to be objections to even the social proof.

There's a variety of different objections, but I know there's two or three objections that, uh, we need to handle before we introduce the solution. And the biggest one is that, oh, well, my health insurance will cover this. So we had to actually handle this objection in the way we did it was that we showcased other people who thought the same.

That's it. Hey, these people thought they would too. Boom, boom, boom.

And then, oh shit. Well, I guess that's not right. Now let's introduce the solution because now we brought the guard down.

We didn't introduce the solution first because then they would have been like, oh, my health insurance will cover this swipe up. We wanted to call out the objection. So they were like, oh shit.

Okay. Whoa, hold up. I thought that would actually work, but no, it doesn't.

So what does work? Then here's the solution. Then from there, this is just a regular ad introduce solution.

We're calling out the solution. We're showing how the product works. We're showcasing the unique mechanism, which is just the unique way it delivers what it delivers.

Uh, we had a few social proof, which is just people saying, Hey, I've used this service and then call it action. And it's this part right here that allowed us to spend the $300,000. It's this part right here that allowed us to spend significantly more than our other ads because we reached a unaware market, which is a bigger markets than a problem aware markets.

And then calling out these objections helped the conversion rate because people watch the video longer because we pull their guard down before we told them anything else. And then this, this right here is actually the easiest part. This is very straightforward.

This takes no brainpower. This takes, this very straightforward. Here's the product.

Here's what it does. Here's some social proof. Call to action.

That took no time. This took us, this took me about two weeks to put together. And that's me telling my creative team what to put together.

That's not even me editing the ad, writing a copy and stuff like that. This took me like five minutes. And I'm being serious here.

It took us two weeks of doing research and figuring out how to structure this ad. So it takes time to put ads together like this. And then again, just going back over it.

Yeah. $361,000 spend $33 cost per lead, 10,900 leads, 8.5% close rate, $2,500 customer value. We made $2.3 million off $360,000.

So yeah, hope this video was helpful. I really wish I could show you guys the ad, but unfortunately I can't due to client limitations and stuff like that. Um, but Hey, like jump on a sales call for me, happy to show you, or, you know, even like join as like one of my inner circle students and also happy to show you, but just for public YouTube like this can't.

So my apologies hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And my name is Nick Theriot. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.