I stopped looking at Facebook ad ROAS and I made more money due to it. And I want to cover two critical points in today's video, and that is why you need to know your NCCPA and why you need to stop looking at Facebook ROAS individually. What's going on guys?

Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault. If you're new to the channel and haven't seen my videos before, I've done over $60 million in online revenue with Facebook ads.

For my partners, I run a Facebook ads agency and I also coach and mentor students. You can find out that information below if you want to work with me or getting to my mentorship program. Both those links are in the description below.

Also, before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into it. So I stopped looking at Facebook ad ROAS and made more money.

Some interesting stuff I want to cover today. And we'll be honest with you, it's kind of a little scattered in this video, but trust me, I'm going to be able to show you everything just the way I see it. Just bear with me a little bit.

So first off, why you need to know your target NCCPA and how it's made us a ton of money for our clients and how it's improved their performance by understanding this. Why you need to stop focusing on Facebook performance individually and how that's made us a bunch of money. We all know that.

Hey, I want a 3X on Facebook. Cool. What are you getting overall?

Like a 5. Well, why not just keep spending because we're not getting through on Facebook and it's, yeah. So I'm going to cover a few things.

All right. I'm trying to make a few key points to you guys to help you all, you know, I would say kind of enlighten you guys. So first off, I'm going to show you the brand.

One of our brands really quick. This is their performance. I'm using triple well to show all this data.

So if you're curious of how I do it, it's triple well. This brand right here, we did $116,000 so far this month. That's June 1st through June 15th.

We spent about $29,000 on ads. So yeah, now we have an NCCPA of $47. We have LTV about $70.

AOV is about $68. Now LTV, this is modeled off a one month basis or this $50 basis. So this is not my true LTV.

I always look at LTV on a, you know, a 90 day, six month and like a 12 month basis. And then new customer revenue, 37% and returning customer revenue, 63%. As far as this right here, this means nothing to us.

Like these are just numbers. I don't even like to look at ROAS or NC ROAS because it fucks with your mindset. So, hey, there's so much we spent on ads.

There's much we did in revenue. This is our new customer revenue. So returning customer revenue, AOV, NCCPA.

That's it. So I want to look at a few things with you. So number one is that we spent our 63% of our revenue was returning customers.

And you can see right here that returning customer revenue was about $70,000 versus $46,000. And without spending a dollar on ad spend with a 65% gross margin, here's our gross margin right here. You can see, again, we had an AOV of $68.

Here's what that $68 AOV looks like. Cox shipping and handling gross margin 65%. So we did $70,000 in revenue with a 65% gross margin because it's returning customer revenue.

We didn't spend money on ads to acquire those customers. They're just returning customers. They are, we've already spent the money a long time ago on them.

So that's $45,000 in gross profit. And again, that's before all the other expenses in the business, but that's how we made $45,000 in gross profit. Now, next thing I want to look at is, and right now I'm just kind of just showing you things.

I'm not really going to dig into too much, anything crazy yet. But another thing is that if we look at the paid traffic sources for the month, June 1st through June 15th, we know that, hey, Facebook, $22,000 in spend, 1.39x RoboS. Google ads, $7,000 to spend, 3.2x RoboS.

Cool. Like this again, doesn't tell us anything at all. But some of you guys be looking at this and be like, well, Nick, we need a 4x on Facebook.

Not necessarily. All right. Because if we did a 4x on Facebook, we wouldn't have been able to do this.

And I'm going to explain. So, and then the second question on here is, well, why not spend more on Google? So we spent $7,000 on Google, 3.2x for us.

Some of you guys be like, hey, let's crank up Google. So first thing is I posted this on Twitter the other day about how like, hey, Facebook introduced them to their brand and got them interested. They didn't click on an ad or anything.

They just saw the brand. They maybe screenshotted it. They saved it to their phone.

No way Facebook could have attributed that sell. Then next thing they did was maybe a few days later, they opened up their phone and like, they want to go try to find that brand. So they searched it up on Google and Google clicked you like that particular person clicked on your Google ad.

Next thing is that they went ahead. They added to cart. They started to make a purchase, but they're at dinner with their family and the food just got to the table.

So they put their phone down and a few hours later, they got an SMS from you and said like, hey, complete your checkout. So they went and took the checkout. Now the question here is who actually took responsibility for this sale?

Is it Facebook? Is it SMS? Is it Google?

So correct answer is Facebook, but the reality is they all helped, but Facebook's the one that got them into your sales funnel. So it really kind of depends on where you look at it. If you look at a first click Facebook, if you look at a last click is SMS.

But if we turned off Facebook completely, Google and SMS would dry up completely. And that's why we have a problem with a lot of clients saying, hey, we look at overall numbers. We look at overall NCCPA because looking at individual Facebook specific ROAS, it doesn't tell the full story at all.

Now, in this case right here, Facebook is driving a ton of new impressions because for this particular business right here, Facebook is the only spin. And what's funny is, is that organic and social has 641 purchases and we're doing nothing on organic and social. It's just purchases that are coming in that can't be tracked.

So triple L is link comes organic and social. We're doing nothing on organic and social. Keep that in mind.

And then Google ads, all of our Google ads is search brand keywords. So if someone types in this particular brand on Google, it'll show us like, it'll show them up first. But if they're just searching for our product, which would bring in new customers to the business or not new customers, but like new first impressions, we're not doing that at all on Google.

So Google is like basically a big ass retargeting campaign. Facebook's the only thing that's driving fresh impressions to the business. So, but if we were working with a client and he judges off performance or she judges off performance on Facebook individually, we would technically look like a failure in this case when reality or not, we're actually doing way better than that.

And we're actually crushing this particular client's goals. And we've actually scaled them up from literally $17,000 a month. Now they do about 300 K per month in revenue.

So just want to talk about that. Now, the next thing is that we only focus on NCCPA. All right.

So again, NCCPA. Now, a lot of you guys like, what the fuck's that, Nick? Well, NCCPA is the cost to acquire a new customer to the business.

Now it'll be turning customers. So if you look at CPA, CPA could be returning or new customer. You don't know.

NCCPA is new customer cost per acquisition. So here you go. You can see it costs us $47 to acquire a new customer to the business.

Now, if we're going to go over in there in a second, but we'll look at like LTV, AOV and all that stuff in a second and why that's important. So if you take a look at this, you can see, hey, we have a $68 AOV gross margin of about 65% and a breakeven robust is 1.54, which again, it doesn't tell the full story. And then our three month LTV is $95.

So our day one AOV is $68, but our three month LTV is $95. And we're currently getting a four, well, this is a 43, but I'm going to show you guys another example in a second here. And then if you want this little calculator sheet, then just watch this video, how to calculate target CPA.

And you can download the sheet from that video right there. Now, how do we use that to judge overall performance? Well, let's look at this first.

I just want to show it to you guys. So that way you have a better understanding of how I'm using this. So again, enter in your AOV, your cost of goods, your shipping and handling, all that good stuff.

And right now, this is our current scenario. This is what we're currently doing for this particular client. We're doing a 1.42 break even or new customer ROAS.

So the ROAS on new customers. Ad spend, we're spending about $29,000. Now this is just for the first half of this month right here.

First half of this month. This is not the full month, but we spent $29,000. And then we did about $41,000 in revenue.

After cost of goods and shipping and handling, we've actually lost $2,200. Now, some of you guys be like, oh my God, I think that's terrible, but not necessarily. Because we acquired 600 new customers to the business.

And with a $95 LTV, that negative $2,200 increases in value. Again, increases in value to $8,400 in profit. So we make about another 10K in profit after day one.

Now we've been doing this for months of spending at a loss on month one and spending and focusing on LTV. Now, what does that mean to the business? Well, if we go back and look right here, we did 63% returning customers in a month prior, which put the business into $45,000 in gross profits.

So we'll look back right here. This is what I'm looking at. Order revenue, again, $47 CPA, 37% new customers, 63% returning customers.

And what we've seen is that 63% of this revenue, which is $70,000 is returning customer revenue, which we didn't pay a dollar for because we've already acquired that customer. So reality is that we did $45,000 in gross profit. Now, what does this mean for the business?

The next part now is looking at it from a, hey, is this profit good? Like, are we making enough profit for the business? And can we reinvest more of that back into ad spend?

Because we know that every time we spend, you know, let's just say like, what if I put this as like a dollar? What happens if I put this at a dollar? Okay.

That doesn't work. All right. So every time we invest, what about a hundred dollars?

What does that do? All right. So every time we make, we invest a hundred dollars into the business, we make back $30 in profit.

So you make, invest a hundred bucks, you get $130 over three months. So if we have extra cash and profit for the business, then what we can do is we can reinvest that back into the Facebook ads. So just, I just want to put that in that scenario.

Now, another thing is some of you guys are like, Hey Nick, well, why don't we just do a higher ROAS on day one? Well, every business will be different. And also too, this is why we model this because this business thought they needed a three X in the beginning, but the reality is they realized they did not.

And they've been able to scale with lightning speed to 300 K a month by not focusing on that three X ROAS. Now they're willing to have a way lower ROAS on Facebook, even to the point where like, Hey, 0.8 on Facebook is perfectly okay for us because we have enough extra additional profits in the backend that we can afford to spend more on Facebook ads. Now, second thing is that some businesses might need a five X ROAS just to break even, but that doesn't mean they need that for the rest of their life as they improve their LTV, as it improve their customer journey, all that good stuff.

So realistically here is that you're using this to model different scenarios for your business. So if your objective is to hit $10,000 in profit, for example, in this particular case, to hit $10,000, well, we have to spend $80,000 at 1.75. Now let's copy this over.

What happens if we spend 1.5 and we do, well, this case it wouldn't work. 1.6, for example, we'd have to spend probably roughly about $240,000. Now let's look at this two different scenarios, both get the same day, one profit about $10,000, but look at the impact on a three month basis.

This one adds a hundred grand in profit to the business over three months. This one adds literally $40,000, a little under $40,000 in profit over the next three months. But if you're just like, Hey Nick, I need a 3X at $30,000 in spin, do $30,000.

All right. The problem with this is yes, look how good that looks, but it just might not be feasible for your particular product. This product right here is a supplement product and it has an AOV about $68.

Having a 3X on day one, unless you're selling like liquid gold, it's very difficult. So having a lower NC rare S and modeling out your LTV and modeling out everything based off an NCCPA. So this is the CPA target that you need to specifically hit to model this.

So for us, we needed a $47 NCCPA, which is what we're currently doing for this brand. And just to put back over it right here. So that's one thing to look at.

Now, I know that might be a little crazy, but I can literally do a full hour on this. So, and this is something that we do a lot with a lot of our clients education on. Now, next thing is how do we use NCCPA to judge overall performance?

So this is going to be talking more about when we leverage it and also to how we judge the success of ads for the business. And quick stop, make sure if you don't know how to run my ad account, make sure to go watch these two videos. Only if you do not know how I run our ad account.

If you already know how we run our ad accounts with single campaign testing DCTs and a CBO setup, then you don't need to watch these. But if you do, then don't worry about it. Now, first off, here's our main campaign inside of one of our accounts.

You see May 13th through May 15th. We, yeah, I mean, that's just what it is. All right.

Now let's look at the same time period for Triplewell and looking at things like other stuff like NCCPA, you know, net profit ads, stuff like that. You can see we had a $39 NCCPA. You can also see net profit as well.

Now, same timeframe or different timeframe, a couple of days later, when we found a new winning DCT, you can see it's a $29 cost per purchase. And then we have a $28 cost per purchase and the one getting the most spent. So it actually has a worse cost per acquisition for this business.

And if we were purely just looking at Facebook, we would think this is a failure. But by looking at overall NCCPA for the business, we drove it down from like what? $39 to $31.

We spent slightly more on ads and we've like almost tripled the profit for the business. So that's why we look at NCCPA when we're judging the success of any ad sets that take off. Again, ad sets that take off because in order to create a large impact on NCCPA, it needs to spend more than our main ad set.

So that's another thing. And then last point to cover is why not go for a really low NCCPA? We know if we go for a really low NCCPA.

So for example, this one right here, if we get a $22 NCCPA on a $68 AOV, we could do like crazy amounts of cash. The reason why we don't do it is because it slows down your scaling speed. The faster you can acquire customers, the more money you can make on the back end.

And the more you can make on the back end, the more money you can spend to acquire a customer. And the one who can spend the most acquire customers wins in the long run. So your objective is to understand, to dial in all of these things, which will allow you to scale faster.

If you don't need a 5X ROAS on a $50 AOV, which is super unrealistic, and you can afford a 1.5, you can scale significantly faster. Now, when you have all these customers, you can monetize them and make all your profit in the back end. It's just a different way to look at things to build a business.

Now, a few action items for you. Get Triple L so you can see like your NCCPA or any other tool that allows you to see like your NCCPA. Download the CPA calculator taught in this specific lesson.

Model out different scenarios for your business. Determine new winning ads on Facebook by impact on NCCPA. So when you have an ad set that takes off in your main campaign and is getting all the spin, how does your overall NCCPA for the business look?

Make sure you survey existing customers to determine what new products they want and problems they had with their first purchase. So on top of improving LTV, you also want to improve your first purchase. Because if your first purchase, they're having a really bad experience, you can put endless amounts of products in front of them after, but they will not buy from you again.

And then next thing is improve the customer experience. Improve your product, launch new products, like do all that good stuff. So hope you guys understood this video.

I know it's kind of a little over the place. It was kind of a last minute video I just put together because it's something that I really want to touch on. I'm happy to do another video around this, answering some questions in the comments below.

So make sure you drop any comments below. Happy to help. And yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.