I tested over 100 different Facebook ad creatives for my clients, and I found out the exact ones that convert like crazy. So today we're going to be going over these creatives, and I'm going to show you step by step of all of them, what they look like and breaking each one down. So let's start off with the first one.

First one we have right here is a before and after picture. Now, again, I know there's a lot of people like, hey, before and after is to get you banned and stuff like that. And I completely agree.

Before and afters will get you banned if you do it incorrectly. The correct way to do before and afters is, number one, something like this right here, where there's no clear visuals of the before and after. That's sensitive.

And sensitive things is like close-ups of skin. Let's say, for example, like acne face versus no acne face, weight loss where it's like an overweight person and someone with a six-pack, hair, growth and loss, and anything like money, right? Like a before and after of a bank account.

These are all sensitive things that's likely going to get you banned. But if you do the before and after like this, or for example, here's another one right here that worked really well for us, where we literally showed a metaphor of the result that people are going to achieve. Because let's just be fair here.

If we were to show this as a before and after with real images, I mean, one, I personally don't even want to be editing that. But two, that's going to gross a lot of people out. And number three, it's going to get banned immediately.

So in this particular case right here, we had to use a metaphor. Metaphor is where we just take everyday objects our audience already sees, and we just simply use those to make a metaphor or analogy of how the product works. Now, this is also a really cool before and after.

And instead of saying before and after, we just talk about a timeline. And, you know, we do this by talking about the benefits they see on day one and talk about the benefits they see on day 100. You can do this in a variety of different ways.

You can showcase day one, day seven, day one, day 30. You can also do like month one, month three, depending on kind of like the, you know, how long it takes you and to get those particular benefits right there. But it's also another really cool example of a before and after.

Now, this is for clothing side. Now, we're going to kind of shift into, which is more like lifestyle and everything. Just a quick disclaimer real quick.

All of these creatives are clients that we personally ran ads for. But this one particular client right here, we didn't do any of the creatives. We just simply did the media buying.

So I just want to make sure that's known as I'm presenting this particular creative right here. So this right here is where we present the lifestyle aspect. And this is just simply where we're trying to appeal to a lifestyle.

We're trying to make these things look of a high perceived value. So if you look and notice all of the environment, it all kind of speaks to rich people, right? Luxury, vibes.

That's all the things that it's talking to. And that's what we want in that particular moment right there to make this product look better than everyone else in the marketplace. I like to tell people, it's like, imagine if they shot this content right here, but they were like shooting this content in a trailer park.

Like it wouldn't get the same vibe and like appeal that it has. And here's another great example of where you take a lifestyle product and just go simply shoot content in a rich location. So let's just see and kind of watch this video quick.

So boom, Louis Vuitton in the background. So we're obviously in a part of a city where they have like a Louis Vuitton. It's probably gonna be a richer part of the city.

All right. Number two, Dior in the background. There's Dior right here.

There's another Louis Vuitton. Oh, wait, wait, hold up. There's a Louis Vuitton shot.

There is a Ferrari passing. Another Dior in the BMW. So look, long story short, they shot this in a rich location.

This increases the perceived value of the product because your authority hijacking here. For example, for me, I shot a video in this studio right here. How to scale Facebook ads in 2024.

It was a 60 second chart. Then I shot the exact chart, said the exact same things, but I shot the exact same video in LA when I rented a Lamborghini Huracan for 48 hours. I shot the exact same video where I showcased me driving the Lamborghini.

The Lamborghini wasn't the focal point of the video, but you could tell I was in a Lamborghini if you knew cars. And that video got 10 times more views, likes, and comments than the one that was shot in this studio because it just simply added some credibility to my name right there. Now, next one we're going to look at is this more like fitness clothing and stuff.

This is a great example right here of when you're selling clothing, girls to guys, whoever you're selling to, most of the time, not all the time, but most of the time, you want to use a more attractive person in that video or in that photo. When people buy clothing, they're buying a future version of themselves. And when people buy clothing, they, for the most part, want to look better.

They want to upscale their appearance. And when we show a more attractive model in that particular picture or in that particular video right there, what essentially happens right there is people imagine themselves looking like that wearing the clothing. And we've done that before.

We tried that with this brand where we tried someone who just like looked normal to be fair. And even on like the icon side right here, they tried creatives where it was literally just like someone who sat at this all day to do work. And neither of those worked well.

Why? Because they weren't attractive versions of the future self that people want to be seen as. Here's another good example right here of lifestyle where it's just showing video, a couple of different like compilation video of girls wearing the product itself.

This is also appealing to a stage four sophistication where we're not reinventing the legging. We're not reinventing the top. We're just simply showcasing a new and a better version.

No new mechanism or anything like that. Just a better version, right? And then we're showcasing the desire to look good, look confident, look sexy.

And like, look, literally we say that inside of our creative right here. So I'm not just saying that. Now here's the next one.

This is one that we were able to create from looking at Facebook ad comments. And we found two girls tag each other saying, hey, you know, let's have a girls night soon and use this product. So what we did was we shot a complete video around that by showcasing girls night, showcase the girls having fun, all of those good things.

And we called out girls night and we had a girl talk about like how she recently did this on the last girls night. We showcased visuals. We kind of bounced back and forth between the two.

So that way people really got the idea in their head of what this product is for. Now, next thing is very, very similar thing, but we looked at other desires across the marketplace that we could potentially put this product as. And one of them was like emotional support art project.

So we're going after people who, you know, kind of like not necessarily struggled with mental health, but just kind of struggled emotionally a little bit, needed like an outing, right? And that's what we did right here. Exact same concept as the girls night, except we called out POV or my emotional support art project.

And then we go into telling a story of how she wants to escape her thoughts and have some time alone to run and all that good stuff. Then next one, we have basically the same thing as girls night, but instead of girls night, we did a self-care night. And like all of these are films similar, just with different visuals, right?

So this one's talking, showing like a wine glass and stuff being filled up. It's talking about a girl who wants to like unwind, have a self-care night and all that good things. So there are different scripts with different hooks, right?

It's not just changing the hook and just changing the visuals. It's a new hook plus a new script itself. And then this is another one.

What I really like about this hook is you've been managing your anxiety wrong. So this is calling out a particular problem or solution even that people are looking for. And we're just simply saying you're doing it wrong.

And that makes, it kind of challenges people a little bit because they want to know what they're doing wrong. And we're also calling our ideal audience, which is anxiety people. So this is really good.

So it's like, if I made a video that says, you've been running Facebook ads wrong, you'd be like, what? No, I'm not. I'm not, trust me.

And then you'd take a look at the video just to even see and justify your actions. Now, next one, this product sells itself. Like two seconds.

This is a great example of like, I only need to showcase what people need to see, basically to create belief in this product, helps them satisfy their desire. So we simply just showcased, hey, look, put your two names together and you create this really cool infinity thing. And yeah, it's a great gift to be fair.

So we took it a step further and like this one crushed, but we took it a step further and we're just like, okay, if this works, how can we make it better? So we got this girl. Keep in mind, we're selling to conservative Christian type people that are more Southern.

So we did a Southern girl, blonde, and we did this kind of like brick background and this crushed for this brand. And she's literally just talking about the product. That's it.

And we just simply did another variation of this. Great example of a variation, right? We know we just need to showcase the product immediately.

And then we just did that, but we had a girl holding it and talking about it for a little bit. Now, next one that's going to go back towards more some static graphics here, the anti-lazy elixir. So we're calling out people who are lazy.

They're tired of being lazy and we're introducing a new mechanism. And we're also kind of making it sound a little bit better. The anti-lazy elixir just sounds really cool to be fair.

And then we're immediately going into their desired state, which is formulated to boost focus, energy, and motivation. So that's the problem. That's what they want.

We're highlighting that. And then we're showing that new product that they can leverage for that. Now, next one, the easiest way to fight inflammation.

If someone's tried a couple different things to achieve a result, sometimes showing a new way that's easier, faster, or cheaper. These are three key things that people look for in new things, right? So we're hinting at this is the easiest way to fight inflammation.

If you struggle to fight inflammation throughout your life, and all of a sudden you see this, this may be something that picks your mind and grabs your attention. So if I said something like the easiest way to run Facebook ads, the fastest way to scale Facebook ads, the cheapest way to acquire customers for your business. These are all things that kind of spike your attention if you've tried already going after those things with failed results.

Now, next one, finally, a coffee alternative that tastes like coffee. This is a very easy creative right here. Basically, what we did was we looked at competitors, and we saw that these competitors had a lot of negative reviews around, hey, you know, this doesn't really taste that good.

So what we did was is we called out the fact that, hey, we have a coffee alternative, just like the competitors, but ours tastes better. That is it. We realized that people who were trying to get off coffee, they wanted a coffee alternative that's had that same taste.

So we needed to showcase that we had the same taste. This is it. Like very simple.

We just showcase someone making coffee with our alternative. And then we showcased a girl sipping, smiling. It looks kind of authentic.

And that's it. And this crushed. So very easy one.

So you can just call out something with people already doing. So finally, a Facebook ad strategy that actually scales. Finally, a Facebook ad strategy that only takes 10 minutes a day.

Finally, a Facebook ad strategy that actually works for e-com businesses. Now, next one, this one's more kind of like an unaware ad. Here's why your health needs these superfoods.

So basically, we're calling out people who are kind of like, I just say like health in general is kind of unaware. Like it's just a big win. Like I'm healthier, but it's not really specific to anything like, you know, like, oh, I'm trying to like decrease my cortisol or improve my brain receptors or something like that.

Like just kind of broad health. And then we're just simply saying like, here's why your health needs these superfoods. We're introducing this new idea of superfoods they need to have.

And then from there, once we call out, here's why your health needs these superfoods. So now that's like, all right, I want to improve my health. I need these superfoods.

And then it's, well, shoot, how do I get that in? And then that's where we go into our product here that gets all of those things. So we first got to sell them on improving their health.

Then we have to sell them on taking these superfoods. And then lastly, when you sell them, you can get all these superfoods in one convenient ingredient. Now, lastly, this one right here is a really great example of us having to make a product more important.

So what do I mean by that? If you're selling a product that just simply no one knows about, no one cares about, which for example, this product right here was attic insulation, literally insulation, you put in your attic in your house. So when we went and said, hey, you need more insulation in your attic, here you go.

We were getting nothing. So what we had to do is we had to make this product more important. So we had to find something that people really gave a fuck about and tie how our product helps them with that.

And we have to lead with what they want and then show them what they need. So that's what you have to focus on. So take your product, take the benefit of your product and then take the benefit of the benefit.

And that's what you simply do here. So we led with power bills, how much power bills could be lowered. Then once they got into a call with this, we introduced attic insulation, all of those good things.

And it helped out with lowering cost per result and being able to scale this account. So thank you all so much for watching. Hope you all enjoyed this video.

Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you are doing at least $100,000 a month and you want me to help you scale your business to multiple seven figures a month, click link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads. We've helped four brands now and we'd love to help you become the next one.

And if you want one-on-one mentoring with me, click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.