Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot.

Today I have an exciting video for you guys. Today I'll be going over my Triplewell first impressions. I'm not really going to say it's a review video yet.

It's just more of my first impressions of Triplewell. I've been using it now for about 45 days and I've spent over $500,000 testing Triplewell specifically as an attribution software for a variety of our clients. And I just want to give you guys my first impressions of this.

So that being said, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video. Okay.

So again, Triplewell first impressions because again, I've only been using it for a month now. I really want to do a full review, detailed review once a little bit further down the line. And also too, I kind of messed up a little bit.

I actually uploaded this Triplewell video probably about a week ago. I'm not really sure when you guys be seeing this and I actually have to turn it off right away because I didn't realize how much data was leaked about a particular client inside of it. And so after it went live for like an hour or two, so yeah, that's why I'm basically recreating this and I'm just going to go through a slideshow.

It's a little bit easier because there was a lot. It's hard to blur out in Triplewell when you're actually using the software. I'm just going to do a standard kind of slideshow, some screenshots I've already kind of cut up to where you can't see sensitive data in that sense right there.

So that being said, first impressions, we start using it mid-April, May. We completely used it as an attribution tool for our e-commerce clients that are using Shopify. Spent over $500,000 testing it in May.

That's divided across eight different accounts. Some spending 100K plus per month and some spending 10K per month. So there's definitely a variety of different clients in there.

Wasn't all big clients, wasn't all small clients. It's a good mix of big spin and low spin. And again, this is not an ad.

This is not a paid video. Triplewell has no affiliation with me or anything like that. This is just a raw video of my first impressions of Triplewell.

So again, this is to show you right here. I spent about $521,000 in the month of May. And Triplewell offers this really cool tool to where if you're an agency like us, we work with a lot of different clients.

We can actually take all those accounts and see it from a pod perspective. So we can have one page with all your accounts on it. And also it shows Blendit, which is all of them together.

And so far for maybe about $521,000, $1.4 million in revenue, 2.78 ROAS, 36% MER, about 367 net profits. So just to show you that from that perspective as well, just showing you what Triplewell is showing for all of our accounts put together. Yeah.

And just to answer that question is what the heck is Triplewell? So first off, Triplewell is a data reporting tool for Shopify stores. And it also has attribution capabilities that allow you to get a better picture on iOS 14, underreporting or overreporting.

So basically, all the people out there who are having issues with Facebook having bad reporting, this is the tool for you. That's why we came to it purely for the attribution capabilities where like Facebook was showing a 5X ROAS on an ad and it was actually getting a 1X. And then Facebook was showing a 0.3X on an ad and Triplewell was showing like a 5X.

So basically, I just needed a new source of truth to be able to make decisions in the ad account. And I was using Wicked Reports. Didn't try HiROs at all yet, but Triplewell is the next best thing due to its pricing point of what it came in at at $300 per month.

So if you go look at Triplewell, you'll see that they have multiple different plans. It's basically just two plans. There's a $100 one and a $300 one for people to win less than a million a year.

And so for $300, you can get the reporting and you can all get the attribution. You must get the attribution to use the attribution. As easy as I can say it.

A lot of people messaged me saying, Hey Nick, do I do $100 or $300? Let's get $100 of those reporting too. I'm like, no, you can't do the $100 one because it's not include the attribution or Triplewell pixel, which gives you that attribution that you would like to see post iOS 14.5.

So you have to get Triplewell plus attribution, $100 some off. I mean, it's basically just a glorified piece of reporting software. That's it.

Attribution allows you to actually see the people that converted post 14.5 and get that more realistic data perspective on your business. So when it comes on the Facebook outside, so yeah. And obviously there's different ranges based off how much you're making one to $5 million a year, five to 10 million, 10 to 15, 15 to 20, 20 million plus, it should be different, you know, pricing points.

So again, you're going to need Triplewell plus attribution in this perspective right here to be able to get that Triplewell pixel, which we're going to get to in a little bit. So first things first, all of your data in one place, which is a beautiful thing. So right when you open up Triplewell, this is kind of like the summary page, the main page that everyone's on.

And on this summary page right here, you can see, obviously you can do like your time range. I'm just the one made right here as a whole. You can see how much was spent on ads.

These are like, these are a pin thing. So like it's different metrics you want to pin up. You can, this is overall Triplewell stature here, how much profit the business did.

The cool thing about this is that it, when it pulls that profit metric is it takes the total expenses from ads, total expenses from shipping, total expenses from Shopify processing fees, total expenses from refunds, total expenses from COGS, your cost of goods. So like it gives you the most accurate net profit, not, not, Oh, okay. That's the profit before, you know, you take out COGS or before you take out shipping.

That's like, everything's taken out as much as possible. The only thing that's not included in here is like your payroll for your staff and your overhead when it comes to like warehouse space and things like that. So that's the only thing that it is missing in that perspective right there, but there's a way to add it.

Just again, just to show you what that number is that how that net profits calculated. You see, you know, you see your ROAS and that's, that's your overall ROAS 2.71. And it comes down to like, and you can see total about spent on ads right here.

You know, like you see all this stuff right here, just right on top. Boom. So that's, it's a really cool thing.

And obviously as you scroll down here, you can start to see, um, like this whole page scrolls down and you can start to see stuff like Shopify reporting, Shopify reporting really cool. So you can see, you know, on a day-to-day basis, monthly, yearly, whatever time range you select in that perspective, uh, we did $90,000 in sales basically for this brand, uh, in May. And you know, you can see, all right, cool.

90 grand spent 32,000, 2.75 ROAS. You see all that good stuff. You can see how much wasn't refunds, taxes, average order value, your CPA, your cost per acquisition, how much you spent to acquire X amount of, you know, new customers, not perspective right there or customers in general, um, new customers, the percentage of revenue from new customers and percentage of revenue from old customers, which is really cool to see as well.

And new customer revenue, returning customer revenue, like all this is just some really cool metrics right there that immediately just boom, pops up for you. Then as you scroll further down, you'll see individual channel reporting in that sense right there. Uh, so we have Facebook ads right here.

We have Google ads. So we have those different channels, not perspective right there that are also being displayed. So it's really cool.

Just have all that in one place. You click that summary tab, you scroll down, you get all the information you need basically for your business and that's right there at one point. And again, it's dictated by whatever time range you select up here.

You can go back two or three years ago. If your business isn't that long and because it pulls data from all, all time, it doesn't just pull data from the day it starts. The only thing that pulls data from the day it starts is the pixel, but triple well will go back even though triple is only installed for a certain period of time in your business.

So now triple well pixel, this is something that is why we got triple well. And that's because we wanted another tool to look at Facebook ads from an outside perspective in terms of reporting. Okay.

So we know Facebook ads is about 40 to 60% inaccurate. Could we leverage another tool to improve that accuracy and efficiency? And look guys, we went like six to eight months without any other tool.

We were just running, uh, looking at me on a daily basis and just basically using Facebook ads that, so there's nothing wrong with that. We did that, but now as an agency spending over a million dollars a month on Facebook ads, we want it to be a little bit more efficient. That's it.

So you can still be very successful at Facebook ads without this is just tool helps. This is like literally for bodybuilding going natural your whole life and then throwing in steroids. This helps with steroids.

So it is basically just the easiest knowledge I can make. Okay. So you can see right here, uh, inside the triple well pixel, you can select like all ads, different things like this.

And what you can do from here is you can see, okay, cool. Like it literally looks just like your ad account plugs into your ad accounts. Uh, you know, there's a little API access plugs into your, uh, your ad accounts.

And it literally shows you all of your active campaigns are all the campaigns that spent money during the time period you selected. And inside of here, you can see, uh, the different channels. You can like drop this tab down and you can see different channels like Facebook, Tik TOK, Snapchat, all that plugs in as well.

And what's cool about this is you can see, okay, cool. This is the reported Facebook ad row ass that's inside the ad account. And this is the row ass that triple well pixel is reporting.

So this is your more realistic data right here. And this is your more inconsistent data. This is like 95% correct.

This is like 40, 60% correct. So it's really cool that they allow this to where you can compare the two. This particular account actually doesn't have as dramatic of a difference between the two, where I do have some accounts that have a dramatic difference where there's higher reporting on triple well and lower reporting on Facebook.

And some accounts with a higher reporting on Facebook and lower reporting on triple well, it just depends on the accounts. And I've so far, every account has been different for me. So this is an account right here that has a pretty accurate one-to-one and that's it right there.

And you can see further down, if I click on a campaign, it'll show the ad sets and it'll show the ads inside there, just like you would be seeing inside of a Facebook ad account. Very cool. It's like really replicated just like that.

So, I mean, obviously the only thing you can't see is like, you know, unique outbound, like your frequency, all that stuff like that, but showing you exactly what you needed to see. And that is spin and row ass. It's literally the only thing that we care about how much we're spending and are we getting a positive ROI?

That's a big thing right there for us. Okay. So, uh, yeah, so that's basically kind of like just a demonstration of pixel and stuff.

And it's a very easy thing to set up as well for people who are like questioning like, Oh, how do you set this up? Nick, uh, once you actually like set up triple well or get triple well, uh, you literally just like log into your Facebook account through trip. Well, that's going to enable the API access.

And then every time you create a new ad, you're just going to copy in these little UTM codes, uh, from triple well. And this is literally the same for every account. So it's not like I'm showing you guys some secret code that it's like, Oh my God, you can't believe you shared that Nick.

And basically every time you create an ad, you'll see like, this is, it looks like, this is like the bottom half of an ad right here in the creation tab. And you can see these URL parameters that are optional and you simply just paste those in. And that's the easiest way to, you know, set triple well.

So that's the only downside of a triple well. Something I really like about wicker reports is that these URL parameters were auto pasted every time you created a new ad, whereas triple well, you have to manually paste that. So I'm really hoping in triple well in the future, you're going to have that, um, capabilities in there to automatically applies those URL parameters to any new ads.

So, and yeah, uh, this is basically just a little thing I've tweeted the other day where it had showed like Facebook showed a 0.79 robust on a particular ad, uh, triple well shown up 5.35 and, um, that's a case study coming up very soon, where I still live from a hundred dollars a day to $5,000 per day in ad spend. So it was pretty cool too, as well to show that. So, oh yeah.

And this is just show you another account, Facebook reporting, 1.10 ROAS, a triple reporting 2.25. Now I know I get a lot of people in there, well, Nick, who do you believe you really Facebook? Do you believe triple well?

I just don't know what to do. Look, honestly, I'm going to approve. Um, I'm gonna look at triple well.

Triple well for me is my single source of truth where I'm gonna make all my decisions from. I personally prefer triple well. Uh, and that's just because I've used three different attribution tools, uh, high rows, wicked reports and triple well, all are going to have the same level of, of attribution capabilities in terms of how they attribute cells and everything.

So like none of those are different in terms of the attribution level, because it's all based around IP tracking and things like that. The only differences between those three is the interface. And I personally prefer wicked report network reports, triple well because triple well has a better interface than liquid reports and high rows from my experience.

Okay. So that's one thing. Second thing is I do report.

I'm, I will believe in attribution software over Facebook because Facebook is pretty much has been like cut big time with the amount of data they can have. And triple well has a lot more data points than Facebook at this perspective now of what they can track after someone clicks on the website. So that's a big thing right there.

So, um, yeah. And I wanted to show you guys just some more examples here. So another account right here.

So this is, this is an account. This is another account showing you right here. So like 1.76 ROAS.

Let's see, what's this one. Oh wait, that's the same day reporting. Okay.

So here's another one right here, you know, 2.75 ROAS, 2.81, no big deal. 1.51 ROAS, 2.7 ROAS, 1.86 ROAS, 2.14, 1.76 ROAS, 2.7. So, uh, that's pretty interesting right there to see as well.

And you can see different, like I would probably kill this ad set right here. So tie an ad set. And if it wasn't for, you know, the triple well, triple well showing me that's actually providing good value in that sense right there.

Um, and also a really good feature about trip well is that they have same day reporting. So this is a problem I was running a lot into with wicked reports when I was using wicked reports was that you could only like get to wait a full 24 hours before you had access to that data. So it was always like a one day delay and triple well literally reports immediately on that sale, like actually we did that sale, which is really cool.

So you can see right here, I'm going to send account right now and you can look at today. You can see right here is W and L one did a 1.83 ROAS 1.76, but like W and L two Facebook's reporting a 2.21 or triple is reporting on 1.03. So, you know, if we had scale this ad set up and actually look unprofitable in that perspective right there.

So, um, and they also have Google analytics reporting. Um, and I've been thinking that some accounts, some people have it set up properly. Some people don't.

I personally has been marketer for a few years now. Google analytics has been so far down my list of, of software I use. So I guess I'm just a horrible marketer in that sense right there, but I never use Google analytics.

I literally set it up three times for a local business to own and that's it. So I never use it. So I do want to cover a few things triple pixel though, because there was some misconceptions around this, especially when a lot of attribution software came out was that these attribution softwares pumps Facebook with data to improve the algorithm.

And that's quite false. These softwares do not send any data back to Facebook. It simply just reports on it and that's it.

Okay. So you can't go retarget these people. You can't go create custom audiences based off these people.

You can't pump the algorithm and make it optimized better. You can simply just make more educated decisions inside the ad account using this third party reporting. So, and also too, it does not replace the existing piss pixel.

You're still going to use the same pixel and everything like that on Facebook. You're just simply have another branch of software now to be able to go ahead and look at that. Now, another cool thing about it is yes, you can, you can look at multiple different channels.

So you can basically go ahead and select like Facebook, Google, TikTok, Snapchat, Pinterest, which is really cool to be able to flick through all of them. And it basically looks exactly like this. When you flick through any of those channels, I just did not put any screenshots of it.

So yeah. And basically there's a lot of other features in wicket reports. I mean, triple well, but I haven't really used them.

I'm completely honest with you guys. We've helped a lot of our clients get it. And like, we've been so deep on just the ad side, or it's like right here to actually see the attribution side.

And we have clients that are like, Hey, Nick, give me a full rundown of it. I want to see it. It's very interesting.

I'm like, look, quite frankly, I can't because there's nothing in here that is from an acquisition standpoint. Let me put it in that perspective right there from an acquisition standpoint, like my team, we're, you know, a lethal team that goes out there and helps businesses grow their business by acquiring a ton of customers as profitable as we can. We're only focused on the attribution side.

Yes. We do a little bit of looking at like the LTVs and the sell cycles and a product journey, bundling AOV, like all this other stuff right here. But those are more for like the AOV team and the LTV team.

And that's where, you know, we don't really dive deep into because we're focused more on the acquisition side of a business, helping business acquire a lot more customer-centered business, whereas like our retention and our LTV and our AOV teams, they're going to be one more focused in that. But there is some really awesome features inside of TripWell that I do believe that a lot of people take value from. So for example, the, you know, like the LTV and stuff like that, you can see your lifetime value of your customers.

So that means you might be able to spend a little bit more on the acquisition team as in, hey, we need 30 bucks to acquire customer. Let's spend $40. We're going to be unprofitable for the first sell, but we know in the second sell, we're going to make our profits.

We can spend a little bit more to make more. Bundling is really cool because it shows common products that are purchased together. So when you're trying to improve AOV, you can simply look at what people are bundling together.

I guess the easiest thing ever, Hey, people are already buying these things together. Just make it one product and then to increase our AOV. So like, that's something really cool to look at too, as well.

Also to just product journey is pretty cool. So as you can see, like how people are going to your website and how they're navigating around your website in terms of by product, they start on product, a, they go to product F, then they go to product C and ultimately in the buying product B. So like, it's cool to see that too, it's a perspective right there.

So would I recommend, would you, you know, should you check out trip? Well, and I personally love it. I think everyone should be on it.

Uh, if you're on Shopify and you're spending at least 50 bucks per day on ads, there's gonna be a point where it's like, I'm spending five bucks a day on ads. There's no reason you need trip. Well, like you can quite complete, like you're likely on just on Facebook.

You should probably only have one campaign in your whole account and you should be able to see if a sale comes in or not. You turn off your ad, go to the next one. And yeah, but when you start spending, like, you know, like I said, we have accounts now spending $15,000 a day on ads.

And when we're spending at that level, then it's like, we need that more of that attribution. We need all these other tools to help us improve our efficiency. So if you're spending at least $50 per day, this is like, if you're spending $50 per day, that's $1,500 a month you're spending on ads.

And without triple, you might do a two X with triple. You might do a three X. That'll take you from $3,000 to $4,500 per month.

And that price justification of 300 bucks a month can easily be justified in that sense right there. So yes, do recommend it. Also too, if you're running multiple channels, this helps a lot with channel clarity of which one's actually getting the sales for you.

And then another one is like, um, you know, if you feel like Facebook reporting is not accurate, obviously a lot of people watching this will, and then also to, you want to an attribution tool dedicated to just Shopify. I, that is the last, this is horrible. Uh, but yeah, so I would highly recommend triple.

Well, I would highly recommend you guys checking it out. And again, this is not a paid video. It's not sponsored.

I'm not getting anything for this. I'm simply just after someone who spent over $500,000 testing this and over multiple different accounts, it's helped us a lot with more confidence and clarity when we're scaling our accounts and finding winning ads. So I definitely recommend it and you know, take what you want from there, check it out, try it, love it.

Cool. Go for it. And, um, yeah, so, and obviously no shade at all or anything like that to trip or wicked reports or high rows or anything like that.

Um, me personally, I prefer trip. Well, it has a lot more better benefits than those two companies. And, um, but again, those are also really great companies.

They all use the same level of attribution, just different interfaces and different kind of like unique selling points in that perspective. So yeah, thank you guys so much for watching today's video. I really appreciate the support on the channel.

If you are new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you liked this video, hit the like button and drop a comment below if your favorite part of the video. And if you are a business owner doing at least $50,000 per month in revenue, make sure you click the link below to book call with me, my team.

Uh, we work with all kinds of businesses between Legion app installs, uh, to e-commerce, which is more of our specialty in the e-com side, click the link below book call. If me and my team will hop on a call together, we'll do strategy session together. And basically from there, uh, you can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

So make sure you click the link below to book that call, uh, with my team completely for free, no obligations or anything like that. Now, if you're doing less than $50,000 per month, and you're looking to expand and grow your business, keep watching the channel as these videos are designed to make you more money, level up, you level you up as a marketer. When it comes down to the Facebook ad side, the marketing side, um, and learning those marketing fundamentals to help you grow your business and everything like that.

Uh, there will be a course soon. It's actually going to go through all of this and break it down to more of a bite-sized piece where it's step-by-step that you can leverage inside of your business. Uh, there won't be too further down the line, uh, but we'll keep you guys updated around that.

Thank you guys again for watching today's video. Again, my name is Nick Theriault. Hope you guys have your rest of your day.

Peace out. Talk to you guys next time.