What I wish I knew before running Facebook ads. I've been running Facebook ads now since 2015 when I started my first business ever, which was a car detailing business. At the time, I didn't really know anything about the Facebook ads.

And since 2015 to now, I've done close to $100 million in online sales with Facebook ads, specifically for clients of my digital agency. So I want to kind of dive into what I wish I knew before I started running Facebook ads. And at the time, I literally made every single mistake in the book.

And from 2015 to about probably 2020, I didn't even really have a good grasp on Facebook ads until about 2020, where I really took a lot of time and effort to mastering Facebook ads. And then that's how now we can do months where we've scaled clothing brands to $1.5 million a month. Other brands that we scaled from $5,000 a day to $30,000 a day.

How we predictably spend over close to $450,000 a month for a lead generation client of ours. That's how we do all these cool things now based off what I've learned over the couple of years. And kind of going back to the point of this video and to start with my career and everything.

First thing I wish I knew before I started running Facebook ads was the ad account structure itself. Now, for the ad account structure side of Facebook, that was probably the thing that we kept at a high level when it came down to you first started running Facebook ads. You took a look at, you know, maybe Gabriel St.

Germain. That was probably one of the first people I started following in this space. Sam Ovens, the way he would run Facebook ads from his course consulting.

I've learned a lot from these people. Even Jeremy Haynes as well, who's still my present day mentor to this day. I learned a lot of different tactics of the ways they're running the Facebook ads.

And I always prioritize the way they were structuring their accounts over what we're putting in the accounts. And it's actually funny because the way we structure the Facebook ad account, the people on the other end of that Facebook ad does not see the way we structure that ad account. So for them, it's like, what do they see?

And what they see is the ad we create. And we put a higher priority over ad account structure over that creative. In reality, it needs to be like this.

Ad account creative, ad account structure. Ad account structure needs to be lower than the creative. All right.

Now, they both play super impactful parts, but a lot of beginner advertisers, they do not put enough emphasis on the creative itself. They put all the emphasis on the ad account structure. And for me, specifically for our e-com clients, I remember back in the day, I would do like one campaign per part of the funnel.

So top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom of funnel. I used to do audience testing. I used to do creative testing campaign.

I used to have a scaling campaign. I also used to do, you know, like duplicating a campaign a couple different times to see which one performs the best. I used to leverage interest.

I used to, you know, do bid caps, cost caps. I used to do scaling where we take a campaign and like 10x the budget compared to like the testing ad sets. I used to like, you know, duplicate a creative like four or five times for like pocket theory, which used to be a big thing, which is completely false, by the way.

So I used to do all of these things. And all of these things allowed me to realize what works and what doesn't work. And that's why I like our ad account structure now.

It's nothing sexy. There's nothing sexy at all about our ad account structure. It's very, very simple, to be honest.

Our ad account structure as of now is literally just one campaign per business objective. So like maybe like for one group of products and then like another for another group of products inside of the account. And then one campaign per country.

So also like one campaign per country. And if we're targeting another country, then like another campaign for that country. And that's it.

And we're running CBO campaign. And then we're running broad targeting. So we're letting, you know, Facebook do the targeting specifically in terms of what we put in the account.

So the ads create the targeting. It's also another thing I wish I knew before. The ads do the targeting.

So depending on what type of ad you put in the account is the type of people you will attract with that ad and that campaign specifically. So our ad account structure is super simple because now we put all of the emphasis on the ads. So if an ad account is not working, we don't sit down and look and be like, yo, there's an ad account issue.

We need to go restructure the ad accounts. Back in 2020, September of 2020 specifically, we had one of our clients start to not perform as well. And it's funny because the reason why they weren't performing was because they had low stock in their clothing brand of their best sellers.

And their best sellers were driving all the performance and our performance dips because they had low stock in the best sellers to where a lot of, you know, popular sizes weren't in stock. That was the problem. So what I did was I went and I restructured the ad account.

I paid someone $1,500 for one hour consulting call to essentially tell me, hey, you need to go restructure your ad account. I went and restructured the ad account and performance was 10 times worse and it did not solve the problem at all because the problem was stock, not an ad account issue. But I didn't know what I didn't know at the time.

And I paid someone that I thought knew what they were doing and they did not get to the root of the issue. So this is something that's super important here is that the ad account structure, it does have an impact on performance, but it needs to be kept simple. The simpler the ad account, the better it's going to perform.

That's what I, from what I've done and from my almost 10 years of experience now, this is what I've learned. The biggest thing from the Facebook ad perspective. And I wish I knew this beginning because I wasted five years just trying to figure out what's the best ad account structure.

Next thing is ads due to targeting. So like I mentioned earlier, the actual ad account itself, like the structure itself, people do not see that on Facebook. They see the ad you put together, the copy, the creative, and the headline.

Now out of that copy, creative, and headline, the creative is responsible for 80% of the impact. And then the copy is responsible for 20% of the impact. And I'll explain why in a second.

So we used to build ads and we just kept running the same ads over and over and over and just kept changing the same ad account structure. Hopefully we can hack Facebook, but that never came true because the ads did all the targeting. And the ads are the ones, the things that were responsible for results.

Why? Because it's what people see. So we can get an ad that more people click on and the right type of audience and actually sell our product effectively.

Then the more sales will make because the ad is what people click on. That's the front facing thing. And the problem with a lot of you guys is that you'll have a back-end account structure.

You're prioritizing that because you're thinking that's what people see. No, they do not. They see the ad.

So we need to prioritize what people see. We need to prioritize the user experience. If we prioritize the user experience on Facebook, the better results we're going to get.

Now, again, I wasted way too long to focus on this. I didn't start focusing on this until 2021, to be honest. Seven years, I wasted just blowing up random things.

And I never really figured out what was creating the one action that's creating 80% of our results. And now it's the Facebook ad creatives and the copy and the headline. And more specifically, it's the creative.

The creative is responsible for 80% of the results. If you look at the copy, the headline, and the creative, the creative is going to be responsible for 80% of the results. And then the other 20% of the results are going to be responsible for the copy and the headline on that particular Facebook ad.

So we need to prioritize the creative production more over the copy and everything. Don't get me wrong. They both still may be good, but the creative production is a higher leverage factor of impacting performance in the account.

So we really need to prioritize that creative side of that Facebook ad. Now, the next thing we need to look at is, all right, cool. So that also means if we keep repurposing the same creative over and over and over and doing iterations, we're also going to have a negative impact as well.

I want you guys to imagine really quick, especially y'all who've been watching this YouTube channel for quite a long period of time. Imagine I've uploaded the same video every week, three times a week, like my normal schedule. I uploaded the same video every week, but with a different thumbnail and a different title.

This channel would lose retention really fast. I would get clicks, but I would get almost no people. Like the average view duration would be so small because people are going to realize, oh wait, it's the same video uploaded two days ago.

So due to that, performance of this YouTube account would keel really quick. Why? Because you keep uploading the same shit, Nick.

We want new. And that's why I produce new videos. Some videos, the same topic, but presented in different ways to help you educate you guys better.

And then some stuff, fresh new content you guys never seen before. And that's the same thing with the Facebook ad account. If we keep iterating on the same creative over and over and over, people are getting burned off of it because it's the same thing at the end of the day.

So you want to create fresh new content. 90% of the content that goes in your ad accounts on a monthly basis should be freshly shot content, whether it's by professional photographer, professional videographer, UGC content, shot yourself, solid graphics, animated videos. Like all of these things work.

It's all fresh new content that's not consistently repurposed. Now, the next highest leverage action you can take that I wish I knew before running Facebook ads is different positionings of your product. You want to find different ways you can position your product in a marketplace and specifically try to find the hungry market.

The market that isn't really being satisfied. For us, we were able to scale a brand from 5k a day to $30,000 a day because we found a market and that's girls night. And we found a product that we can position.

No, wait, hold on. Let me rephrase that. We didn't find a product.

We already had a product on 5k a day, but we found a new positioning of it and we position it to girls night. Girls night and girls who are looking for a fun activity to do in girls night. It's a starving market.

Didn't really have any competitors in it. We're able to position our product in that place with half-ass creative and half-ass copy. And it blew up the account because we found a starving market and we introduced a product to them that they actually loved and made sense to them specifically.

So find starving markets, create fresh content, focus all your time and attention on the ads specifically, and don't waste your time on ad account structures. These are things that I wish I knew before running Facebook ads that would have drastically improved my performance earlier on. And then the last thing, you know, I think I owe it to myself to be able to toss this in now is find a mentor.

That's also something really big too. You know, this is why I created the inner circle specifically. Link below in the comments to check this out.

Just have Nick Teorio mentor you. Where I actually educate my students on, you know, how to become a better marketer, how to improve their current ads. So take the link below, check it out.

And then you can watch a video on like a little sales page, short like five, 10 minute sales video. Just showed you guys everything you get in there. I'm going to have 50 students that are absolutely crushing it and highly recommend checking out.

So, but yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. I know it was a little bit different type of video. Just kind of like, Hey, let's chat for a little bit.

But hopefully this was impactful for you. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and Friday and peace out. Have a good one.