Today we'll be talking about the least sexy side of Facebook advertising, which is Facebook ad policies you should know so you don't get banned. That being said, let's dive right into it. So first off, let's just kind of dive into why do these Facebook ad policies that keep getting you banned, why does it exist?

First off, now I don't know the exact answer, but I'm just gonna kind of give you my perspective on why these things exist. Number one, a lot of your ads you're creating that's getting you banned. They just simply look scammy.

They're exaggerated claims that people look at and just know that's completely unrealistic. It's literally going ahead and using like other people's authority. Like how many people have used the Gary Brekka like video ads to help sell like their hydrogen water bottle or their grounding blanket, for example.

Let me know for a fact Gary Brekka hasn't worked with you. So just some of these policies are there just to simply help the platform look less scammy. Because if it looks really scammy, it's going to push away the general consumer that's sitting down and scrolling Facebook at night with a glass of wine after they get off their, you know, nine to five in that sense.

And we need to make sure we keep people on Facebook. That's what Facebook's goal is. And if they have a ton of scammy ads on this platform, like they're just not going to want to do it.

Go to any website like CNN.com or Fox News.com, even like ABC World News.com and just kind of click on some of the news articles and start scrolling far down. You'll see a ton of what's called native advertising. And you'll quickly understand why Facebook doesn't want some of those ads on Facebook itself.

Next thing is lawsuits. And we'll cover a little bit around like FTC compliance and stuff like that. But long story short, there's some level of compliance you need to have as an advertiser.

So lawyers and the FTC doesn't come sue you for literally everything you have and financially fuck you the rest of your life. A lot of these Facebook ad policies are just simply FTC policies as well. That's simply protecting the consumer from getting fucked by businesses who don't care about the consumer.

And also it protects you because if you're running ethical ads, the likelihood of you getting sued is going to be a lot less right there. So that's also another big one right there of why. Now, I just simply like to refer people to the meta policies link and I'll drop this below for y'all.

And just because there's so many different what I would say policies and like, you know, there's so many different people running Facebook ads that's like in various different niches. Like I could have a four hour long video of like each particular niche. And I'd just rather send people here to the transparency center because this kind of gives you more of like everything that Facebook is specifically looking for.

So you'll notice like unacceptable content. You'll have fraud, scam, susceptible practices, restricted goods and services. Let's see further down objectionable content.

Like, you know, and some of this is just like normal, right? Like we know for a fact, we shouldn't put a nude person in an ad right there or anything that's kind of sexual in the sense of like, you know, woman and a man right there in the ad, you know, it's kind of common sense now not to put profanity in ad right there. Bullying and harassment, right?

Like we know some of this stuff, just kind of like what I would say is just, just normal. You should understand this unless like, you know, you're just simply not social aware. You're locked in a room all day and just don't really know the social reality of what people accept as good and bad right there.

But I would recommend going through this and two things. Number one, just figuring out where one, what are you getting banned for? Like if you're getting banned for discriminatory practices, for example, understanding the rules and stuff like that is going to help you understand what you need to tweak about your ads right there.

You know, if you're getting hit for child sexual exploration or abuse and good Lord, this, this is terrible just reading this, but like, obviously you should know right then and there, like what you should be, you know, what I would say, like fixing and stuff like that in your stuff. But yeah, so just whatever you're getting banned for, click on one of these and you can kind of go through and like read more right here. You know, for example, right here, this one's fraud, scams, and deceptive practices.

Ads cannot promote payday loans, which are short-term loans are typically due on borrows next day. Paycheck advances, short-term loans are advanced on a future paycheck. Bell bonds, short-term loans of 90 days, misleading content related to student loan consolidation.

So this one right here, promote claims, including from health and wealth to short-term loans to cure heal or eliminate any of the following diseases. So we cannot, you know, cure claim. We can cure or eliminate diabetes.

Now we can say it helps relieve some of the symptoms from diabetes. We can say it helps relieve some of the symptoms of herpes, but we cannot say it eliminates or heals. And I think that's also where you need to understand how to say things without saying it.

And then also to like, if you would promote ads that says this product cures diabetes, people are just going to immediately think you're a scammer. Whereas if you say, Hey, this product helps relieve some of the symptoms from diabetes, what's going to happen right there. People are actually going to take that seriously right there.

Cause it's like, yeah, I have symptoms of diabetes. I just want some relief. I want a little bit of comfort.

This product helps you get comfortable if you have like diabetes and stuff like that. So like, that's a good thing to look at right there. But yeah, so it's good to kind of go through all these skin.

It's a very long video. If I did this yourself, uh, myself, so I'm just gonna drop that below and you guys can go through this and literally just go through everything. You know, some of these things are, like I said, pretty like very straightforward others.

I don't know. I feel like they just, they need a little bit more. That's a good place for you guys to start off with.

Now I want to kind of just give you guys more what I see. And I say what I see in the sense of just the most common things, I consistently see just people getting banned for. First one is just realistic claims.

And this one right here is not only going to get you banned with Facebook, but it's also going to get you fined by the FTC. So let's just look at a good one and a bad one. So I took this for 30 days and lost 30 pounds.

Not good. I lost so much weight after 30 days of taking this. So notice here that this one right here is claiming that if you take this product, you'll lose 30 pounds in 30 days.

Now, if you put this in an ad right here, yes, you didn't say it, but you're promoting a testimonial that wasn't the average experience. In this sense right here, the average customer from you all has to have lost 30 pounds in 30 days. If you have one person lose 30 pounds in 30 days, and then you have a thousand people lose a pound in 30 days, it wasn't the average experience.

And this is not just going to get you banned on Facebook. This is also going to get you fined by the FTC for literally every single thing you have. So I know Facebook is not going to care about whether it was a realistic experience for your customers.

What they're going to see is specific a weight amount in a specific time period. If you're going to do something like weight loss or money, you can have one or the other. So you can say 30 days and lost weight, or you can say I lost 30 pounds with this product.

I didn't specify a time period though. That's one thing I've noticed too with some of these claims. So like, for example, I lost so much weight after 30 days of taking this.

That's perfectly fine because this is not a measurable number. It's when you give a measurable number, that's when it throws people off right there. Now next one, buy this course and you'll make $10,000 a month.

Facebook hates that. Facebook also hates the word passive income. That's going to be our financial freedom.

That's going to get you banned as well. Now, the real one is this course will teach you how to sell AI infrastructure and charge clients anywhere between $5,000 to $10,000 a month to set up for them. Notice how we're saying, hey, just going to teach you this thing.

And it's going to show you how you can charge clients $5,000 to $10,000 a month to set up for them. I'm not saying you'll make $10,000 a month if you buy this program. What I'm saying is, is, hey, this course will show you how you can charge clients $5,000 to $10,000 a month.

I'm implying the simple fact that they can make $10,000 a month if they buy this program, but I'm not guaranteeing that. And I'm not saying you will make $5,000 to $10,000 a month. I'm saying I'm going to teach it to you.

Now, next one is before and afters. And this is also another big one right here. First of all, first, you can do before and after images.

What I find for before and after images that are not allowed are going to be before and after images that involve sensitive body parts. When I say sensitive, I mean like a closeup of someone's stomach, closeup of someone's face, closeup of someone's teeth, and closeup of hair. Hair, teeth, stomach, and face, like skin complexion and stuff like that.

Those are going to be like the four no-nos. And also to like bank accounts. That's also another big one.

No, no. Like don't, don't do a before and after bank account. That's also going to get you banned as well.

We've done before and afters where we did a metaphor of the before and after. One of our most famous ads is the two donuts before and after the donut. The left is the before where it shows a donut that looks really bad.

And then the other one on the right is like a freshly glazed donut that looks perfect. And I said before and after long story short, it's a metaphor for what it's going to do for your butt. And the ad crushed.

It worked really well. Now that was a before and after. Yes, but we didn't show a sensitive part of the body.

We use the metaphor to communicate the thing based off what we were showing visually with the donuts right there. So that's another big one right there of what not to do for an afters. Now, if you are wanting to do something like this, where you want to show off a sensitive part of the body, what you can do is something like this.

Do a video instead. And then you can do scene one where it's like day one, day 30, how 2025 started, how 2025 is going. I'm not sure if y'all seen, I've seen ton of these trends on TikTok and stuff like this with these things.

So yeah, it's something else you can, you know, test out right there. Next thing is just don't even use before and after pictures. This is also another one right here.

I recently did the test on this account where we noticed like before and afters were not getting us like disabled in the sense of we were pushing before and after pictures and nothing was happening. And I did a test. I just wanted to see.

All right, cool. Hey, Facebook's letting us upload before and after pictures on this account. We're not getting banned right now.

So let's just do a test and see how significant the difference is with running before and after pictures or not. So we had this particular account right here or this particular creative right here with a real patient, like this is all legit right here. And then we also ran this ad right here where we just painted the desired picture.

What is the desired picture? What does someone want who has acne all over their face? They want clear, beautiful, glowing skin.

So in this example, we just showed someone with clear, beautiful, glowing skin. And we just simply called out the fact that, hey, you can make it going forever. Boom, boom, boom with these, this particular product right here.

Now, let's just show you real quick. This 120 right here with a $16 cost per lead. This one right here is this photo and the before and after right here, this 92 is a $85 cost per lead.

So we noticed a significant better cost per lead. And we noticed this on dozens of other accounts right there. We're just simply painting a desired picture just better anyway.

You don't need a before and after to communicate the result, just show the result, show what people want, and then call out the fact that, hey, we got that thing to give them that. And that's it. So hopefully this guy's helps y'all out.

Something else I would recommend for all of y'all to look up into is FTC compliance. I recently did a training, my inner circle students with Robert Froon, I think his last name is. He's a e-commerce and advertising lawyer.

And he just came in as a guest speaker for my inner circle students. We just did a weekly call with them. And there's so much other stuff to be covered as well around these types of things.

For example, like if you're running sales on your Shopify store and you're marking down where it's like, hey, tonight at midnight, the sale ends and you do not in that sale at midnight, there's lawyers coming out there now and suing e-com stores. That's number one. Number two, which, you know, like already should be known, but subscriptions are getting a huge hit right now.

Specifically those who are selling subscriptions on a Shopify store and not telling people they're subscribing to a subscribe and save or people that have a subscribe and save and make it extremely difficult for people to leave. Those e-com stores are getting sued right now. And then lastly, for the people that are marking down their product at an unrealistic value.

So like, let's say for example, you have your product at like a thousand dollars and then you marked it down to $50 and it shows that huge, like 95% off. Like if that's not, you know, if that thousand dollars hasn't been sold majority of year and you just marked it down, you're also getting stores are getting sued for that. The other thing is, is that there's been a lot more FTC cases now where e-com stores are getting sued, not by lawyers or like people by the FTC, which is the federal trade commission for the United States.

So if you sell in the United States, even if you live in a completely different country, you're exposing yourself to this liability where if you are basically fucking your customers, they're coming at you for literally everything you have. What do I mean by that? Let's say for example, you do a million dollars a year in revenue with your e-com store and you're making $200,000 a year in profit.

The FTC will come and sue you for the million dollars a year you make, not the 200K in profit. So now you have to go pay the FTC back two or $3 million for the last three years you've been in business because you've been using false advertising, manipulative practices to get people to close and sell. And now they're going to sue you for all that versus the two, 300K you made in profit.

And it's before the FTC used to go after like nine figure multi-billion dollar businesses. Then they started going after businesses doing $10 million a year. Now I'm seeing multiple businesses at a million dollars a year get hit.

They're building up their team and they're further going more into this internet niche. So I highly, highly recommend to spend more time also looking up FTC compliance. Long story short, this is going to go back to the realistic claims thing I was talking about earlier.

This is where I'm finding a lot of people are getting hit at. So for example, this is a Celsius right here. This has 200 milligrams of caffeine.

You know, it gives you all my energy and stuff like that. But if Celsius would start to say like, Hey, if you drink this, let's just say, because of me, you know, I bought a Lamborghini Urus. I've made a lot of money over the last couple of years and Celsius sees I'm a customer of Celsius.

And I say, Hey, Celsius allowed me to make all this money, buy a Lamborghini and live this amazing life. It's if Celsius would start to promote that as a testimonial and as like a video right there, that's not a realistic claim. 99% of customers drink Celsius will not experience that.

And what will happen there is the FTC will see that they'll get complaints from customers. Hey, I bought a Celsius and I didn't buy a Lamborghini and I didn't make a lot of money. And then the FTC will come suit you for everything you have.

I know, I know, I understand. Look it up. It's important to start becoming compliant now, because if you want to build a multi-million dollar business that does a hundred, you know, maybe 40 million, a hundred million dollars a year, and you're building in an uncompliant things at a low level, all that's going to do is create a larger magnitude of shit that you're gonna have to worry about down the line to where, Hey, yeah, I scaled my store from a hundred dollars a day to a hundred thousand dollars a day.

Now you're making $36 million a year, but you did it on, on false advertising and unrealistic things. And then now you're becoming target by the FTC and now you get fucked. So yes, it can make you less money by becoming compliant, but of how bad they fuck you financially, it just doesn't even make sense to push that.

And that's something right now I'm doing with my students to make sure everyone's compliant. And then also to making sure any new clients that come on into my agency, we're also vetting really well to make sure that not does not happen right there. That's also something else I would recommend you spend some time on studying and learning up.

I gave a good chat about it today and I can definitely do another video around this. If you guys want, thank you all so much watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name's Nick. Talk to you guys later.

Peace.