Black Friday is coming up and today I'm going to be giving you the strategic guide to follow for Black Friday to where you literally don't have to worry about a single thing and everything will be mapped out of exactly what you need to do to have a killer Black Friday this Q4. And if you stay till the end of the video, I'm going to be giving you the exact creatives and exact hooks that you need to create to maximize the number of conversions on Facebook and hit some significantly goals this Q4, which are ads and everything like that. So that being said, let's dive right into the video.

First off, just to show you guys a couple of the brands we've worked with in terms of Black Fridays, this strategy has helped this men's clothing brand right here do about $839,000 in seven days, about a 4.68 ROAS. And then here's another brand that's throughout the whole month of November 2022, we have them do $3 million at a 3.66 ROAS. And this was a kid's toy.

And I'll be showing you both the strategies that we've leveraged for both of these accounts because they're all very different too in terms of how we scale them. So let's start looking at Q4 planning real quick. And Q4 planning can be broken up into four key areas.

First one we're going to start off with is goal. And this is how much do you want to make in Q4? This is really important right here because if you want to make a million dollars, you need to make sure you have a million dollars worth of inventory.

You need to have enough money to be able to spend, you know, whatever amount you need to spend to be able to hit a million dollars. You need to be able to have all your releases, all of that inventory planned out. And that's a big key thing that should have already happened to be fair.

But, you know, if not, like you need to start like stepping this up ASAP. Now, once you understand the goal of what you want to hit, you can start mapping out your different offers. So this year, our Black Friday is going to be on the 29th of November, and it's going to run all the way to Monday, December 2nd, which is going to be Cyber Monday.

Now, years and years ago, before this real like big.com wave has happened, it used to be Black Friday being specifically just in store where you go to a store and, you know, you fight for people for TVs at a Walmart. But now, because pretty much everything is online, everything just starts on Black Friday because originally it would be Friday through, you know, Sunday, that period of time right there would be just in store. And then Monday would be specifically online.

But because no one would go shopping in store, everything just starts online on Friday the 29th. And pretty much every day it decreases in sales. So if you do like $100,000 on Friday the 29th, Black Friday, then you probably do a little less to Saturday, a little less to Sunday, and a little less Cyber Monday.

I run the same exact offering, same exact creatives, pretty much a whole period of time right there. I don't really relaunch anything specifically just for Cyber Monday because it's literally just one day. There's not enough time right there for anything crazy.

So, and then the next thing you have to look at is after the 29th or after the second Monday, the second on Friday, December 6th, right here, this is where I like to drop a new product. And I like to drop a new product because tons of people just purchased from us on Black Friday and they don't want another sale. They want something new and something fun, something exciting.

And that's why we just drop a new product. And what we do is we'll drop a new product a week after Black Friday, because from the third, fourth and fifth performance is going to be terrible. So something we do to pick up performance the following weekend is do a Christmas drop.

And we drop something either related to Christmas, depending on the brand or like winter outfits, things like that. We drop that on the six. Then on Monday, the ninth, which is going to be basically the Monday after that drop on the six, this is when we start our buy before Christmas sale.

So this is where you can pretty much run this all the way until your shipping cutoff. Shipping cutoff is like, Hey, if it takes me seven days to get something in the mail, then obviously I would want to stop my shipping roughly like the 17th right there. So you don't need to basically get a whole week to promote buy now and get before Christmas.

If it takes 30 days for people to buy and get before Christmas, then you shouldn't be promoting this at all. Don't be an unethical little shithead and fuck over your customers by promoting that. Hey, you're going to get it before Christmas and it doesn't because you're going to get an insanely high amount of refunds and you get your store shut down because you get a bunch of chargebacks.

So be ethical about this, you know, run this pretty much from the ninth till whatever date that you can actually go to, to actually ship it and still get in the mail before Christmas. And then next thing you want is your new year drop. This is a whole new product.

Again, people have been seeing sales. They've been seeing some of the same products being promoted over the last couple of weeks. The next thing you want to do is Wednesday, December 26th, the day after Christmas, they start promoting your new year drop and your new year drop is going to be just new clothing or new products going into Q1.

And I want drastically new things plus new creatives because we want people to just have that new vibe that new year's offers. Now, Nick, should I run BFCM early? Yes and no.

And we will talk about that in a second here, but you know, for the most part, it depends on how your brand is built. So if we go back over to this brand right here, we did a proper plans BFCM where we planned a day or two before Black Friday to do our VIP list building, a VIP drop, and it worked extremely well. This brand right here, we launched on November 1st.

Now, yes, this brand did do significantly better in terms of revenue, but they're completely two different things. This brand right here has a extremely high returning customer rate. This brand right here has no returning customers.

It's like 99% new customers every single day. So if your brand has significantly high new customers, then yeah, you can launch a Black Friday early. You don't need to do list building.

You don't need to do any of that. And you can just go straight for the launch, which we are doing for some of our clients. And if your brand has a high amount of returning customers, then it's better to go to the list building route because this one will do a ton of revenue very quickly at a much better performance because of all your returning customers that are coming in and buying from the brand.

So it depends. It depends on how your business is built. Now let's look at some good and bad offers because your offer you create really creates an impact too as well on the performance.

So first things first is stay away from complicated offers. This is going to be like your spend 50, get 10% off, spend 100, get free gift. Sort of like those multiple different things.

I cannot stand those. They always just don't do well. Discount codes stay far away from discount codes.

People forget the codes. People get distracted. People, you know, like type in the code for whatever reason, some reasons like doesn't quite work.

So discount codes stay away from that as well. Next thing is good offers. So what we've seen work extremely well for us is just the simple offers.

And it's like every year people want to be like crazy and like, Oh, I'm gonna like reinvent the wheel. And it's always the good offers that just completely destroy all of our other clients. Both of these two clients right here ran a simple offer of up to X percent off site wide.

They didn't do anything complicated. And that's a tough thing for some clients. When we talk to them about that, the complicated offers may appeal to your ego, but it doesn't appeal to the customers.

Now here's some other examples too, some cool stuff I've done in the past. This is more specifically for like my personal brands and stuff like that, where I launched a new offer. And all I did was basically, basically set it to where, Hey, the first 25 people get X at $500.

And it's going up. So basically like when I launched my inner circle program, I launched around black Friday of 2022. And what I did was, is I didn't want to give it a discount, but yet that $500 was kind of a discounted price.

So basically what I did was I promoted the fact that, Hey, only allowing 25 people in there can get at $500 and that offer will, that price will never be offered again. And I stood my ground. You know, we charge a thousand dollars a month now for the inner circle program.

And we do have a few students still locked in two years ago at this $500 price tag. This is something that I want to experiment with. I didn't personally do it though.

I may do it this year where any person who buys into the inner circle, I may do is send them a free copy of breakthrough advertising, which is roughly $180, $100. And that's just like a free gift, right? Free gift when they purchase the inner circle program.

And again, this could be like a free t-shirt when you purchase a pair of pants. This might be, Hey, I'm launching an exclusive new product and the first 25 people get it at a hundred dollars. And then after that is going up to $150 for everyone else.

So you can incentivize people to take action now with some of these things right here. Now let's go into inventory because this is also another big thing. I think probably like 70% of the people in my channel have an actual brand inventory, all that.

And I've about 30% of my people in my channel that have like dropshipping stores. So this is irrelevant to them. They can just keep shipping, shipping, shipping, and don't have to worry about anything.

But for those people who have brands, then you basically need to ask yourself this one question. Do you have enough inventory to hit the goal you want? You know, if you want to do a million dollars in revenue or a million dollars in profit, how much revenue would you have to do?

What would you have to do in terms of inventory to be able to hit that goal right there? I've had people come up to us and say, Hey, Nick, we want to do a million dollars to skew for. We look at their inventory and they only have like 200 grand in inventory.

It's like, well, you're going to get some more inventory shipped in or what? They're like, Oh, well, we'll just do pre-orders. I'm like, fuck you.

No, you're not because pre-orders the way you want to do it. People are going to get this shit. So January, you're going to have an insanely high amount of chargebacks and your business is going to get bankrupt.

True story. We've actually had a client before that did pre-orders for too long. And they probably processed maybe like $500,000 worth of inventory, like pre-orders.

And they just kept getting delayed and delayed, delayed on their shipping. And like, we were like 60 days past the original guaranteed delivery date of the pre-order. And a ton of people started doing chargebacks and literally they didn't have enough money to cover those chargebacks where all their operating accounts went to zero.

And they literally had to file for bankruptcy, crazy stuff. So, you know, it's very important here. If you're a brand owner, you actually have this inventory on hand and don't make promises that you do not know for a fact, especially in Q4.

Like if you don't actually have the inventory in hand and you know, it's getting in on a certain date, like there's a lot more, what I would say, you know, things that happen that create delays in Q4 than any other time of the year. So let's say our goal is $200,000 for BFCM. And we offer a 50% off.

That means $200,000 divided by 0.50 means we need about $400,000 in retail value, aka your inventory. Also want to keep in mind, like the percentage of sales that come from best sellers, sizes, colors, all of those good things. Because what we tend to find is that, you know, like from like the best seller perspective, is that what people will do is they're like, oh yeah, $400,000 in retail value.

And what'll happen is, is like maybe only $50,000 is their best sellers. And then Q4 comes around and they sell the best sellers really fast. And they have these other products they just cannot move and they get stuck.

So like, if you know, like 70% of your sales come from your best sellers, make sure like 70% of your retail value is your best sellers. So that way you can keep up that momentum during Q4. Now let's look at execution and actually start looking at some of the more tactical stuff when it comes on to the ad side and all that good stuff.

So we'll cover a few things, filling up your audience buckets, building hype, ad account structure, and ad creatives. So first thing to look at is filling out audience buckets. Right now you want to focus hard on new customer acquisition.

This is a brand from 2023. And you can see June, July, August, September, we were pushing up more new customers every single month. Why?

Why were we doing this? The whole objective with this was we were taking in new customers, not just customers, not just orders, new customers specifically. And you'll notice we're even paying more for these new customers is roughly about $61 in new customer customer acquisition versus like 53 in June.

And we're spending more to acquire more new customers because we know that this is going to be the backbone for this particular brand. Now let's keep in mind here. This brand is a high returning customer rate.

If you just operate on 100% new customers 24 seven, and you have no new products, no nothing to drop in Q4, then just don't worry about this part right here, because it's just going to cost you more money to make you money. Now, the other thing you want to look at is growing organic. And I know like me personally on my Instagram, I've been going hard on Instagram reels and building up more followers, comments, likes, and all that, because it's giving me more traffic I can funnel into my personal branded products.

So if you already do organic, go harder on it in Q4. If you do not do organic at all, do not worry about it at all, because it's going to be too much, like too short of a time for you to start understanding organic. If you've been doing organic, like I've been doing organic for a while now, then it makes sense for me just to put a little bit more effort and energy into it to make more money.

Whereas if you haven't done organic already, it makes no sense for you to start in Q4, because it's just going to take you a couple months anyway to get it going. So it's starting too late. So set as a to do for January 1st.

Now, next thing we want to do is build hype. So I like to look at, you know, music festivals for inspiration on this, for example, where a music festival literally has to spend all year pretty much promoting this festival to get people to literally dish out their last like $2,500, $3,000 they have in their bank account to show up to one of these events. It's also a funny thing.

It's like when people are like, Nick, my product is high ticket. I don't know if I can get sales from Facebook. I'm like, bro, there's people literally dishing out their last thousand dollars they have in their bank account to go get like high and drunk at these festivals for four days.

And you can't get someone to purchase your $100 product. It's not that it's a Facebook ads issue. It's the fact that it's, hey, I haven't have the skill set yet to be able to build value around my product to make people want to buy it.

And these music festivals do that all year. They consistently create urgency, fear of missing out, and like just this insane amount of value that people are going to get when they get here. And that's exactly what you want to do for Black Friday.

In general, you should already be doing it all your creatives. But we were able to do that for one of our clients. And we were able to do over $46,000 in one hour with doing about $100,000 in revenue that day because we built hype for Black Friday.

We look at Black Friday like our music festival event. We want to build hype up for a couple days. And one of the favorite ways I like to do it is offer 24-hour early access because people love exclusiveness.

They love to be a private shopping experience. So Black Friday is on the Friday. On the Thursday, I'll offer 24-hour early access.

I will wall off the website to where you need a password to enter. And then I'll email and text out a password to people that subscribe to our VIP list to enter the website in shop. And I'll show you guys exactly how we build up that VIP list now.

So 10 days before Black Friday, we'll launch a Facebook lead form campaign. And then we'll also create a landing page. So that way we can send out that landing page to our email subscribers, our influencers, and social followings as well.

And the whole goal is to continue to build up a BFCM 2024 VIP list inside of Klaviyo. Keep in mind here, if you operate purely on just new customers and you have no returning customer revenue, don't worry about this. Trust me.

You're just going to waste your time and money. If you have at least 20% returning customer revenue on a daily basis, then this is something great to focus on. And especially if you're doing at least 20, 30, 40, $50,000 a month in revenue to where it makes enough money for you to actually like invest into this.

And then like I said, here we did, we have our campaign. We spent about $10,000, about 5,000 leads here. And we're able to do with that $10,000.

We're able to do about $60,000 in sales that day. And that's how you get that huge spike in revenue right there because of that VIP, because we've been building up hype prior. And then what we'll do is we average on average, we see about five to 10% of those leads convert.

So if we get a thousand leads at a dollar per lead and basically spend a thousand dollars and we see, you know, a hundred leads times a $70 AOV, which is about what we get. Cause again, 100 leads, if we see about 10% of those leads convert out of that thousand, we'll do $7,000 in revenue. So $1,000 spent to do about $7,000 in revenue.

So just going to give you an estimate of how we look at those numbers and for you to run those exact same numbers yourself. Now let's start looking at the creatives to run specifically for the VIP early access. Here's some photo ads you can run for early access.

This one, we did this one for Icon Amsterdam. And one key thing that we did mess up on, I mean, completely transparent with you, we did mess up with this particular creative set right here, because if you look at it, there's not a single date in time. So adding the date in time for the early access actually creates a much better cost per email and cost per result.

Here's the one we did for Gritty Soul, where we showcased, this is kind of like some of the hype up creatives right here, where we're showcasing behind the scenes of the creation process of some of the products that we on sale for Black Friday. Here's a phenomenal one right here, where we literally called out the fact that we had 5,000 people in the list. This is a hundred percent true.

Like we actually had 5,000 people in the list and we only had 4,000 items in the inventory. Actually true. Like I'm not making any of this up.

And we'll, we'll sell out quickly. So like you better want to make sure you're on this VIP list. And I think we were getting like 20, 30 second, 30 cent opt-ins for this right there.

It was doing insanely well. Now here's the lead form, very straightforward email, phone number, and then also too, don't forget to create you that landing page. It's where you can use for our email, organic and influencers as well, and continue to build up that VIP list to do that 24 hour early launch.

Now let's start looking at launch structure. So this year, we tested something last year where we turned off all of the ad sets in our evergreen campaign and just had our Black Friday ad sets and our single campaign structure. And it kind of fucked us up a little bit because what happened was it like, even if you schedule out a creative for a couple of weeks before the actual date that it launches, it still takes Facebook like time to optimize and learn.

So we had like a huge budget of like 30, $50,000 on this one campaign. And those creatives just took forever to start spending. So this year, we're not going to touch our evergreen campaign.

We're going to leave it as is. We're going to leave it on. We're not turning it off or anything like that.

And then what we're going to do is we're just going to create an ASC campaign. I'm usually against ASC, but because of what it does prioritize this middle funnel and bottom of funnel, I think this year, we're going to do a lot better with ASC. And again, this is what we're testing this year.

I'm giving you guys real-time feedback of what we're doing this year. And we're going to load in anywhere between 20 to 30 creatives with a fat budget pretty much for the weekend. Yeah.

Basically just all ads and that one ad set and let it roll. That's literally all we're doing. And then also to keep in mind, the ad spend goals you're going to need for Black Friday.

This is really important right here because one, credit limits. If you're going to be doing this for a credit card. Two is your Facebook ad account limit.

A lot of limits, like there's Facebook ad account limits of how much you can spend on a daily basis. So you need to reach out to your credit card company and you need to reach out to your Facebook support to be able to get that bump and increase in Facebook ad spend. Let's just say, for example, we're going to do 200K in revenue at a 5X ROAS.

We're going to need a minimum of $40,000 to spend over Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. So I just need about a daily budget of at least $10,000. Keep in mind, Black Friday is always the biggest day and it dwindles down like this.

So I would, if I got to spend $40,000 over four days, I'd actually realistically put this at $20,000 for Friday. Then have, you know, Saturday, Sunday, Monday to spend the remaining 20K over those three days. Now, in terms of like increases and decreases throughout the day, I'm pretty much just looking at the account every 12 hours, 12 AM, 12 PM.

And I'm either doing anywhere between a 20% pullback or a hundred percent increase. Black Friday day is the only day that throughout the whole year, I'll surf scale and double budget a couple of times throughout the day, just due to the number of people that's in the market. And then, like I said, you want to make sure you schedule all your ads at least a week out before Black Friday, because you'll have ads that you can't publish, server errors, rejections, all that.

Schedule all that out a week before Black Friday. Now, create if you need website banners, organic content, email influencers, all of that, as promised, we're going to dive into right now. So the first one you're going to need is a graphic with offer.

They're just going to show the thing, Black Friday up to 6% discount. That's it. Very simple.

Next one is you want fresh new video content. This is fresh new content specifically filmed for Black Friday. It's never been launched before.

Next one is fresh new photos showing off the products. That's again, never been done before. The whole new aspect is what works really well.

Now, banner on best performing evergreen videos. This is where we just take our best performing videos already in the account and just throw a banner on it. And this is the banner on the best performing evergreen photos.

Take your best performing photos and just throw a banner on it. You're going to need fresh new content for that Christmas drop you're going to do on that Friday, post Black Friday. And then you're going to need all your new content for the new year drop.

Now, I want to also give you guys a couple of little tips real quick. If you are using, if you're starting your Black Friday from, you know, basically November 1st, again, if your business basically has 99% new customers, right? It's all new customers, then you could start Black Friday on the 1st.

You're not doing the hype up or anything like that. You're just going straight into these creatives. And then also to another huge one that we're like really focusing on this year is creating significantly more, what I would say, cold ads.

And cold ads are people that never purchased from us. This is new customers as well, but more specifically to what's going through people's mind right now. And that's gifting.

So here is the bonus hooks that you guys can leverage. Test these hooks going into Q4. We're launching all of these pretty much on November 1st.

Take the best 12 of these, create a video with it, and you know, a different video for all 12. So I would probably lean more towards the UGC side and each video be different, right? So are you running out of gift ideas?

Boom. The perfect gift for mom. This one is one of my favorites.

I've never seen my kids so happy. I surprised them with this basketball. I did significantly good for us one year.

There's even some of them in here that's like, treat yourself to a new pair of jeans. You deserve to treat yourself queen. We're actually doing some level of the, you know, actually like treating yourself because not everyone's just buying for other people during Black Friday.

So I always like to try to nudge people to like to treat yourself. It's been a crazy year. You deserve to treat yourself.

You know, you've crushed all your goals this year. It's time to treat yourself. And just different reasons why people treat themselves during Black Friday.

And I like to leverage those as well. And then here's just some other ones. Discover the perfect gift for her.

The most incredible holiday gift. The perfect Christmas gift does exist. So these are just a couple of things that we are doing this year for Black Friday.

I say a couple of things. This is our full Black Friday strategy this year rolling out for all of our clients. And since, you know, this video should be uploaded around October 1st, since Q4 has begun, make sure to take massive action on all of this.

And I hope you guys crush it this year. Make sure you like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, we specifically specialize with scaling businesses from $100,000 a month to multiple seven figures a month in revenue.

We've done it for four brands now and love to help you become the next one. Click link below to have Nick Sarah run your ads. And if you want me to mentor you and you don't make $100,000 a month, that's where my private mentoring comes in play.

One-to-one mentoring, where it can help you sculpt your business through mentoring. And then, you know, down the line, you can come a client or something like that of ours. So thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.