This is how we improved Facebook ad ROAS overnight. And no, this is not a joke at all. Like literally like huge shift overnight.

And I'm gonna show you exactly what we did in the next couple of seconds. Before we get started, if you're kind of questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I've done over a hundred million dollars in online revenue with Facebook ads. I'm an agency.

So with that being said, let's dive into the video. So here's how we did it with account consolidation. Account consolidation basically refers to the fact that for you take multiple campaigns and you consolidate them down to where you have less campaigns and the ad accounts.

And the reason why this improves things is because it cuts down auction overlap. So we're gonna show you an account right here. This is from August 18th, 2023 to September 18th, 2023.

We've been running these two campaigns for a long period of time. Both of them were relatively at $2,000 a day. This one says 4,000 a day now because of, you know, since then we've scaled up this campaign and it's still active.

So that's why it's shown as much more, but you can see over a 30 day period of time, they both spent about two grand a day. Now we spent $113,000, $49 cost per purchase, 1.49 ROAS. This is a supplement brand.

And this is also to the objective of this particular business owner is to scale at pretty much break even on acquisition because we're making all of our money in the backend from returning customers, which you guys will see that in a second, how that looks too. So with that being said, over 30 days, yeah, we spent $113,000, $1.49 ROAS. And I had a hypothesis was that this particular campaign was competing against our other campaign.

These two campaigns were competing against each other. Now they're both CBO, which is perfectly fine, but they're both targeting the same age, the same gen, they're in the same country. So if both of these were targeting different countries, no problem at all.

If one was targeting male and one was targeting female, no problem at all. If one was targeting 18 to 30 year olds, and the other one was targeting 31 to whatever, no problem at all. But because they're both targeting the same, basically persona of just different products, one is a gummy and one's a powder, it becomes an issue and they start competing against each other.

And because they're competing against each other, it rises cost. So what we did was is we went ahead and we turned one off, which was the gummy prospecting. And then what we did was, is we moved over the top six ads, well, it's five, top six ads from this one into the main ad set of our other campaign.

And what happened was, is we were able to do a 2.1 return on adsmen. So ROAS improved by 0.6. Cost per acquisition went from $49 to $35.

And we made $169,000 in the 30 day period right here. Here we made $161,000 in the 30 day period, but look how much less we spent. We spent almost $40,000 less in ad spend.

So here's another scenario right here where it's actually showing the 30 days before account consolidation and 30 days after accounts consolidation. So here we had a 1.49 ROAS, $113,000 of adsmen. We did negative $5,000 in the first 30 days.

Now, because this particular client is building off of retention, AKA they're making their money off customers coming back in their business over the next 60 days, we do $42,000 in profit, which at $5,000 in negative $5,000, it proves into $42,000 in profit. Basically, because we have $101 three month LTV and we do $242,000 in revenue. So basically that revenue increases right there.

So we still do about $42,000 in profit over the next two months, which is no problem at all. Clients happy, all that. But I was like, Hey, I think we can squeeze more here.

I feel like there's room for improvement. So this is when we did the account consolidation. We do a 2.1 return on adsmen.

We spend $76,000 and $160,000 of revenue. This is cost of goods, shipping and all that good stuff right there. We do $26,000 in profit in the first 30 days of account consolidation.

Also note that I do a full 30 day period of time, just to make sure it wasn't just like two days and like, Oh, performance is amazing. Because account consolidation. Now I made sure to do a full 30 days, just so that way you guys can see this from a longer perspective.

So $26,000 and that $26,000 improves again, increases in value into $71,000 in profit. So we do just under $50,000 more in profit over the next couple of months. So in total $71,000 in profit over day zero to 90.

This one right here, $42,000 in profit from zero to 90. Literally all we did was consolidate this ad account. That is it.

And as y'all can see right here, we basically looked at, all right, cool. This, this prospecting campaign at the top was on longer. So that's why we chose that one.

The gummy prospecting was actually one of the more newer ones. And all we did was we went into the gummy prospecting campaign. We took the top six ads.

Here's the top six ads, except the ones with the red marks. There's reasons why we had to stop those. I'm just not going to disclose that in this video.

And what we did was, is we took those and we just put them in our main prospecting campaign in our main ad set, literally just copied and pasted nothing sexy. And then, uh, those started taking off. You can see right here, like the gummy, but also too, we have like the powder and stuff like that.

That's talk about this particular brand. Uh, if you find the brand cool, like I'm not worried about it at all. So, but yeah, so I just want to show that really quick guys.

Um, and this is also another brand that we just started with like today's 10, 26, um, this is 10, 25 to 10, 24. We just consolidated this account on the 23rd and look, well, look what happened when we consolidated that account performance went to shit because we made so much adjustments in the ad account, but literally the next day, things start to take off. And first time, uh, in the last like couple of weeks that this account's touched the 2.97, 3.38.

Um, so just absolutely crushing right there. So again, early signs, and that's why I didn't want to base this whole video off of this account. And that's why I want to base it off this account right here that has like, all right, uh, a lot of, you know, data over a 30 day period of time.

Now also to just address some questions that I normally get in, Hey Nick, what happens if I'm running like multiple countries? So we have another account where we have 10 campaigns running, but each campaign is targeting a different country. So account consolidation wouldn't affect anything there.

Uh, account consolidation only plays an effect when you're running to multiple or multiple campaigns in the same country. And you're targeting the same location, gender, and age. If one variable is different, that's the only reason why account consolidation wouldn't affect it.

But if they're all the same, then the consolidating the ad account will help improve performance. Another question I might get is, Hey Nick, I'm running an ABO campaign with like five, 10 different ad sets, all targeting the same thing. All right, cool.

So you'll also benefit from account consolidation because it's not just campaign level. It's also ad set level. I probably have like maybe five to 10 ad sets live in this prospecting campaign here with $4,000 a day.

Um, but because it's a CBO, I'm letting Facebook control the spin how Facebook wants to. If I was running ABO, ABO would force the budget and all of those ad sets. And again, it would compete against each other, worsening your performance.

So those are two different scenarios that you need to look at just before, like you do account consolidation. Cause sometimes it's not needed. Sometimes you guys, your accounts are already consolidated.

Um, and sometimes your account is not, and more campaigns doesn't necessarily mean your account needs consolidation. Because like I said, I have another account with 10 to 12 active campaigns, all CBO, but each campaign is targeting a different country. So there's no auction overlap.

Um, and also to just reinforce, like what auction overlap is, is when you're targeting the same audience group. Um, even if you're doing broad targeting, cause if you're still doing broad targeting, but targeting the same age, gender, and location, you're still, those campaigns are still going to compete against each other. And regardless of all levels of budget.

So what happens is, is if you imagine like five lanes of traffic, all try to merge down to two lanes. Um, there's a lot of clog where that, uh, kind of like, uh, basically like point of where everything funnels in. There's a lot of clog at, and that like clog is what creates like the higher and like decrease in efficiency for the ad account specifically.

So basically you have campaigns that all try and target the same person and you bid against yourself to win those auctions in the Facebook platform, um, algorithm. And because you bid against yourself, you artificially rise up your own costs and there's more competition in the market, but actually it's just your account bidding against yourself. But yeah, so hopefully guys, uh, this helps you guys out.

Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And also too, if you want me to run your ads and, you know, if you basically, uh, have caught some interest in here and like, Hey Nick, I want you to run my ads, uh, link below for me to run your ads. And then also to a link below for my inner circle, which is my private coaching community, uh, mentorship, uh, multiple shop, five brand owners in there doing at least some of them multiple, uh, like seven figures a month, et cetera.

So, uh, solid brands in there. Great place to learn more and get some higher level knowledge and all that good stuff. So, uh, thank you all for watching.

Take care. Peace out.