Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I want to talk about two things. One, how we did $310,000 in 30 days and things did not go to plan at all. Second thing is how you can actively use a holiday or how like holidays are one of your most undervalued revenue amplifiers you could possibly have and how you can crush it every single holiday.

So before we get started, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and drop a comment below. I'm curious, did you crush it for Valentine's day? Yes.

Today's roughly going to be a few days before Valentine's day, but you probably should have been running your campaigns to buy a gift for Valentine's day. And if you have, did you crush it? I'm curious who ran that.

And if you did, well, we did and it worked well, but it also didn't work well. So let's, let's dive into it and take a look at that. So we did $310,000 in 30 days and nothing went to plan at all.

And just to show you last year, we actually did $808,000 for our Valentine's day promo with $278,000 in spend. Basically anything, uh, two X ROAS or higher, literally 2.0 or higher is all profit. So absolutely crushed it in a short period of time for his particular client this year, though, $139,000 spent with $310,000 in revenue.

Yeah. There's a lot of stuff that went South and I really want to actually kind of go through that with you guys. So just a quick brief break, even RAS is about 1.5 to 1.9.

It varies because, um, pretty much, um, you know, all, all the, the particular products are pushing it's, it's a 1.5 to 1.7 break, even RAS. But if, uh, someone places an order that's over a hundred bucks, then we got to cover the shipping and the shipping can puts it up to that 1.9 ROAS break, even, even with the, um, the, like the discount code, everything like that incorporated. So pretty much two X or higher.

Um, the client wants us to scale target RAS is a three X. So like, obviously that's where we want to hit three X, but, um, this particular client is just like scale, scale, scale, scale, scale, and is okay with doing like basically a million dollars in sales with $900,000 and spend just a profit like $10,000. So, uh, yeah, I know.

Um, anyway, but also it's, you have to understand it's a print on demand store. The way it's structured is a little different than your typical e-commerce store, but basically long story short, it's a print on demand store. So basically whatever he makes or this particular client makes and whatever we spend, like it's basically just, he receives a total bill for product costs and shipping, things like that at the end of the month and then a total bill for ad spend and it pays us.

So it's, there's no, um, cost when it comes down to, uh, warehouse space, purchasing more inventory, other employees, things like that. It's very, very, very, very lean store. That makes a lot of money.

And we basically want it to outperform last year. And we also to want it to, um, push really hard between the 14th through the seventh, because the seventh is the shipping cutoff, uh, for this particular store. So let's make sure we hit that.

Um, and then we're going to transition from up to V day sale, about eight, the eighth through the 14th days to six. So we're about to actually push into that after action report. So actually before launching and pushing our ad account got hacked.

Our business manager got hacked and we actually had to create a whole new business manager and a whole new ad account. This ad account had over a million dollars and spin on it. We built up this business with one particular ad account, got hacked, hacker went through the client's profile.

He got one of those emails that said, Hey, you know, it's time to change your password. He didn't know, clicked on it, yada, yada, yada, something like that. So if all that happening, uh, we basically had to just get a whole new business manager, whole new ad account, whole new everything except the Shopify store.

Obviously we averaged a two X since creating this new ad account, we've been averaging on a two X versus a three X typical. And obviously, you know, it takes a little time for the ad account to learn your people. And obviously just the more you spend better, it helps.

Um, I think ad account maturity is definitely something that's a very real thing. Um, where, uh, older ad accounts do simply see better results. Now, obviously I don't have anything on paper that states that.

So like, I can't just say, Hey, that's a fact. That's just something that I, from a few accounts have recognized, but I don't see a hard fact in line that older accounts do better than new accounts. So we also did see a later boom in V day buyers.

Uh, so it was like pretty much like, you know, we were pushing this, uh, from the 14th of January all the way up to February 1st and literally on February 1st, like the, we've been doing a two X pretty much every day. Then on February 1st, it shot up to three X, like just nothing changed. Nothing changed with targeting, nothing changed with creatives or anything like that.

Just February 1st, boom, three X for us. And we've been holding a three X rise until, uh, today, the six. So we did see a late boom in V day buyers compared to the prior year where we seen V day buyers as early as January 14th, 310 cells, 139 and spin estimated profit, $32,000.

Getting pretty much a spin, subtract that. Uh, then you subtract the, the other, um, you know, costs for products and then, uh, get your total profit because again, it's more of a print on demand store to wait to set up. Um, very, it's a very interesting store.

So just say that we did see a lower CCR this year and a higher CPM to previous year. Again, that was going to a brand new ad account. So it could have been affected with that.

So, but anyway, moral of this video and why I'm putting this together is prepare for holidays. Holidays can be a great amplifier for generating large amounts of revenue for your e-commerce business. And a lot of you guys are not prepared for them.

You wait till about a week before Valentine's. So you're like, Oh, cool. Let's do a Valentine's day sale, but that's actually the worst time to push it.

You want to push it up to 30 days before that holiday. And let me just show you how that works. First off, it comes down to positioning.

Positioning is everything when it comes down to holiday promos. Okay. Valentine's day, perfect gift for your sweetheart or the perfect outfit for you on date night.

Father's day, perfect gift for dads who like to grill. He'll tell all of his friends you got him this gift. This is actually a little experimental, uh, tagline I used one year, uh, because it's basically going into that, that leveraging that status of, and the female's mind of, Hey, I buy this from her husband to all his friends of where he got it.

And it just kind of like lifts her up in the positioning effort. Um, and we've seen that it work really well as well. Mother's day show mom.

She has loved this mother's day black Friday, the perfect gift. And you can do moms, dad, sisters, brothers. You can do all of them in different ads, Christmas, same thing.

So you really need to sort through your products and figure out which ones can be positioned to fit certain holidays. Now the holidays I've listed up here are typically your standard gifting holidays, at least in my world. Um, Valentine's day, father's day, mother's day, black Friday, Christmas.

These are the only times. And I wouldn't even say like, like black Friday and Christmas are put together essentially, but like Halloween, like no one gifts on Halloween. Um, you know, 4th of July, like things like that.

There's just, there's no, you know, gifting holidays. So you need to really be prepared for these holidays because these can be massive amounts of revenue for your business. And if you're not prepared correctly, you're going to miss out.

So, and again, you want to start 30 days before today, you're gonna have 21 days to push it. Then that last seven days is where the cutoff is going to hit. And when you hit that cutoff, you're going to switch and from a gift giving to a, just a holiday sale, essentially offer.

The offer is everything when it comes down to this and none of that bullshit stuff y'all see online where it's like 20% off or 30% off. Like we're going straight into just the overall offer of what you are offering to your, your customer, your demographics and your customers and stuff like that. So first off, we like a record, we recommend a designated collection.

Okay. Here's our, our Valentine's day collection, our father's day collection. And we like to create a collection on Shopify father's day, mother's day, you know, shop by holiday and link people straight to that collection, because they're going to find that product, your primary product, you're promoting in the store, but also see these all, they're all cool products that'll probably add to their cart as well.

And increase that AOV really like that. A really exciting one as well is bundles. So if you sell something that can be bundled together, you find that a lot of people purchase together, create a new product on Shopify, and it'd be a bundle product.

You essentially just create a, create a product. That's a few products together. It's a bundle easy for someone to purchase.

Bundles work really well too, as well. If you have a lot of variety and stuff in your products and things like that, they can be mixed match together. And then for us, we go straight for a discount.

Like it's just the easiest thing automatically apply discounts. And we only mark down that specific collection. It's not our key here.

So if we're doing a holiday or like a Valentine's day sale, we're only marking down the Valentine's day particular products, um, up until that shipping cutoff. And then we switch over to a store wide sale. But this also helps with increase is the transparency of the customer of, Oh, Hey, it's Valentine.

So I can get 20% off this item, but Hey, I'm buying from my wife. And I see this really cool sign that I like to, I'm gonna buy it as well, but they have to pay full costs on that. So it limits our exposure to, uh, decreases and things like that.

Now, urgency, this is a big one right here. This is really part of your offer. Urgency.

The fact is, is that these men, and we're going to focus more on Valentine's day right now, these men are scattered brain right now, trying to figure out what they want to purchase for their girlfriend or wife or whatever. And I was about to start naming some other stuff. Um, anyway, they, uh, they're about to purchase something for this particular demographic or this, their girlfriend, wife.

And now we need to increase that urgency and increase that pain of them, not surprising them with something beautiful. So like they need to find something. They don't have much time left.

Here's a great gift. Your wife or girlfriend's going to love it and you don't have any other great options. So you're gonna purchase our gift essentially.

So you need to make sure that urgency is transparent. I'm, this is a great time that I'm also for countdown timers. I'm actually not for countdown timers really at all, but for these gifting holidays, specifically these holidays right here, I'm golden for timers because it's basically showcasing, Hey, Valentine's day is in 14 days.

What are you going to buy here? You're not going to buy her anything. So buyer this gift essentially.

Um, so that's what we're pushing for. And that's the only time we really like urgency and it's a real urgency. It's not, Oh, you know, out of stock in five hours.

And it's just a bullshit timer. And it keeps re-looping at some of you guys using your drop shipping stores. This is real urgency here that we're utilizing to make and motivate people purchase our products.

Now shipping cutoff again is another part of the urgency. So you have up until February 7th to purchase from our store to get it in time for Valentine's day. If you do not purchase before that, the guess what?

It's not going to come in in time. So if you wait till February 10th, you're too late. So, so another really great part right here, where we have to look at our budget and we'll put on spin and spend more between January 14th to February 7th, because we know February 7th, we're gonna see a dip because we're going to get, um, we're not going to get any more of those last minute, last minute buyers essentially.

So that's your offer right there. You got your offer put together. Now, what does the creative look like?

The types of angles and copy that we're really focused on right here. And this, we're going to dive into the Valentine's day angle. So I'm using Valentine's day for this pretty much this whole presentation, but you can mimic this for father's day, mother's day, all these other things like that.

So Valentine's day angle, perfect gift for your sweetheart. It's kind of like the golden rule right there, whatever perfect gift for your sweetheart, your baby girl, your love of your life. Like you can change up the copy to mimic variety of different things that your particular demographic calls their girlfriend or wife.

Perfect gift for your girlfriend. Simple as that. So what are the different types of creatives that we need to utilize inside of our ad account to really amplify sales and revenue and spread that message.

And again, spread the message. This is the perfect gift for your sweetheart. If you don't purchase her or anything else, um, you're missing out.

So video of a girl unboxing the product and reaching or reacting to it. The easiest one converts like wildfire girl opens up the present. It's a video from like a iPhone.

We send it to a few UGC people utilizing incense, have a video on incense already. Go look at my channels, like how to create, you know, how to get it like a consistent stream of creatives for TikTok and Facebook, essentially video of a girl unboxing to it. iPhone girl in boxes, like, you know, filming it girl and bosses, it reacts to it.

Oh my God. This is so amazing. Holding the product and like emotion in her face.

If she's like, wow, this product is so cool. Like that's not going to convert for shit on your ads. So be cautious about that.

Make sure there's emotion, you know, average advertising. You have to, um, there's a thing where it's like, if, if you whisper, no one will hear you or like, no one will hear you. If you talk, people will feel a whisper.

If you scream, people will hear a talk. So like, like a scream is a barely a sound in the advertising world. So you, you have to mimic that.

So you have to really scream and dramatize over drama, dramatize this and really react to it and love it. And then we could also do is get a bunch of different girls unboxing these products and reacting to it. And we can do a video montage, just putting all of them together.

Okay. Now video of girls are holding and smiling it. So obviously you have that particular one.

What about just a girl holding it? Oh my God, this is a beautiful, so amazing. I love it.

And just the video, just that being right there, five seconds long. And it's again, it's further positioning this product in the male's mind. Who's looking at purchasing this product on valent for Valentine's day as, oh my God, all of these girls are loving it.

It looks real. It's constantly being talked about and we're showing a lot of variety of girls. So it's like, oh, okay.

Like there's so many people out there loving this product. I got to buy it for my girlfriend. So next one is, this is a more of a TikTok perspective for, you know, something I'm slowly starting to get back into or getting into, not get back into.

I've always been on TikTok, but like more focused into it is the TikTok green screen. So there's a way to where you can record yourself on TikTok and it does like a green screen so we can put whatever you want behind you. And what I've been seeing that works really well is it'll be like a video, like say for me, I do the green screen thing.

And then I'm talking, hey guys, you need to buy this and like pointing up at the website behind him. You need to buy this for your girlfriend. This is one of the best gifts I've ever bought my girlfriend.

She loves it. If you want to be the man this year, you need to purchase this gift. So that's like a really great one for TikTok.

I've also seen people carry that over to Instagram and Facebook and see some really good results of that as well. Now, testimonial video talking about the product. So this could be like, you know, a guy talking about it.

Even a girl have both. Hey, I just purchased my girlfriend. She loves it.

Like highly recommended if you're looking for a great gift split screen image of product on side, uh, one side plus offer on the other side. So you could have like the product, you can have like a pink background because it's Valentine's day. And then you can have like, you know, 20% off ending X date right there.

Just more of a split screen. Um, and then from a retargeting perspective as well, like, uh, you can do the split screen, the testimonial in this last call where the last call is more like, you still haven't found the perfect gift. You've been scrolling online and you really just recognizing people with that pain.

They feel of, Hey, they've been looking online. They've been looking at stores. Maybe their jobs and really busy and haven't been able to go shopping yet.

Um, you're figuring out those pain points and you're dressing them with a retargeting ad and saying, here's your last chance to purchase from us. And all of that will go away essentially. So that's your creative.

You got to get it. It's fun. It's easy.

It's straightforward. Now from a creative, I mean, from a scaling perspective, it's a lot different than our typical accounts because we typically see holiday offers take off hard and we, this is where we break the rules essentially. And why we can break these rules is because we have confidence that our creative is perfect.

Our offers perfect. Our product is the perfect gift this holiday season to where we can have all three of those on our side. And then we can just push and spend as much as possible within a short period of time.

So it's, again, we have a short period of time to spend as much time as possible. Because once we go over that shipping cutoff, stuff's going to hard, I'm talking about huge drops. I've seen drops as hard as 90%.

We were doing 80, 90 K a day. Uh, when we're doing 800 K, uh, did 800,000 that short period of time. And we dropped down to like $10,000 a day.

Yeah. It's a hard drop, but that's because no one is going to get in time for Valentine's day. No one wants it anymore.

It's useless product now because they're not going to get from Valentine's. Now, if you go purchase that Lowe's, Hey, or Walmart and stuff like that, that'd be cool. But again, we can't do that because we're an econ business.

So this is where we can, where we can do it. And I'm talking about, I'm duping budgets every 24 hours, like fast, like thousand dollars a day, $2,000 a day, $4,000 today, $8,000 a day, $16,000 a day, $32,000 a day. Like that's how fast every day I'm duping budgets once.

Yeah. And again, that's, it's more, you have to understand one, the audience size. Like if you're targeting a look like 1% of USA and you have 2.1 million people in there, you can't scale that fast.

Now, if you're crushing a three, four X ROAS and your, your creative has some really good soft metrics and you're, you're, you're spending a thousand dollars a day on a broad audience with millions of people in it. And then that's like really great right there. You can push it hard.

So that's also something else to look at. Now, after we do that, after we basically run our pre-sell or I say a pre-sell, we, uh, you know, we really push on the fact of get it before Valentine's day. Then again, our product's useless.

So how do we make up for the drop in sales? We just push the standard Valentine's day sale. And what we'll do is we'll, we'll do a store-wide sale Valentine's day.

And, and again, you can, you can play with it. You can either do store-wide or just that collection only. If you have a lot of other best-selling products, you can do a store-wide.

And again, nothing crazy. You don't need to do a 50% off discount, like 10%, 15, 20%. I like to kind of do something that I would typically do like, uh, for, you know, maybe like Halloween where like, it's a big holiday.

It's a big holiday, but it's something humongous, like major. Most people for Valentine's day, their main point of spending is on their girlfriend or their significant other for a nice date, maybe some clothes to try to get a little lucky, something like that. And a little gift for that particular person.

That's it. But if you're selling, I don't know, washing machines, like unless that's the gift you want to give to your, your, uh, significant other, like that's not, you know, you're not gonna do well with that, or if you sell laptops or whatever. So you're not going to expect anything crazy.

And then again, you, what you want to do is you want to have a fresh new lineup of creative. This focuses more directly on the sale specifically. So Valentine's day sale, save 20% off all of our best sellers, show off all the products that you get for sale.

And if you're existing creative, that talks more on the gift giving still performs better than just keep, like, keep pushing it. Like as long as people clearly understand, like that's the biggest problem right here. It's more of an ethical reason of, of, of advertising.

If people are purchasing from that ad thinking it's going to get in for Valentine's day and you don't have any clear, like, like if you're shipping stuff, it's not on the website at all. Like people should clearly be able to go to the website, see ships in three to four days. You get it in about seven days after that.

So like, oh, okay. Hey, I won't get for Valentine's day. But if it just says arrives before Valentine's day day before, and you have a 10 day shipping, like that's not ethical advertising.

And like, obviously you don't even watch this channel. Cause I don't want unethical advertisers using my stuff. Like I only want ethical businesses using this shit because it's powerful.

So make sure you're doing all that. And yeah, that's going to help you crush it. So I really hope you guys take this like little Valentine's day or holiday sales guide, uh, kind of show you some of our mistakes or that we made happen this year.

And not really mistakes. It's just like shit that happened to us. Um, and then basically, you know, how you can maximize holidays.

Cause holidays are super, super, I would say under, like, there's a lot of people, at least between the $10,000 to $50,000 a month range that aren't using this stuff. Some of our clients, like the 50 to a hundred K round range, I start to notice they're a little bit more prepared for these and then a hundred K plus a month. Like they're all like, they got this already planned out two, three months before that specific holiday comes to play.

That's also another thing too. If you're going to start your ads 30 days before today, then you need to do creative 60 days out, 60 days out. You need to be sending products out to people to do UGC content, all that stuff.

Instance to get UGC. Then using a service like no limit creatives to actually go ahead and, um, edit, put it all together for you. So that way you have a line of high converting creatives.

You can toss out to the marketplace essentially. So, so I really hope you guys enjoyed this video again. If you are an e-com business making at least $50,000 per month in revenue, and you would love to work with me and my team, we are an advertising agency on the backside of this.

And, uh, we help brands go to six figures to seven figures a month in revenue essentially. So we'd love to work with you, help you out and everything like that. So just put call below, we'll hop in your ad account.

We'll look at your account and we'll see if you're a good fit to work with us or not. We, uh, a few things we look for in our clients and everything like that. And then also too, we put a strategy for you that you can take and run with it, or you have the option to, uh, choose us if you want, um, have that strategy proposal.

So anyway, thank you guys for watching. If you're doing less than 50 K a month, then keep watching the channel. I strive to provide super, super transparency of everything we're doing and advertising stuff like that.

So where, you know, you can grow your business by just simply following the channel. So hope that helps you guys out as well. So thank you guys so much for watching.

My name is Nick Theriot. Make sure that like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And again, drop a comment below if you crush it for Valentine's day.

Um, let me know like what happened, things like that. Give me a little app to action report. What happened for you and, uh, hope you guys have a great day.

My name is Nick Theriot. Talk to you guys later. Peace.