What's going on guys, welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for y'all. Today we'll be discussing how I cut down a cost per acquisition for a client by 50% by simply just changing up the creative and actually making some improvements, slight improvements to a creative that literally cut cost per acquisition in half.

And I'm really excited to share this with you guys. This was literally a really cool discovery on my end and something that I think we tend to forget to do at times. So we're going to break it down before we get started.

Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. With that being said, let's get started guys. So for one of our clients recently, we did a bunch of creative testing and stuff.

And our first round of creative testing with a certain creative was not working. Like literally cost per acquisition went from like, you know, $60 cost per acquisition to like $100, $200 cost per acquisition. So our current cost per acquisition was $60 and we needed to get down to about $20 to $25 for cost per acquisition.

And what we did was is we built this certain type of creative. So it was more of like UGC and stuff like that. And it performs really well for some of our clients and we launched it.

And when we launched it, it actually performed horrendous, like soft stats, everything very poorly. And, you know, we basically came there and was like, hey, what's what's going on? You know, what can we do to improve it?

And I want to show you guys that right here. So you can see right here, this is the first round of creative testing. And you can see right here is the creatives.

I can't show you all the creative just because of NDA and stuff with the client and stuff. I can show you all this little screenshot right here. So again, this is for a app install business or company, but you could literally do the this is literally applied to lead generation, e-commerce, everything.

So this is not just for app installs is literally psychology 101 right here. So first round of creative testing, we are targeting three different audiences. So we do one ad set, one ad with three audiences that we know work really well.

So we're using proven, proven audience, proven ad copy, et cetera, just to creative is different. And we launched this where cost per acquisition is target CPA is about 20, $25. So I'd like to see about $120 spend on this particular creative.

We spent $276 on it. So we got one trial started 90 bucks. Again, current one was about 50 to 60 bucks.

And we started working with this client to get it now. It's about 20 to $25. And that's look, just severe loss on our part right here.

I mean, even the app install. So this is an app install right here. And then the trial started something they take action on inside of the app.

So we needed to get this cost down. Now, obviously this cannot work. We turned it off after we spent some money on it and we had to go back to draw on board.

And when a ad does not perform, we simply need to not just, oh my God, Facebook ads doesn't work. Or, oh my God, you know, we need a better ad account structure. You essentially need to come back, take a step back.

Why didn't this creative work? Why? Because there's a lot of different potential.

Why does creative didn't work? Why does ad didn't work? If you take a step back, analyze that, you can build new creatives based off why these didn't work and test those theories.

First is just going back to drawing board and coming up with random ideas. So you're basically using this money to apply to testing and apply to further improve your overall marketing strategy. So why didn't work?

Was the audience not proven? Let's just go with some basic questions. Was the audience not proven?

Yes, these audiences we were using were very, very proven. Did we simply not spend enough? So my rule of thumb is you want to spend at least two times your target CPA over the course of three days.

So my rule of thumb is you want to spend at least two times your target CPA every day for three days. So you're going to spend six times your target CPA. Target CPA is about $20.

So we're going to do 6x times 20, 120 bucks. We're going to spend at least 120 bucks on this ad. And did we spend enough?

Yeah, we spent enough. It wasn't no, like, this is not going to just turn around all of a sudden on day four. This is purely bad right here.

So we did spend enough. Audience was proven. The product proven?

Yes. We spent tons of money on this product. It works.

And then was the copy headline not proven? Yes. We've used proven ad copy and proven headline.

So that way we purely knew it was directly a creative problem. So was the cost per click and CTR relative to the account averages? So was when you look at that ad right there, you have a certain kind of like CTR click through rate and CPC cost per click.

And for us, this was I don't have a screenshot right here, but it was much greater. It was very high cost per click, very low CTR. And we even looking at some soft stats like app installs shows us that, hey, this was very badly.

So we knew that, again, creative was the problem. So in order for people to like a good creative, it grabs attention, creates desire and a reason to take action now. That's good creative.

So we're looking back at the draw board. We knew CTR was very low. CPC was very high.

So it was not grabbing attention. So we looked at the thumbnail because a video has a thumbnail. Then it has the first five seconds.

And then it has your whole video. That's the main key things right there that you need to get right. So we looked at everything.

We looked at the thumbnail, didn't grab attention. We looked at the first three, five seconds in a video did not hold attention. It has long, boring intro.

You know, it had like an intro for the business. And then it had that particular content creator talking about her and why, you know, I did X, Y, Z over my career, blah, blah, blah. Now, this is why I'm using this app.

And then this long, boring intro. So long, boring intro, thumbnail, didn't grab attention. So we changed that up and we added a really cool thumbnail.

You can upload a custom thumbnail on Facebook. So we uploaded a custom thumbnail. Then what we also did was is we removed 30 to 40 seconds of that video, all that fluff.

It went straight into her talking about the app. Like it literally went like the first words, like now that I'm using this app. So like instead of like, hi, my name is Nick with X, Y, Z.

I've done all this cool stuff. Now that I'm using this app, I've been able to X, Y, Z benefits. So just quick first three to five seconds grabs people's attention about the app.

So made all those changes. And then let me show you what happened next. So our cost per install for apps significantly dropped.

I think it was what, like 30 to 90 bucks right here. Now it's six to $7. Our cost per start trial, about $28 now.

Now, again, this is the course over all three of these ads. But we did have one strong, solid winner right here for, because again, these are three proven audiences, three different ad sets, and then one ad in each ad set. So it gave us about anywhere from a $25 to $49 cost per start trial, which was significantly better than $276 average or $90 cost per start trial.

So significantly better. Like I said, we did a better intro. We did better thumbnail.

And that allowed us to start to create a framework now for all of our ads. So now we know what type of intro we should be doing. We also know that what type of thumbnail we should be doing or kind of thumbnail.

And we tested that. We started on all the next ads we created. I started literally going inside of the Facebook ads manager and trimming the creative that my creative team would deliver to us.

So say like it was like a 30 second video. I trim it down to 20 seconds and I purposely cut out a bunch of fluff and beginning intro, stuff like that. And then what I would do is, is I would go ahead and add in a really cool thumbnail.

And we've been able to apply that for all of our creatives now as we create them and check this out. So these are some new creators right here. We have another one, $21, another one, $23.

Good spin, good app installs. Like literally like just a difference in app install, $7, $2. So again, for this account, app installs literally when you go like click on the ad, install it from the app store.

But then the next thing is like literally going ahead and starting the in-app event that we want them to, not starting a trial. So cost per app install, that's more like a website visitor technically or add to cart technically for looking at like e-commerce, comparing it to it. And trials like to purchase essentially.

But yeah, so we're hitting our KPIs for this client now. Very happy. And it's literally just doing some creative thinking around our creative essentially.

So looking at why didn't it work? So next time you have a creative that does not work, it, you know, you, you, you know, you have a proven audience. You're getting sales and stuff with your ad accounts and you launch a new creative, you go to creative testing and it does horrible.

Why? What is the reason why? Because that's going to do two things.

It's going to allow you to prevent those future mistakes. And two, it's going to allow you to replicate successful actions. When you do this over and over and over, what's going to happen is, is you're going to see all your costs significantly drop of advertising and you're going to be more profitable with your business and you're able to scale more consistently.

So now that we have these 20 to $21 ads right here, we can afford to spend more because we know these ads right here, all ads, you know, all ads in general, they, the more you spend on them, the less profitable they are. That's just the fact with Facebook ads and advertising in general. So what we need to do is at creative testing, we need to have some significantly good results to be able to scale.

If not, what's going to happen is, is we're going to blow up our budget very quickly. But yeah, so it's a quick little case study, kind of like how we cut down CPA count wide about 50%. So again, came on for this account with like 60 to 50, $60 CPA.

And then client wanted us to get us, get them about a 50% drop, which was about 20 to $25 was the target CPA. And we've been able to produce a lot of creatives and stuff. We're getting 20 to $25 within our range.

And we're scaling this account back up now, now that we've been able to produce the proper creatives, because that was the only thing missing from their strategy was more of the marketing strategy and more of the creative strategy that really drives performance for their account. So if you're currently spending money on advertising online and would love for us to hop on a call to basically put together a marketing plan for you, establish your next six months goals and put a plan of action together, then simply click the link below and we'll hop on a call together. We'll look at your current business right now, do a little audit of it and figure out what exactly you need to do to get to your goals within the next six months.

So make sure you click the link below and click book now. And like I said, it'll be me, my team, put this plan together for you. And then what's going to happen is, is you can either take that plan and run with it, or you can stick around with us and work together.

Well, guys, that's about it for today. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button. And if you're new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Hope you guys have a great day. I'm Nick Theriault. Now I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace.