Am I a scam? That's the real question. What's going on guys?

Yeah, I got a Reddit article the other day I saw where someone was, you know, trying to say that I was a scam, quote unquote. And I thought I'd make a video for it because I've never really seen many people do what I'm about to do today, where I'm literally going to pull back and show you guys literally all of like my Stripe processing, some statistics, student success, agency client success versus like averages and stuff like that. And really just kind of use this video more from an educational perspective of, you know, probably what most other quote unquote gurus online would not do at all.

So if you haven't seen the Reddit article, there was this one particular person that, you know, made this Reddit article that apparently, you know, they hated the course and all that good stuff. And, you know, they never really even said that they tried to apply the knowledge. They just said they went through the knowledge, they didn't like it.

And it was a scam basically. And, you know, I kind of took a look at that particular person's, all the other threads this person made and all these other various different places. And they were pretty much all similar.

So long story short, I was like, I don't want to focus it on this particular person, but I do want to focus on let's just running through some numbers. And we're going to look at more of my educational business as a whole, as well as my agency side as a whole as well. So that way I can try to like be as transparent as possible about, you know, student success, like all the things that I know people are not transparent about in the space.

So let's first look at disputes. That's the first thing we're gonna be looking at. So in the last two years, I've had eight disputes, which a dispute is basically where people call their bank and say, hey, this charge was either fraudulent or like they scam me, blah, blah, blah.

I've had eight people follow this dispute since I've launched all of these things right here. And to be fair, some of them were literally like just people that were buying the course and then like ripping the whole course, like in Kajabi, where I have my course at, I can literally see the percentage of which people complete the course. And these people were buying the course and completing it within like five minutes.

And then all of a sudden, a week later, I'm seeing a new Reddit post of like Nick Sektario's whole course free download. So I've seen some things like that. And then also to just like literally people like will go dark and dispute and not even like reach out to me for like a refund or like any real reason.

So for the other disputes, I don't know why, but yeah, just kind of giving you some context there on those disputes. But again, I'm letting the data tell the story. I'm not going to try to give you all too much like justification.

I'm just letting the data tell the story here. Next thing from a refund perspective, then 54 refunds in the last, what I would say, two years. And if you really notice here, a lot of them are my ebook.

And again, just from a justification perspective, people would buy the ebook. And then they I guess they just they have a reason to believe that it's going to teach them how to like run the ads and the ad account structure and stuff like that. And even though I call that out on the page that it does not show that at all, this is purely just creatives.

That was a big refund reason why. And then some people were just like, you know, they accidentally made a charge accidentally and just some weird stuff like that. So but again, 54 refunds total.

Now from customer perspective, we've done 2,963 customers. So that means these payments went through unique customers or I don't know that they're 100% unique customers, but for the most part, they're, you know, quote unquote, unique customers right there. So 2,963 payments went through and that's for all of my products, ebook course and inner circle.

That's not like just one particular product itself right there. And you can kind of see right here, this is just looking at the last couple of days. You know, there's $1,000 ones, $29 ones, $600 ones, good variety right there.

So just, just so that way you're, you're not just like how to interpret that data right there. Now let's look at some stats because we see 2,963 succeeded payments, 54 refunds, eight disputes, 362 failed. That's just like, let's say someone tried to purchase my course, but they didn't have enough money or they try to purchase and they're using like a credit card that seems high risk.

Stripe will just either block it or the payment won't go through or something like that. So that's also why I just want to make sure for the few people that questioned that right there. Now from a stats perspective, real quick, let me give you all some data first before I kind of reveal, review some more information here.

So I just kind of looked up on Google, a general search that about 20 to 30% e-commerce or the average return rate for an e-com brand is 20 to 30%. That's returns as in like refunds and like, Hey, product dissatisfaction, incorrect sizing, wrong product, product quality, return policy. So like things like that.

And on average is about 20 to 30% overall. Okay. So that's just something right there.

I want to point out now, same thing from a dispute perspective. The average is around 0.6%. That means as it literally says right here, out of every thousand transactions, six people will dispute.

That means they call their bank and say, Hey, I want you to dispute the transaction itself. Now let's go into my, uh, well, I would say my data. So out of 2,963 transactions, we've had 54 refunds, which is a 1.8% refund rate.

We've also had eight disputes, which is a 0.2% dispute rate. That's, you know, what I would say a third, one third of what the average is for disputes and significantly lower. I would say anywhere between 18 to 28% lower for the refund rate right there.

So again, just giving you all the data, you can interpret it how you want right there. But just from, you know, what I've seen across the industry, I know people that sell courses, infoprocks and stuff like that with literally a refund rate much higher than some of that. And also dispute rate.

If you don't know, like if you cross over like a 1% on Stripe, like your dispute rate will literally like get kicked off Stripe itself right there. And I know a lot of people constantly complaining about getting banned off Stripe. I'm using this data to show you that, hey, like we're, we do ethical business here.

We're not out here to scam anyone. Now, next thing I want to look at is percentage of people scaling to $1 million a month. So that's kind of like my main push for a lot.

How I focus my agency and inner circle is helping e-com businesses hit $1 million a month because we've helped quite a few businesses hit a million dollars a month. And that's what everyone wants to go for. So we've had 449 students go through the inner circle.

And we've had five students that have hit a million dollars a month. So roughly it's like, it comes out to like 1.1, 1.2% chance. You'll hit a million dollars a month inside of the inner circle.

Now being very clear here, the average is less than 1% to hit a million dollars a month. So, you know, we're doing slightly above average there. And I'm working on getting that improved for the inner circle program right there.

Obviously there is some level of like, Hey, I'm showing you everything I do, but also too, it's still up to you at the end of the day to take that action. And still up to you at the end of the day, uh, to put the same work ethic in stuff like that. Just to show you on the agency side, we've worked with over 60 clients comes out to like maybe 60, 61 and five of them have, we have helped hit a million dollars a month.

So they all five of those clients roughly came in at about a hundred, 200 K a month without five clients now hit over a million dollars a month. This means 8% of our clients, we've helped them hit a million dollars a month, help five clients do five divided by 60 comes to 8%. That means you have an eight times greater chance of hitting a million dollars a month, working with us, than you try and doing it on your own.

Because if we look at the average, less than 1% of businesses hit a million dollars a month. So this is all the information that we're doing and all the actions we're actively taking. And we're handing that down to people in the inner circle and then people like in the courses and all of that good stuff.

Now, the next big thing I want to talk about is why do people fail with my products? What are some of the things that could potentially go wrong? Why, if you bought any of my programs, why may you fail?

First things first is a mindset issue with the constant search for something new. I see this a lot in the comments where I do my best to try to bring like new things to you guys for YouTube. But for the most part, the fundamentals and constantly practicing the fundamentals is what's helped all of our clients to hit a million dollars a month plus.

And people are constantly looking for a new Facebook ad account structure, a new approach to Facebook ads, something new. When reality is, it's just getting better at what they already know. I'm in boxing and I've been boxing now for about three years.

And for me, it's like, I don't learn anything, quote unquote, new in boxing. It's just new ways of how I approach that same thing. You know, it's the difference between someone like anyone can throw a jab, like you can literally throw a jab right now.

And it'll probably be 80, 90% of how you throw a jab. But if you look at Floyd Mayweather, who's practiced jabs thousands of times, he is jab is insanely fast, powerful, and will hurt you severely if you get hit by it. But the only difference here is that they took the knowledge they already have and just kept applying it over and over and over.

And that's where a lot of like my students that scaled significantly is that they block everything else out and just focus on the actions that I'm doing. And then boom, they scale. It's the few students who maybe they don't see success in day one, which I'll show you guys a video in that a little bit where they don't see success in day one and then immediately get discouraged and immediately go try to find something new.

And they just keep failing at things because they're not locking in and focusing on that. Next thing product. I don't have control over your product.

There's students that literally will come in the inner circle program and I'll tell them, Hey, bro, you need a new product. This sucks. Like very fast off.

And there's a lot of clients that we turn down going into the agency because their product sucks. And I don't have control over your product. I don't teach people how to find a product in scale.

I don't teach people how to do product research. I don't teach people how to talk to manufacturers. My objective here is that you already have a product.

I'm going to teach you the best practices to run your Facebook ads, the best practices to understand these marketing fundamentals, to create Facebook ads that convert. But at the end of the day, if your product is trash and I go over that in like one of the first couple of lessons in the course, you're not going to scale. And that's also why I don't promise people like, I don't, I don't really do any like lifestyle marketing.

Someone made a comment that I do lifestyle marketing. I'm like, bro. Yes.

I bought a Lamborghini. Yes. I have a video on my channel buying Lamborghini, but I have one video on my YouTube channel I've made with the Lamborghini since I've bought it.

And honestly, it's one of my lowest viewing videos. I don't do quote unquote lifestyle marketing here. I'm not trying to sell to people that want to get into business.

I'm here to sell to people that are already in business and they want to learn that 90 to a hundred percent. They already know 90% of things. I'm trying to close that gap right there.

You know, it's like in the beginning, if someone wants to start a business, I would then teach them about how to set up a Facebook ad account. But like, you know, now for the people that I'm talking to, the conversations are like, you know, how to tweak a hook to make it pull more people, how to improve a landing page to build more trust with a customer before they buy. I'm talking about more specific things that are not related to quote unquote lifestyle marketing.

So, um, yeah, so product, and then also to expectations of how we're approaching things. And that's why I don't sell you guys like, Oh, sorry, Facebook ads agency. You make a fuckload of money, buy a Lamborghini, blah, blah, blah.

I don't, I don't do any of that. And then same thing here. I teach you the best practices, but I can't do it for you.

So same thing here. It's like with the Floyd Mayweather example where, you know, I'll teach you the exam, I'll teach you the best practices. And what'll often happen is that people go through the whole course.

They'll learn the best practice. They'll go apply it once. And then they think they know it and they go try to find something new.

And then that's where a lot of people mess up. It's like they overestimate the fundamentals and under, or I guess you could say under underestimate, underestimate the fundamentals and think that they constantly go try to find something new. Whereas if they just keep putting more pressure on it and keep improving and tweaking those little things and putting the reps in daily, that's all my successful students.

That's what they do. Like the people that are on the videos, Oh, next same video over and over and over. I'm like, bro, like literally, this is what we're doing to hit million dollar months.

And I'm trying to simply show you all that it's like the whole like desire for search for something new. It's like, that's what's killing you. And honestly, the people that are constantly like, I need new, new, new, new.

Those are the people that are always doing the worse because they're not applying what they're learning and really taking their time and stuff like that. So, and then also too, it's like, I can teach you how to write hooks. I can teach you how to do market research.

I can teach you the golden principles, all of this, but it's still up to you. Go take action. There's still, you know, there's a saying where in, um, business where it's like anything that can be delegated to a client can be fucked up.

And while I try to teach you all the best practices and all the key things there, there's still that room for error on that person's side right there. Next thing is get rich quick. Anyone who thinks they're going to get rich quick in my course, like, first off, that's why I stay away from that marketing.

I don't appeal to that marketing at all because yeah, like Facebook ads is not a get rich quick thing. Trust me. It's significantly faster than a lot of things, but if you want to get rich quick, gamble your way with crypto coins, like, and hopefully you make a successful one before you go broke.

Facebook ads is not a get rich quick thing. And like, I'll show you an example real quick. This particular account right here, it took us about three months to take it from zero to 30 K a month.

The first month and a half, two months, we were at a hundred dollar cost per acquisition and we needed to get down to 30 and month three, we were able to go from a hundred to a $30 cost per acquisition because we found new creatives. It's literally proof in the pudding that like all of my stuff works. I have so many case studies on my channel that my stuff works and, but it's more from an expectation of time perspective.

People think all they take next course next week, they're doing a hundred K a month or a million dollars a month. And that's so far from the truth. It's I'm teaching the best practices and now it's taking time to put these things in play to actually see that result at the end right there.

And this goes with the agency side. This goes with students, all of those good things there. I know we have a lot of agency clients that will come to me and say, Hey, like, look, you know, how fast can we sell to a million dollars a month?

And it's like, well, look, we've got some clients that we've hit a million dollars a month in the first 30 days. And there's some clients that took six months. I can't really give you an, I, uh, Hey by this date, but it's more of just like, here's all the things that needs to happen for that to be correct.

You know, we need to make sure that inventory and supply is good. We need to find that winning angle as fast as possible. We need to be able to do all of these things for that to work, to scale as fast as possible.

And that's where a lot of people struggle at is that patience aspect. And they don't see that results immediately and they move on. And then that's where I'll be, Hey, a refund dispute or like a Reddit post, like I posted above.

So look, I don't want to keep carrying on this video too much longer, but, uh, hopefully this was a, you know, cool video for you guys. And again, and my whole goal here was just to try to like bring some transparency to my education business, my agency and everything like that. Purely just to like, I don't know, I don't really see any other gurus pulling up their Stripe dashboard and showing y'all like, you know, screenshots of like refunds, disputes and stuff like that.

And being very honest about their numbers. And that's my whole goal with today's video is just to be honest with my numbers and allow you to understand your own risk. And also to understand, allow you to make your own educated decision with whether whatever person you decide to go through to either work with my agency or any of my info products and stuff like that.

And hopefully with the numbers being shown that allows you to make your decision either with me or if not, and that's totally fine if you without or not, you know, I have plenty of YouTube content completely for free that I know helps people scale. So thank you all so much for watching. Hope you all enjoyed this video.

Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. So guys later. Peace.