Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be taking a look at Jarvis AI. This is something that was pushed very heavily in the last, I don't know, say six months and the spawn and the creation of these copywriting tools that are kind of computer augmented like, you know, custom like robots doing copy for you. It's just been insane to wrap my mind around it and I wanted to go out there and just try it out and see what it's like and I've been using it now for about two weeks across some of our brands and we do still have a copywriter in-house so I wanted to test it out and just see what it's like and see if it's something worth for you guys to actually dabble into.

So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video. So this is Jarvis.

Again, if you don't know what Jarvis AI is, you can go over to their website, Jarvis.ai. Again, this video isn't sponsored at all. This is purely just me sharing with you guys a cool tool.

If I can find an affiliate link, I'll probably put it below. Only thing you're doing is supporting me for the content on this channel. That's only if you choose to buy it, like that's totally up to you, but it's $50 a month, I believe, or two of them is $29 to $59 a month plan.

And it also starts with how many words it generates for you. I'm honestly not sure where I'm even at right now in terms of how many words, but yeah, I'm on the $59 a month plan. And I just want to try to give it as like a biggest kind of like test essentially.

So, but basically what it is, is it's a computer software that literally scavenges the internet and creates copy for you. And apparently with this, it's supposedly kind of like grammar, not necessarily grammar check, because there's some grammar problems here and there, but plagiarism, which is huge. Like you don't want to like a robot writing copy for you and it's simply just copying and pasting copy from other websites.

Cause that's huge right there. So that's something very important right there. And it looks like the plagiarism checker is only for the $59 a month plan.

So something to look about, look at that, but yeah. And they have a lot of really cool stuff in here. So let's start pulling it apart and just kind of show you guys what's going on.

So I have only been using honestly, these two Facebook ad primary texts and Facebook ad headline. I haven't really explored into anything else yet. Um, but these are probably the two that I would say 95% of people watching this channel would use.

And there's a lot of other cool stuff in here. Again, more stuff you would have to kind of test on your own and stuff like that, but there's YouTube video scripts, video titles, video descriptions, all that good stuff. Let's see.

Engaging questions, primary text, sentence expander, explain it to a child, make something easier to read. That's very important product descriptions. So yeah.

So let's say we are want to write some copy. So like, let's actually put this to test. So let's see.

I've been using a lot of Kinsey, Kinsey hair removal. I've been doing a lot of research around this for another brand we're working with. Um, we're working with a laser hair removal brand, but I don't want to, uh, showcase that brands.

I'm going to use Kinsey as an example right here. Uh, this thing's like the third or fourth time I've referenced either Kinsey or Rose Skin Co. So sorry, their shit's good.

Their creative's good. So let's say we have a laser hair removal, um, product. Okay.

So first thing we need to do is get a really good product description. So let's just do right here at home. IPL let's do at IPL at home IP by Kinsey.

Okay. So it can kind of give you examples of like how to kind of start your process essentially, uh, exactly how to like, like what to write out. So like gym software that helps gym owners manage their gym with less stress and make more money.

So you can't just be like IPL, like you need to have somewhat of an understanding of your product and how your product, uh, like how your product actually solves pain points and gets people to their, um, desires they want to get. So you still need to do audience research on your product. So that way you can get a really good kind of sense of not necessarily like the copy needs to be, but you can provide the robots essentially, um, with the better outputs.

So it's kind of like machine learning, what it's literally what this is, it's machine learning. So you want to go ahead and get a really good, rich description of your product that you put together and then you'll output that. So like you, there's still some level of copywriting here.

So it can't just be completely just like, Hey, you're in all be all, but it helps out with pulling things together. So let's just do at home laser hair removal using an IPL by Kenzie save no more expensive laser appointments that save time and money. Girls can use this from the comfort of their own home and no longer have to worry about privacy.

Okay. And then say goodbye to shaving. Okay.

So I basically just went ahead and like, say, for example, I did a bunch of research on this product. I basically just filled out a bunch of things I've seen the benefits to it and the results they want. Okay.

Good consumer wants. So that way I'm just kind of giving the system, like the machine, a little bit of information about the product and kind of the tone of voice and stuff like that. And speaking of tone and voice, there's also a great place right here to where you can actually kind of steer the copy in a specific tone of voice.

So I'm not going to put anything. So let the system do whatever it wants, but I'm going to go ahead and hit generate AI content. And I can also control how many outputs I want.

So let's say if I want one, let's say I want three. Let's say if I want 10, I can go all the way up to 10, but we just do three. So I'm going to click this and the machine is going to take what I gave it.

And it's going to create three different variations of a product description that we can use for our website, emails, and social media. So let's see what we get. And again, this is going to be completely unfiltered.

It's just going to give this. Okay, cool. So let's look at the first one.

If you're looking for a way to room hair without having to go to a salon, then the at-home IPL by Kenzie is perfect for you. This device uses laser technology to repair quickly and easily. So you can get back to your day to day with minimal fuss.

Plus it's totally private. No more having to worry about exposing your skin to strangers. Okay.

That's very good actually. And again, it's not perfect. Like there's definitely some things here.

Like if you know anything about IPL, you're not going to go to a salon. You're going to go to like an actual like laser hair doctor. Forgot what it's exactly called.

So like a salon won't necessarily be the best case unless you're going to like plucking and waxing and stuff like that. Then at home, IPL by this laser technology. So like, it's really cool how like it says like this device uses laser technology.

I never said anything about device in this particular, like, like the stuff I gave it to you, gave to the system and it automatically put it in there just due to its own kind of like research essentially. Get back to your day to day with minimal fuss. That's pretty cool.

Plus it's totally private. No more having to worry about exposing your skin to strangers. That's really cool.

It says something about that. When I said girls who just use this from the comfort of their own home and no longer have to worry about privacy. And it's cool how it spun that right there.

Okay. So whether you're a lady likes to keep things neat and tidy downstairs or want someone who just, or someone who just wants to get rid of pesky hair at home IPL by Kinsey is perfect for you. Disconvenient little device gives you.

So again, spelling salon quality laser hair removal in the comfort of your home, no more expensive appointments. It's easier, more affordable than ever to achieve the sleek, smooth look. You've always wanted sleek, smooth and look is extremely big in the result.

This particular, um, like a demographic once, uh, just through, just due to my own research on this particular product. So say goodbye to shaving. Hello to long lasting results, looking for a hair free future.

Oh, I like that. Uh, look no further than Kizzy's at home IPL. This device you can remove unwanted hair IPL, same results in minutes.

Plus her advice to perfect all skins, shave less for more content. Okay, cool. So those are pretty good to be honest.

Like that just helped me a lot in terms of kind of putting things in the, I'm not going to say like it went out there and found all these crazy different things. Like it's actually kind of close to what we initially said, but it basically puts everything that we kind of gave the system in a good contextual order that kind of flows a lot better. Obviously there's some spelling errors.

There's some grammatical errors. There are some things that just kind of like don't really make sense, but you can go in and edit those right there. So without having to go to a laser hair doctor, honestly, I don't even know what it's called.

There you go. And then you can actually edit it. So that way it makes more sense and stuff.

Now let's check out the tone of voice feature. So let's say if we want people angry, I don't know why we would want that, but angry, maybe they're angry. The fact that they have to go to these appointments are angry at the fact that they have hair.

What would anger put like that? Shave your legs and arms and then say goodbye to them for another month. I hope you can get the same results as you would from expensive laser department and the privacy of your own home.

For any girl let go. That's not, don't really say angry, but Hey, interesting. Remove your hair.

Look no further than IPL. This is powerful. The vice can be used in comfort your own.

Okay, cool. So nothing too crazy, honestly, different with the tonal voice. Honestly, nine times out of 10, I'll leave this open and then I'll test it.

Maybe if I'm just trying to get a radically different kind of, um, like if I'm kind of getting the same thing over and over, I'll like just randomly try a different one, like love or something. So now the next thing I wanted to say that we're missing here is that it doesn't really do well with coming up with new angles. And when you're telling Jarvis about the product, you need to kind of have a little hindsight on your angle you want to go after.

So like, for example, right now, I angle that's working well for us. It's December 10th. An angle that's working well for us is by before Christmas.

So, you know, give this to your wife, give this to your girlfriend. And obviously none of that's being displayed right here. So you need to have, be able to kind of put those angles in your product description as well.

So, and that's okay. Cause coming up with angles is really easy. It's articulating that and copy that becomes difficult.

So let's just say, let's dive in right here. Um, this is the perfect gift for your wife or girlfriend. And then, oh, wait, that's true.

We're also on the product description. So let me copy that. I'm going to copy this and then let's go back and I'll actually want to show y'all some of the other templates we got in here.

Let's go back to the dashboard. So let's go Facebook ad primary texts. It's another one.

I was doing IPL, which is you at home laser hair removal. So now this one's more focused. The other one's product description.

This one now is more focused on the aspect of, um, the Facebook text, the ad copy in your ads, uh, wife, grown hate shaven. And they'll put like random URLs in here. These aren't like actual URLs.

They're just like kind of broken, not to say broken URLs, but like URLs that are okay. Essentially. Cool.

And you can kind of see it has a little bit more of that perfect gift for your wife or girlfriend. Cool. So this is the Facebook ad primary texts.

Um, I want to actually go back. I want to try and move through this pretty quickly, show y'all some other stuff. Let's say we got our headline.

We got our texts. Now let me do this and boom. And now we're going to do a Facebook ad headline, different headlines.

We can do easy, safe, and painless. I like that. Say goodbye to shaving.

My wife is going to love this. Honestly, it doesn't really do much. And you can also rate different ones.

So like this was a poor completion as in like, okay, Hey, it's not really great. Um, easy, safe and painless. Okay.

I like that. I like that. And in a way it's training the algorithm to better work around your product.

If that makes sense. Are you fed up with shaving? Got hair amazing at home.

IPL hair removal works with just one session. Now, again, like this particular device takes about 12 weeks before you start seeing major, um, differences. So you be careful with the copy because obviously you don't want to just, Oh, Hey, Jarvis said it.

Like I can use it, like have some sense in the winch in the way that you kind of use this, um, got hair. Are you fed up with shaving? So, and I mean, you can sit her all day and just roll through these.

Don't spend hundreds at a time, hundreds at a time, getting your legs, wax, wax them to comfort your own home. Again, doesn't really work contextually because it's an IPL. It's not a wax.

Don't spend hundreds at a time, getting your legs waxed. That could be an angle, but then wax them in your comfort in your own home. That doesn't work.

Um, you could definitely kind of change that or just manipulate that in a way, get smoother skin now in a way it could work. So, but yeah, so this is, uh, I mean, I could see her all day and go through things, but Jarvis Jarvis, I think is a really great tool. Now I want to go down more of the route of where is this applicable in your business.

So obviously you could see right there, some of that stuff would just wasn't, I wouldn't just copy it and paste it into a Facebook ad. If that makes sense. I wouldn't just copy it and put that as your product description.

So what I do encourage you in where I find this work really amazing. And I've seen a lot of other copywriters say the same thing. It works as a great tool to get the creative juices flowing.

And I did a lot of copy over the last two weeks just to help out my copywriter and the team. And this tool has sped up the process by 10 X because now I can just go do some audience research, figure out the pain points, figure out the benefits or like the results they want. I can put all of that into Jarvis and it'll start spitting out a bunch of different copy variations for me that can take that and then start examining those and breaking them apart.

And usually that's what is the copywriting process. I go do a bunch of audience research. I sit down and I start writing a whole bunch of different variations of stuff.

I'll write down like three pages worth of things. And then I'll start pulling things I like and then mix, match them together to make some nice ad copy. And with Jarvis, it basically cuts that process that takes a few hours and puts that down to a few minutes.

So now where I have a whole bunch of ideas and now I'm getting the creative juices flowing. So now it's improving my time efficiency of which I'm getting work done. So I look at this as more of a tool to really improve your efficiency.

If you struggle with putting things together, like that's a big thing. But I definitely think you still need a strong, like if you take anything away from this before you start using Jarvis, you definitely still need a strong research method. So I do a lot of my research by watching YouTube videos on a product.

So like say for example, it's Kinsey right here getting, we're working for brands similar to this. And I spent a lot of time watching YouTube videos of what people are saying about the product, what their pain points were, what the comments were saying, what the Amazon reviews were, what the on website reviews were with the Instagram comments. Like I spent a lot of time just kind of really plucking out the things that seem to be repetitive and that a lot of people are struggling with and also what a lot of people want.

So you definitely need to still do the research process, but if you could take all of that, put it into Jarvis that next few hours of just putting the random things together to start to like get the copy process flowing, Jarvis will cut that down into a few minutes versus a few hours. So that's where I really see Jarvis excel at in terms of, you know, improving your process. And for $50 a month, I think it's well worth it.

You can go like adsombies.com and you can pick up a piece of a Facebook ad copy for $50 for one ad. So, and you might test five or six of those every month, whereas you pay $50 for this and have a few, I don't know, maybe five or six every single week. So like there's definitely some pros and cons to it.

I definitely think this works good for the people that wants it like done with you. Essentially, it's just kind of like works with you where it's not a done for you and it's not a do it yourself completely. So I think that's where it fits at.

It's our agency. Like we're loving it. I think it's a really great creative tool that can really help you with getting more creative, putting things together and coming up with new ideas and just shorten that time that it takes to get those things done together.

So that's my kind of review of Jarvis. Again, I'm still kind of using this. So like, I don't really have a full like complex review of it, but I definitely highly recommend you picking it up, using it for your brand, especially if you're doing a lot of copy.

And especially if you're someone that just kind of struggles or it gets that creative roadblock sometimes and just wants that extra help in the kitchen, highly recommend it. Now that being said, guys, if you are an e-com business owner doing at least $25,000 per month in revenue, make sure you click the link below to book call with me and my team. We'll hop on a call with you and we'll go over your strategy and how we can help you scale to six or seven figures a month with your brand.

Like we've done for multiple other brands. You can take the strategy, you can run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose after the call. So again, click the link below to book that call with us.

Yeah. And if you're doing less than that, just keep following the channel because we keep pushing out some amazing content on here. So make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'm curious of what you guys think of Jarvis. So make sure you comment below of your opinion on Jarvis, what you kind of think about it. How could you use that inside of your business?

And what do you think will help you out in any way? Thank you guys so much for watching the channel. Again, my name is Nick Therrio.

Hope you guys have a great day. Talk to you guys soon. Peace.