What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we'll be discussing the positions I recommend hiring out inside your e-com business that can drastically affect your performance with ads, your scaling, marketing, and all that fun stuff of what's the core positions you need to really hit that goal of six figures a month, seven figures a month, and the people you're going to need on your team to really get there. So with that being said, before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Let's dive into it. So every time, you know, as you grow your business, you're basically going to start getting a lot more hammered with a workload, especially if you're an e-com owner, you know, likely from zero to like $10,000 a month, you could pretty much do a lot yourself, but from $10,000 a month to $25,000 a month is really the part of where it's starting to become, you know, really tedious to, you know, there's so much moving on and you're spread really thin across everything. And you're actually going to start to see negative impacts in your business because you're trying to scale.

But the problem is you're trying to scale and you're still trying to do everything yourself. So you're going to start needing to add more people into your business. Now, look, honestly, the easiest route, you work with an agency that can do like three out of these five positions and then the other two hire a photographer and videographer, et cetera, and you crush it.

Now, let's just say you're trying to do everything yourself. Now work with an agency, you're trying to build out your own e-com business, your own marketing ecosystem side within your business and proper systems and stuff like that. So nine times out of 10, the owners I'm talking to, they're running the ads themselves.

They're creating the ads themselves. They're writing the copy. They're sending out the email campaigns.

They're planning their marketing calendar out and all that good stuff. And what essentially happens is, like I said, they get very overwhelmed and they're not really doing any key position good or great. There's kind of all over the place essentially.

And what happens is, is things start to fall back. You start to see results on ads not be as good as they used to be. You start to see these little, little things that just start because, you know, they're little things, but I like to picture that like, like a tree, you know, tree limb or something like that on their big brick wall.

And like, it's little at the bottom, but the top, it's like a big bend in like a brick wall. So these little things create bigger impacts inside the business. Now, what I'm getting to is now that, you know, you need to start outsourcing, it's where do you start?

What's the people I need to hire? Maybe can I outsource? Maybe, you know, what can I do?

So I'm going to give you probably the ultimate guide here. So first things first is you need to look at here's the core activities around running advertising campaigns. Obviously you have your media buying side.

Your media buying side is going inside the ads manager, adjusting budgets, creating campaigns, allocating spin, looking at ads, what's working, what's not working. And then, you know, creating new ads and stuff. So there's that particular side, the media buying side.

Then there's the strategists and the strategist is like the team leader. This is going to be likely the position you'll probably outsource years to come. It's the last position.

It's the most, you know, it's, it's, it's the highest level position inside of that, that particular area. This is the person that's working on the marketing calendar, planning campaigns, planning content, really digging deep into the type of angles and stuff. We want to test out creative.

We want to test and stuff. And it's basically calling the shots amongst the team. So you have that strategist position.

Then you have your video editor, your photo editor. These are people that just know how to do premiere really well. They're very creative.

They know how to do Photoshop really well. So it's your video editor slash photo creator. And then you have your actual photographer slash videographer.

This specific person obviously can do everything with a camera that creates some cool videos for you, take some cool pictures for you. And this is very much needed because obviously you need content for your platforms, for your media buyer, for your editing team and everything like that to actually put together and create some really cultivating ads and stuff with it. Now, the next thing in the last piece of the puzzle is the copywriter.

And it's something that I think a lot of people miss out on. They overlook is a really great copywriter on the team because there is so much copy between ad copy, website, copy, email copy. You might send out five email campaigns in a week and you're going to have five different, you know, you copy for all that subject lines, preview lines, and it becomes very, very tedious to do really great copy.

And most e-com business owners aren't good copywriters. They're simply just great business owners. So now when you look at all those positions, which ones do you need to start to outsource?

So I have two rules for outsourcing. I want to outsource the lowest income activities. So video editing, photo editing, that stuff that it takes a lot of time and it's a very low income activity.

It's not something that I'm going to get paid for a lot for. So photo editing and video editing is really something I like to hire. Hire a good photo editor, someone that's really great in photo editing and video editing, specifically skilled with the Adobe Premiere suite or Adobe suite that has Premiere, After Effects and Photoshop, really good at creating some good motion graphics and stuff, and has a history with working with ads.

That is why I like to use nolimitcreatives.com. This is literally, you pay 800 bucks a month and you get like probably unlimited ads per month of video iterations, graphic iterations. These people specify specifically are very skilled with Facebook ads and paid advertising.

So they have that perfect mindset for it. So I highly recommend using nolimitcreatives.com. Absolute game changer.

We use this for agency with multiple different clients and they help a lot with all of our needs. For that particular area. So you need a team like that.

You need to put that together, whether it's, you know, using a service like nolimitcreatives.com that can merge into your Asana and fit your communication very well. Or if you're hiring, you know, a buddy of yours, some grad student, just got off film school, stuff like that. Just like I said, you need to know they're specifically skilled in Premiere and After Effects, motion graphics and stuff.

Do not try to teach someone how to do this or it's just a pain for you. So that skill, that's position number one. Now, number two, number two, you really need to look at is a great photographer and videographer.

This is someone, again, they could be both. They don't necessarily need to be a solid photographer and a solid videographer. This is someone that can be good at both right there.

That can really just focus on putting together, grabbing models for shoots that can literally set up scene locations and stuff. So like, let's say for example, on a gym wear brand, this person would literally grab a few clothes that I want to, you know, basically like take photos off and videos off, get the models, go to a gym, schedule the gym, schedule location, all that good stuff, and literally go ahead and do that full video and photo shoot. And what's going to happen is you're going to start having consistent stream of content now because you're out of the way and that person can just work on a daily basis on creating some really amazing content for you.

Now, you're still as the strategist, is then you're going to steer the ship in terms of, hey, we need to do like a gym shoot. Okay, cool. He'll do all the logistical details and the minute acute details that go into a great gym shoot.

So, you know, that's just something else right there. You don't want to just let them run and like, all right, go higher, whatever, do whatever you need to do, just get the content done because what's going to happen is, is likely you're not going to get what you want. So, you still need to have a little bit of steering them direction essentially for where you want to go.

But you need a great videographer and photographer slash photographer on your team that can put together and really shoot. Very skilled for like a DSLR camera, has a good extensive background in product slash videography or product photography slash videography, has some pretty cool, you know, examples of work they've done and can replicate these style of ads you create. So, if they can't even replicate it, then that's definitely not going to be a good fit because again, you're just not someone you can really train because you need to be focused on what you're doing and they need to own their position.

Now, the next person to hire is the copywriter. And so, now you have this very good stream of content. You're getting all your ads created.

So, that's going to take off a heavy load, maybe 20 to 30 hours a week off of your plate. But now, hey, let's ramp up our email marketing. Let's start testing, you know, three to six new copies a week.

We're going to start really focusing in that area. Let's make sure our website copy all looks good. Let's get like some social media posts on a daily basis.

And we need a copywriter, a really good copywriter. Now, there's a few services you can use. You can use like Ad Zombies, which I highly recommend Ad Zombies for people who just need a few Facebook ads here and there, maybe three to four a week.

That's it. But when you want a copywriter for the full brand, that's going to be completely different. It's going to look completely different than just like a service.

So, if you use like a service like Ad Zombies, you can go online for like 50 bucks, you can get a Facebook ad writ for you. Here's the problem though. That's going to be a great service.

But the problem is, is they're going to write that for you. And yeah, cool. Move on.

If we get a copywriter for the brand that understands the brand, that understands the brand image and stuff. And I don't recommend getting this to this stage until you're probably like 30 to 40, 50K a month, you know, in like revenue, because this is where it's really going to be more extensive, essentially. So, get your copywriter.

I can really understand your brand. One of our clients that did, you know, literally scaled them up from negative on ads to 2.3 million in 15 months. They had a dedicated copywriter, did all their social media posts, copy for emails, headlines, all that good stuff.

And the copy stayed consistent throughout the life cycle of their brand due to having one copywriter swing at all. It really understood the language of their ideal customer. So, copywriter works really well.

Again, you probably find a part-time copywriter, maybe work 10 to 20 hours a week. You can use like Upwork and Fiverr.com to find like a VA. Onlinejobs.ph as well.

It's a really great place to find, you know, some like virtual assistants as well. But you could also too, just find a girl, guy, just got out of marketing school. That's really heavily reliant on copywriting.

And that can slowly kind of turn into a copywriting master that has some level experience, some deep level of desire to grow in that, just kind of get as a starting point. So, again, let them write a few pieces for you. If it's better than what you can do, then that's likely going to be a good route to at least start to venture into.

So, now that you have content coming your way, you have copy coming your way and stuff, you have some good creatives and stuff coming your way, thanks to the post production team. Now, the last thing is the media buying itself. Likely at this point, you've probably been working on Facebook ads specifically.

You've probably scaled up anywhere from $50,000 to $100,000 per month in revenue. Honestly, with that amount of team, yes, you're easily doing 100K a month in revenue. But now it's starting to get a little overwhelming.

You're overseeing all these different operational key points and stuff. You have product development. You have new product development.

You're optimizing customer experience and stuff. You're handling support. There's a lot of different moving parts.

And honestly, worrying about a CBO or ABO campaign needs to be the last of your worry. So, this is when I recommend buying or getting a good media buyer on your team. Preferably, this person could be good with Facebook ads, Pinterest ads, Google ads, YouTube ads, TikTok ads, and stuff.

And as well as even some email marketing. And what's going to happen here, and look, I know I just used email marketing and Facebook ads in the same sequence. And just give me a second to explain that.

So, a media buyer's core role is to take the creative and take the copy you give him slash her and deploy that using these ad algorithms and ad platforms. And a lot of brand owners have this misconception that a media buyer is just going to come on their team and literally go ahead and create all this amazing copy ads and all that form, which is not the case. If you provide them the amazing creative, the amazing copy and stuff, they can excel at what they do.

Media buyers itself are actually very good, logical people. They're very analytical and stuff like that. So, having them as a creative, it's a very poor use of their talents.

Media buyers provide really good, like I said, logical stuff. They're very good at adjusting budgets and scaling ad sets and stuff and operating across large numbers, across different platforms and stuff. And that's going to help you, like I said, really scale from that 100K, maybe 500K month mark, or you have a dedicated person focused on that.

I do not recommend going with an agency. I recommend actually bringing on a media buyer full time. Do not use an agency for this specific position.

Again, unless you're working with an agency that can handle all of that, we do that for a lot of our clients because we take the burden of hiring all these positions off for our clients. So, that way, you know, we can excel in that particular area. So, you have to understand when you're working with an agency.

Are they're media buyers? Are they're actual, like, a true e-com agency? Understand those deliverables.

But we recommend having a dedicated person that lives and breathes media buying on your team every day. Now, lastly, the strategist role. This person will be literally called, like, head of marketing for your brand.

And this is the last hat you will wear. And this will take a long, long time before you finally remove this hat. But again, your strategist role, you want to keep your marketing calendar nice and neat and detailed and planned out.

You want to ensure your creative team is creating all the assets and stuff needed for the media buyer. And honestly, keep all those people in touch. So, that way, they can also reach out to each other as well.

Make sure the copywriter is giving all the copy they need for the media buyer. Ads are going to the media buyer. The media buyer is deploying that across email marketing, Instagram, TikTok, social media, and stuff like that.

Now, you have a well-organized team that's highly scalable and that can really chug away at any project you throw at them. And now, instead of working 50, 60 hours a week, so just the marketing side of your business, you can really work only two, three hours a week of what they need to focus on. So, that is pretty much the key positions you need to hire as you grow and scale your e-com brand.

Now, I know that's a lot. And that's why we cover about three-fourths of those positions with my agency. We have copywriters on our team, creative post-production team.

We get a lot of creative content done for our clients. And as well, on top of all of that, we've helped multiple brands scale to six and seven figures using Facebook ads and cross-channel paid traffic. So, and then you get the best of it all.

Me, which is, I pretty much drive my team as a strategist, essentially. And we come in and basically come on like a turbocharger on a car to really grow and explode a business. So, if you would love to have a chat with us, make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team.

We'll hop on a call, kind of discuss your business and stuff, and see if you'd be a good fit to work with this. We'll even put a plan together for your business, and you can take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with this if you would like. So, again, just click the link below in the description to, you know, book that call.

Well, guys, that is about it for today's video. A little bit different video, but it's definitely something I really wanted to cover as I deal a lot with this with my clients. Now, if you're new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you enjoyed this video, make sure you smash the like button. My guys, my name is Nick Stereo. Hope you enjoyed this video.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.