After scaling multiple e-com clients to million dollar months, these are the only metrics I focus on. Starting off with number one, CPA. This is your cost to acquire a customer.

And there's a few different ways we can manipulate that cost to acquire a customer. The first way and the easiest way is your ad account structure. Like in this particular case study right here, where we drop CPA from $125 all the way down to $55 by simply just reducing all the different campaigns down to one single CBO.

The second way to lower your CPA is by focusing on creatives. There's different types of messaging and different types of visuals that we can use to attract our ideal customer and get them to buy. There's different emotional responses.

There's different desires across the marketplace. There's different objections and beliefs that we need to overcome. There's a lot of different messaging and we can use in these creatives to get these people to convert.

We had one particular client that we literally scaled to a million dollars a month from 100k a month by just simply finding a totally new messaging that they've never tried before inside of their ad account. Now, the third way to lower CPA is by focusing on new funnels. This is where we're building a whole new sales funnel for business.

For example, there's advertorials, there's listicles, there's VSLs, and there's long form sales pages. And what we'll do is we'll pick one of these. We'll build out the whole funnel and then we'll build out a set of creatives specifically for that funnel.

We're not doing a B test right here, but we'll get into that in a second. But we're focusing more on this whole new sales mechanisms for the business. And now that we're talking about a B testing, that is the fourth way we can actually lower CPA is by doing more a CRO approach or a B testing different product pages, different elements on the page.

Typically, us as an agency, we don't typically do this. We just refer people off to the CRO. We do build sales funnels for clients, but the more nitty gritty of like tiny little tweaks and stuff like that, it just adds a little too much on our plate.

So we always forward this off to a dedicated CRO agency. We will identify with the client any major problems on their product page and help them get that fixed. But once all those are fixed and further ongoing testing from like an like smaller A B tweaks and stuff like that, we always refer a client to a CRO agency for that.

And in the fifth way and final way to lower CPA for a client as testing different offers. An offer for me is not just, hey, 10% off, 50% off. This is everything.

This is the price of the product. This is the bonus add ons you get when you buy the product. This is the discount or dollar amount off or buy to get one free or some type of bundle deal.

That's everything that goes into the offer. And I've seen some really great case studies as well by just simply changing the offer. And I've seen some really great decreases in CPA here.

Now, if we can acquire customers for less and spend more, it's an easy way to scale to million dollar months. But what happens when we can't lower our CPA? This is when we then go and start to focus on AOV, which is the second main metric we look at when scaling a client to million dollar months.

This is how much someone spends when they place an order on our site. And we have four different ways we manipulate that AOV to increase it to where people spend more when they come to the store. The very first way is bundles.

Let's say, for example, we sell a product where there's a very high likelihood they'll purchase multiple. Let's say, for example, it's like an energy drink. They can purchase one drink by itself or they can purchase a six pack or a 12 pack or a 24 pack or maybe a couple gallons of it.

These are different bundle deals. And obviously, the more you buy, the bigger of a discount you get. Now, the next one is frequently bought together.

And Amazon is a master at this. If you go to Amazon, pretty much click on any product and scroll down, you'll see frequently bought together. And all you're doing is placing two other products that have a high likelihood of people will buy with your current product to where it increases that overall AOV.

Let's say you sell basic black T-shirts and then you have like a white shirt and then a gray shirt and a green shirt. All you would simply do is you're frequently bought together where you have like a black shirt, a white shirt and a green shirt. And then you can buy all three together at a slightly lower price than buying each one separately.

Now, the third way to increase AOV is in cart upsells. This is where when people click add to cart, there'll be some in cart upsells. A very common one is shipping protection.

Another one is priority order processing. Some other ones right here would be like, let's say, for example, you sell a vacuum cleaner and you want to upsell like the different filters for it. It's almost like if you go to a gas station and it's the basically all those little like candy bars and different snacks and stuff like that.

When you walk up to cash register, that's basically what this is right here. Now, the fourth way to increase AOV is with post purchase upsells. People come to your store, they add to cart, they buy and immediately after they buy, this is where they're hit with other things to buy.

This works very well, especially if you're running like a sales funnel type approach where at the end, this is where you can push bundle deals of the same product or you can do like different bundles of various other products itself. You also might have high ticket upsells here. Great opportunity.

Someone just spent a bunch of money with you. Let's offer them a high ticket upsell and a low ticket upsell. Always recommend two upsells, one high ticket, one low ticket.

High ticket could literally be five to 10 X, whatever price they just spent with you. And the low ticket could be literally five to 10 X of whatever that product was initially they bought as well. And here, this is the final way to increase AOV.

Now, if you can't lower CPA, you can't increase AOV. The last and final metric I focus on is LTV, which is how much people will spend with you after they've already bought from you once. This is the customer value that what a customer's worth to you after they've already ordered from your store.

Let me ask you a question. If you would literally go turn off your ads right now, would your store survive? Would you continue to get sales or would it literally go to zero?

If it would literally go to zero, then you need to improve your LTV. All of our clients that's hit million dollar months in the e-commerce space have had at least 30 to 40% of their revenue on a monthly basis come from returning customers, which is your LTV. Now, LTV does take a lot more thinking and it is a longer term approach.

It's not as quick as CPA and AOV, but it's the third and final thing that we'd like to apply pressure to to help improve scalability for a store. This is where I like to start looking at the brand purpose, not necessarily the purpose of making money, but the long term purpose of this brand in the marketplace. This is the desire or problem the brand will continue to solve over and over again with new products they release.

A great example of this is Chemical Guys. They started off with one or two detailing products to help people clean cars, and now they have hundreds of different products to help people clean their cars. Their overall purpose in the marketplace is making detailing cars easy for people, and they do this through all of these different products they create for people.

This is also where the dark side of their sales mechanism comes into play, because instead of just one detailing product to clean like five different surfaces in the car, they went to the approach of, hey, let's give them one product. But now let's focus on five unique products for each of those different surfaces. So instead of a all purpose cleaner that cleans carpet, plastics, tires, wheels, now they have a leather specific cleaner, a plastic specific cleaner, a tire specific cleaner, a wheel specific cleaner.

You get the point there. And they have different chemicals, different brushes, different buckets, different merch, different higher end products like polishers for cars, high end waxes, multiple different types of waxes, color specific wax. All of these different products that people can come in and nerd out on.

But the overall theme is, yes, we're making it easy for people by having these specific products, but also in a weird way, it does kind of make it more complex because then you have to sort through all of these different products. But it's also very easy, though, because it's like, hey, I need a tire cleaner. Boom, need a plastic cleaner.

Boom, have a red car. Here's a red car wax. But again, their LTV is going to be through the roof compared to if they were just selling one or two products that were all purpose for everything.

So you have to look at what your long term brand in place, what your long term purpose in the business, in the marketplace, and what's that problem or desire going to continue to solve over and over again. And obviously, this is where you have to start releasing new products. A great way to release new products.

This is where we'll be hitting on email, SMS, and we always like to run surveys to customers to understand what is it they're continuing to struggle with? What are some other things they may want on the store? Then after we understand that, we'll run surveys with, hey, here's five product ideas for this specific problem you told us you have.

Which one do you like? Then from there, we'll get all that survey data back and then go and build and launch that product. And then we'll roll out a product launch strategy, which is hyping people up for a couple of weeks via email and then dropping the product via email and SMS and getting all of your existing customers to buy.

And we have some clients that literally launch new products every single week. We have some clients that literally launch new products every quarter. Go here is you pick a rhythm that you can stay consistent with.

So if you can launch a new product every week, do that. If you can only launch one new product every quarter, then do that. Just stay consistent with it.

That's the key for success right there. Now, that's the metrics I focus on to scale e-commerce clients to $1 million a month. Let me know if there's any that you believe I missed or ones that you would like to add to this list in the comments below.

If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, my name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out. Peace out.