Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today, I've been exciting with video for you guys. Today, we'll be going over top three of the biggest errors you were making inside of Klaviyo that is hindering your performance with your email marketing. So I brought on a very special guest.

He personally has sent over 15 million emails, has done over $6 million in email attributed revenue. It's not overall revenue, just email specific revenue. And on average, when clients start working with them, sees about a 30% increase in email marketing revenue specifically.

And he's also the founder of Aspect Agency. You can find him on aspectagency.com. I want to welcome you guys, Nikita, to the channel.

And we'll be diving into, like I said, the top three mistakes you're making within your Klaviyo account. So before we get started, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And with that being said, let's dive into the video guys.

Obviously Klaviyo is like probably like the best one. So yeah, I think currently, like I come from the MailChimp days when like MailChimp was first in the market. I've gone through all of them, but like Klaviyo, man, I love Klaviyo.

Yeah. It's just very easy to customize the customer journey, where they're coming from, where they're trying to, where you're trying to, you know, I guess put them like if they're coming in through a welcome sequence, you can easily, you know, send them like 10 emails over the course of 30 days, you know, let them understand what your brand is doing, who you are, where you guys started, throwing a couple sales emails in there. You can also segment people very easily.

Like, yeah, MailChimp is, uh, at this point, if you're looking for specialty in e-com, Klaviyo is the way to do it. MailChimp is just a lot more of a, it's like, think of it like my first like bicycle, you know, that's MailChimp. Like it gets you off the ground.

If you're bootstrapping it, you know, it's the cheapest option, but if you're trying to get actual results and if you're trying to actually segment your audience, Klaviyo is the best way to do it because there you can actually segment users. It's directly partnered with Shopify. So you can see all the first party data come through, uh, like your purchase attribution, et cetera.

And yeah, the campaigns and the deliverability is also great. That's fucking awesome. Yeah.

I love it. I love the, just the fact that you can have SMS and email to it in the, like in it as well. When I tell clients like, Hey, just switch over postscripts, go to Klaviyo for SMS.

And they're like, what? I'm like, yeah, but when everything's together, it's so like good in that perspective, like it's, it's easier to manage. You have more data.

It's everything's in one place. It's easier to find, it's more organized. You're just more efficient overall as a business when you consolidate everything down to just Klaviyo.

So I'll do love that. So going further into it, um, I'll, I'll want to say your name, but I feel like I'm a butcher it when I say it. Is it Nikita?

Dude, you got it right. The last name is where we get tricky, but it's, it's Nikita. Nikita.

Okay. Your last name. I honestly, I can't see it right now.

All right. All right. There we go.

Uh, Vakrush. That's close. It's Vakrushchev.

Yeah. It's Vakrushchev. Got it.

Nikita Vakrushchev. Vakrushchev. Okay.

Yeah. What, what, what country? What, what, that's not England.

That's not USA. No. Um, I'm from Uzbekistan.

It's South of Russia. It's like right next to Kazakhstan. Okay.

So yeah, I moved here when I was eight. I lived in Florida for a while and moved up to Chicago and been here ever since. So yeah, I've come from like a third world country, I guess.

That's pretty awesome. So it's, is it kind of like the, this long tail, like American dream for you? It pretty much is like, you know, hardworking parents that work their ass off from, you know, working minimum wage jobs to now having really great successful careers, you know, raising me with the right values and me being able to start my own business basic, like they walk so I can run.

So it's fantastic. I wouldn't have it any other way. That's awesome.

And what going a little bit more into specifically like what you do. So obviously like, I know you from Twitter, um, did you question, did you ever book a call with me before at one point? And then I had another Nikita, like book a call with me.

And then like, I followed me on Twitter and I want to say, I don't know if it was you or another person, but long story short, we met on Twitter and you're the email and SMS guy, uh, for all y'all who are watching right now, um, email and SMS guys is why I want to bring him on the channel because he has some secret sauce when it comes down to the Klaviyo side, which is very important because I think almost everyone that's watching his channels on Klaviyo in that perspective right there. Um, so tell us a little about what you do, like what's your, you run an agency or your consultant, how do you help people? Yeah, of course I can, I can confirm that wasn't me.

This is my first time with you. So I did not book another call, but I have been following you for a while. I love the channel.

So I have been in the marketing industry since 2016, 2017 had my own drop shipping store. Uh, I wouldn't say drop shipping. That sounds a little scummy, but it's a print on demand store, you know, so, uh, learn the basics there of like Facebook ads, email marketing, et cetera.

Then worked at a local agency here in Chicago, like in the Chicago suburb area, worked there for two years. And then after that decided to do my own thing and opened up, which is now an old agency for RPM media. Now it's defunct.

Now we're aspect. And here we basically specialize in email marketing. Um, we didn't start off with email marketing.

We used to do full funnel, but we eventually landed at email marketing because simply we were just generating the best results for our clients via email. And we're like, why not double down on what we're already good at? So we've been doing this for over two and a half years now with, with an under the new name of aspect.

We have a team of seven people. Now, uh, we're a full, we were a full email marketing agency. We take care of everything and anything from like segmentation, automations, campaigns, uh, pop-ups, SMS, you know, you name it, we do it, um, all in-house with Klaviyo because it's just easy to do everything in one place.

Nice. So aspect is the agency name. Yeah.

And you're the founders or any co-founders too, or is it just you? Okay. And you got a little team of seven.

That's pretty bad-ass. Congratulations on that. And, uh, what I'm assuming this team is kind of like graphic designers, copywriters, your actual like email strategist, not perspective right there.

Yeah. So we have, uh, two designers, one copywriter, one operations person. And then we also have a few people out in the Philippines to help out with the reporting and any other sort of, um, I guess, administrative tasks.

That's awesome. Uh, I like the, I like that. That's one.

I know I've been talking to Ray, uh, with right hook digital and they've been growing their email side of their agency. And I know that's been like a fun process. I've been hearing every week about like his, his kind of journey through it.

And it's, it's cool to see that, um, you know, you could take pretty much any, like the typical agency pod in that perspective as a copywriter, a designer, and then you're, you're specialist, which is like a Facebook ads guy or Google ads guy or an email guy. And it's like, everyone's rocking the same pod structure just with swapping out the guy with Google or Facebook or email and all that side. So, so I'm curious as you've been growing this agency and everything, like, what would you say is probably like the hardest thing with like the system side of it and like the actual, like, um, I would say like separating yourself from the business.

Uh, the biggest thing is, well, number one is client communications. I'm the first person, a client or a future client is going to see. So I guess that, that lays out the foundation of like, well, I'm the owner.

I want to talk to the client or I want to, you know, obviously even part of the sales calls, I'm still learning how to sell and become a better salesperson. Um, so separating my face from the business is very hard, especially since I am also the face of the business that gets all the leads from like Twitter or email, you know, et cetera. So it's kind of hard to do that.

And the second thing is, I guess, from a team's operational standpoint is the, you don't understand or not understand, but you don't, you underestimate the amount of revisions you might have to do. Um, and this is like an 80, 20 again. So like 80% of the clients that we have, you know, they're completely fine right off the bat with all the emails that we design, but there's always that 20% that take up 80% of your time as far as like redoing revisions and all that.

So you don't expect the amount of like back and forth you have to do. So that sometimes throws a, uh, like a wrench in the wheels or a wrench in the machine where, you know, it's like, we've been doing like two or three rounds of revisions for like just the coffee. And it's like, okay, you know, but we do it because we want to make sure that we put out the best emails for our clients or like the best designs that they're happy with.

And that's on brand for them. Nice. Nice.

I love that. Yeah. No, that's like the hardest thing for visions.

And then I think that's probably the hardest thing as like an agency owner, regardless of what space you're in is the revisions, especially what you do with those clients. That's like, Hey, like you have like nine nuts and clients are like, we love your creatives and everything. And then you have that one client that's always like, every time you create something, you're just like shit.

Yep, exactly. So it's, it's finding those perfect clients. So going into the next stages, who is kind of like your clientele?

Like what specifically, like if it's Shopify stores, are you specialized in anything like clothing, fashion or anything like that? Who's kind of like your majority of your clientele? Yeah.

So, I mean, honestly, we're all over the place. Like our main niche is the DTC space, ideally Shopify customers or people that are on Shopify and people that also have Klaviyo. You know, we have a few stores that are on WooCommerce, but they're also on Klaviyo.

Again, don't want to be a huge, you know, Klaviyo evangelist, but like if they're on WooCommerce, it's also just as easy to work with them as it is on Shopify. But, you know, we work with all different types of industries. We work with food and beverage, we work with tech, home, like home medicine supplements, you name it.

I guess the only one that we haven't really dived too deep into is like CBD or anything along those gray areas. But we're slowly looking into that as we start to figure out different processes for those different brands. What's your favorite industry to work with?

Automotive by far. I'm a car guy. So we had a local company here that we managed there at the time, Facebook ads and their email marketing, which they specialize in brake caliper paints.

So the guy was cool. He had a couple of muscle cars. Yeah.

That's an interesting one. Dude, the customer attention on it, as well as the, like the customer base on it is crazy. And the margins are insane for it.

Cause it's just like, it's a kit that you use that to paint your brake calipers by yourself. And it was like an 80% or like a percent margin product. So it was just a really good product.

And the guy had the brand for like 20 years. It was like the biggest name in the industry. Wow.

That's really cool. I never, I mean, I've, I've been the car industry. So like, I understand like what type of like kind of process that goes through if you bring it to a shop and everything.

So like, it's not powder coating, so it's yeah. So I'll say you're going to get like powder coated and everything like that. It's completely different process, but that's cool.

So automotive, yeah, I can see how much fun you would have with that. Um, I know for us, we've been having a lot of fun with supplement brands, um, on the ad side, that's been a lot of fun. So, you know, going further down that rabbit hole, obviously, you know, you kind of work with a variety of kind of different industries and stuff like that.

So everyone who's watching can definitely get some really good value. What we're going to next is obviously you probably talk to a lot of people on a daily basis when it comes down to like, whether they want to work with you or not, you know, are they good fit or not? And I'm sure by now you've kind of picked out your maybe three or four common errors you see in literally every Klaviyo account when you think, okay, hey, yeah, you'd be a good fit because you're not doing flows or, you know, what are, what are some of those like common mistakes you see when you're doing ad account audits on like a daily basis in that perspective?

Yeah, of course. I actually wrote a thread up on this on my Twitter, but I'd say number one is like lack of segmentation. So not enough, not enough clients that we bring on or like when we audit these accounts that we're about to bring on, they just, you know, they have a shotgun approach when it comes to sending these emails out.

They just, you know, they take their full list and they just hit send instead of segmenting their users based on, you know, their gender, their location, maybe sometimes even age range. If you have that data, you can, you can also get that data by setting up your own quizzes. So that's another way we can get data about the customers and segment them further.

But, you know, the more that you segment your list, the better you're going to have, like the better your emails are going to perform because the message is going to be so on point. It's like, you know, if you send out an email, like I love using this example, it's like, you can send out an email that says, Hey, we have this new pizza offer, but the person on your list loves tacos. Like that's clearly there's a disconnect there.

So you want to make sure that your list is segmented properly. Number two is not like the flows that they set up are way too short. I love, I love the welcome flow and the abandoned cart flow and the post purchase flow.

Those are like my top three and the welcome flow for most of our clients is where they make most of their money. Because number one, it's like your first impression with the brand, when it comes down to it, and you want to take advantage of that first impression and educate the customer. Too many of these brands are saying like, sell, sell, sell, you know, we have a discount here, we have a discount there, but they're not doing enough education on the brand side of things and getting the customer familiar and comfortable with the brand, you know, telling them who they are, like how they got started, what makes them special, you know, why do customers love working with them?

All of those things are necessary in order to gain trust with your customers. And then you can slowly start to trickle in like, Hey, you know, here are some, like, I wouldn't say this is a good email, but like, like comparing yourself to competitors, like saying like, Hey, this is why we're better. You know, you've seen the before and after creatives that you set up on, on Facebook.

So it's similar to that, but in more so in an email form, like you can do light selling in there. It also is like, you know, in breakthrough advertising where you have the solution is not the product aware, you could also be just comparing to in terms of like the other product generically too, as well. You know, I think a lot of people, when we talk about that, they're like, Oh, and I need to like directly call other competitors.

Like, no, you can just say that other competitors average 200 milligrams caffeine in a can. We have 300 milligrams for the same price. Yeah.

Like that. Exactly. So you can do like industry leading competitor or whatever.

Um, yeah. So like extending those flows out, some people have like four to five email welcome flows. We do like 10 to 12 because we want to take advantage of that first time visit with the customer and consistently nurture them throughout their journey.

And it's kind of like you're, you're, um, it's like playing a game of like a board game where you show them which path they should take. And that's also another cool thing with Klaviyo because you can, again, segment your users based on which thing they clicked on the email or, um, hyper segment them based on when they open things like that. And you can create your own different paths on email based, like, let's say the, the welcome email had like four different categories in the email scene.

Like if you have like a drinkware company, like one is like coffee, one is active. One is like a backpack for like a water bottle backpack. And depending on which one they click, you can segment them like, okay, they clicked on the water bottle backpack.

You can send them like emails based on like that specific product line. So anyways, that's a whole nother tangent. And we can get into that a little bit later, but I guess the last thing I'd say that they don't, um, like most of these brands don't take advantage of is the design, like having a good design is very hard and it's very hard to, especially if, you know, if you're an e-commerce store owner and you're doing all of the work yourself, you're wearing like 30 different hats, you know, being a designer is just another hat and it's going to be difficult.

Um, so having consistent design with the website or with the branding that you have is like by far the biggest thing that most brands drop the ball on. Meaning like they have a beautiful website, you know, a great facade, but underneath like the actual like infrastructure is like a dungeon, you know, the emails just don't match up. And it's, it's truly like, you know, you see this beautiful website, you click purchase, and then you go on to actually get a post-purchase email.

And it's just like the basic Shopify post-purchase email with like the blue saying like, thank you, here's your order. Yeah, those are rough. Exactly.

So you definitely want to avoid that sort of thing. And all the other things that I mentioned. Love it.

So consistent design, um, lack of selling in your flows and your flows are too short, basically. And segmentation. And I've personally, you know, I'm not an email marketer, but I do audit Klaviyo accounts all the time when we sign on accounts.

So that way I'm like, yo, Hey, you know, like, let me send you over to this client because, you know, he got some shit in his Klaviyo. So we always audit all the time. And I think one of the immediate things that I personally look at as you know, someone outside of Klaviyo is what is the percentage of revenue coming from Klaviyo?

And I'm curious if you have a sweet spot of like, Hey, you should probably be doing about 25 to 30%. Like what's a good ballpark number to be doing like a percentage of your overall revenue from Klaviyo? Yeah, that's a really good question.

It's as you know, in the industry, everyone says it depends, but, um, in here with most DTC brands, it's anywhere between 25 to 35%. That's usually the sweet spot. 30% ideally, uh, like a third of your revenue should be coming from email.

If not, then you got a serious problem on your hands. Um, and usually it's anywhere between the 50, 50 split between campaigns and automations. So the way to think about it is your automations or your campaigns are like, again, go like not meaning shotgun approach, like I mentioned earlier, but it's like a more easier way to get to more people as, um, as efficiently as possible.

Whereas your automations are more like sniping, you know, you, as people come in, they get segmented throughout the different flows that you have and they get those targeted emails based on where they're at in the buying journey. So that's how I like to think about it when it comes to, yeah, well, that's a whole different tangent from the original question, but you get it. Yeah, no, I definitely like that because yeah, like that's probably like one of the easiest ways that I kind of look at brands and just like, do you need help with your email marketing?

And I take a look at their percent of revenue from Klaviyo. It's like 10%. I'm like, yo, yo, yo, we got, we got to boost this up because like you seriously have some room for improvement.

And then I've also seen brands become in already with 25, 35%. I'm like, yeah, you can bring an email marketer on, but it'd be mostly just to provide more consistency because you're sending one email out every so often, you're not doing anything with your flows. So, you know, you're, you're doing a lazy approach to get you good results.

What happens if an expert came in and expanded the results in that perspective right there. So I really liked that. Um, also really love what you said about, you know, again, those, those first three statements and everything about the segmentation, the flows, the consistent design.

And obviously I'm like, okay, cool. You know, I can go ahead and I can start expanding on all of these in my business. Um, but now it's like, okay, do I work with an agency?

Do I, you know, try to do all this myself. And I'm curious if you have any insight around that area. Yeah, of course.

I mean, if, if you're in like, there's two different positions in this, there's one, obviously you're bootstrapping it and cashflow is the most important thing to your business. You're reinvesting it and you can't really afford, uh, like an email marketing agency or, uh, or an agency to take care of any of this stuff in that specific scenario. I would just recommend getting like a, a Canva account and setting up your emails that way, you know, everyone laughs at Canva because it's like the most easiest dumb solution, but it works.

You know, you can make really pretty things with not that much effort. So I would recommend doing that. But if you are in a position where like you're generating 50, 60, 70 and above seven figures or, or above six figures a month in revenue, I would highly recommend having like an actual agency to come in and, you know, audit the account, see what's going on, see where you need improvement.

Cause most of the time, like if you're not handling it, it's being ignored and you're ignoring your customers, which, you know, later falls down to, you know, the top line or bottom line revenue of your company. So, um, when it comes down to like the audit process, you know, it's pretty straightforward. They would just take a look to come up with an action plan and tell you like, okay, we need to fix these things.

This is the priority. Um, and if they're a well-suited agency, they'll tell you like, okay, here are the specific things you're doing wrong and here's how we can fix it. Yeah.

I love that. I definitely recommend going on that route. And especially if you're meeting, you know, the certain probably requirements to as well, for those agencies as well, in terms of like income and everything like that for revenue, um, definitely recommend just going to audit.

Cause like, you'd be surprised what you don't see, like, you don't know what you don't know at the end of the day. And that leads me to, you know, my next question. I know you said you do Klaviyo, you do your email side, but you also said you do your SMS out of Klaviyo.

And I think that's a big misconception. A lot of people I talk to is that you have to have a separate software. So why do you love using SMS inside of Klaviyo?

And do you recommend it? Yeah, 100%. I can't recommend it enough actually, because like you mentioned earlier, it's every, all the data is in one spot.

So all of the different segmentations that you've already done, you can see based on the customer profile. So you can hyper target all of your SMS sends based off of the email sends that you've done. So you can say like, oh, I sent them an email about like these blueberry cupcakes that we're offering.

But, you know, we don't want to, we don't want to resend that, that as an SMS to them. So we can go ahead and suppress them from that SMS or like, hey, we didn't send them this email so we can send them via SMS. So all that stuff is all in Klaviyo and all that data is in Klaviyo.

So it's easy to keep track of your data all in one place. And I think it's a no brainer to use everything. That's like as little, have as little software as possible.

Mm-hmm. I completely agree with you on that. That's probably like the biggest thing I'm always telling like our clients, like, yo, you don't need PostScripts, just jump in Klaviyo.

Like everything's the same, one platform, you'd be more consistent with it. It's all a good plot right there. So yeah.

So going into the final thing, do you have any kind of last words of wisdom for people that are, okay, cool. Like it's just really valuable. You know, I might go start making some tweaks and stuff like that.

Is there anything else that's like, I know some marketers have their own like unique, like mechanism in the perspective of, you know, what makes me great or like, what's my big thing? You know, so do you have anything specifically that like maybe your email marketing agency on or like, you know, your big, you know, why in that sense of, you know, why you can deliver better results than other people or like, yeah, I don't know if you're catching my drift here. Like, you know, what's your big thing when it comes down to email side?

Oh, I'd say like AB testing is like our biggest factor. Like we test a lot of things, coming from a Facebook ads perspective, you know, how much testing goes into it, the headline, the book, the creative, the copy, all of that. And coming from that background, it really helps with email where you can, you know, optimize the send times, optimize the list segmentation, optimize the headlines, the hook, the image that you use, the call to action that you use, all those sorts of things.

That's where we sort of specialize in is the testing, but also the entire setup and having beautiful yet highly converting emails. And you don't really get to those highly converting emails without the testing. So that's kind of like our special thing.

And I guess like as a send off to like the DTC or like the e-com brand owners or marketing managers that are listening to this, if you're creating an email, you got to create it or write it like you're talking to someone else. A lot of these companies come at it as like, we are the brand, you know, which is important. You got to have the brand language on point, but at the same time, you're talking to another person on the other side of the screen.

So keep it, keep it on brand, but also make sure that you understand that you're talking to another person and keep it a little bit personal or use some less corporate language. Okay. I love what you said about make it seem like, you know, you're talking to someone else because there's been plenty of times where I've gotten the big corporate emails and then plenty of times where I got something that seems super tailored to me, which felt really nice in that perspective right there.

So I really liked that. I can't speak, you know, for everyone on here, but I can definitely say that there was definitely some really good value here you dropped and I'm really happy. I can't wait to see, you know, how to help some other people.

And also too, this is where, where can people find you? What's your like agency website and everything like that? Oh yeah, of course.

Best way to find me is at Nikita Vakhrushchev on Twitter. That sounds like I said a bunch of things, but I'll send Nick, Nick, a link to it so he can link or, or whatever you do. Aspectagency.com is the best way to reach us.

It is A-S-P-E-K-T. So it's with aspect with a K instead of a C. Agency.com.

And if you want to see some email training, I've created a video. It's like 20 minutes long that goes over the entire process that we manage for email marketing and you get some value out of it too. It's aspectagency.com slash email.

And there we have a 20 minute training. And that's aspect, A-S-P-E-C agency. No, A-S-P-E-K-T.

It's like, Ah, okay. Yeah. It's like that.

Wow. Okay. That's pretty cool.

Is that like your welcome kit for a client? Yes, sir. We give out sweaty, uh, we can give out hoodies, some candy and, uh, a bottle.

Yo, that is dope. I love that. That is awesome.

Well, Nikita, this was definitely a blast. Um, I definitely think a lot of people will be able to get some really good value from this. And like I said, y'all go check them out.

Aspectagency.com. Go check them out. Um, see how it can help you.

Like I said, do the free audit. And you know, if he can drop some value to you, take it or work with his agency, because obviously he delivers some amazing results for his clients. So if you're struggling with email marketing, go check them out.

Um, Nikita, any last words before we hop off? I mean, I think I try to say as much as possible. If you want to see more, just follow me on Twitter.

That's where I'm most active. Come join us on Twitter. We have a lot of good conversations on Twitter.

Twitter. Twitter is like probably the underrated DTC or like, if you want to learn more than YouTube, definitely come on Twitter. It's ground zero.

There's a lot of really good value on Twitter right now. Um, are you in any like Facebook paid groups for marketing? Uh, not necessarily.

I've been, I was just in a paid Facebook group. It was a paid Slack recently, but, uh, I recently got out of it mainly because we fall into email marketing. Gotcha.

Okay. Yeah. I was in, I was in ad leaks and, you know, Alex like a hundred bucks a month and like Twitter, like no hate on Alex at all.

But Twitter has been like completely free and it delivers even more value than, uh, Alex has ever asked. So, especially if you follow the right people. So it's a really big place.

Come join us on Twitter, have some fun with this. And, uh, Nikita, I really appreciate you having you on today and, uh, yeah, thank you for coming on, man. Yeah.

It was a pleasure. So, all right. Is that the end of the video or that?

That'll be it, man. Um, just one thing before you hop off. Um, I just want to get some flex stats from you really quick.

Cause I'm gonna film the intro after like you get off, I'm gonna do the intro and then I'll just pinpoint the start of the video. Um, yeah. Tell me a little bit of flex stats about you, man.

Like three of them. Uh, what do you, I'm sorry. I I'm lost.

What do you, what do you mean? Flex stats. Okay.

So like, Hey, I've done over $2 online with Facebook ads. Like, like what's some flex stats about you? Uh, sent over 15 million emails, um, generated over $6 million in email marketing revenue or email attributed revenue.

And we usually see like 30, like a 30% increase in sales. When people start working with us. On average people see a 30% increase in sales.

Yeah. Or like 30, like 30% increase in sales based off of email marketing. Yeah.

Cool. Dope man. Dope, dope, dope.

Well, I really appreciate it. Um, so again, that's 50, you've sent over 50 million emails. One five, sorry.

No, 15 million. I'm gonna say 50. Damn, bro.

It's a lot. Good thing you caught me in. I was like 50 million and only 6 million left.

Like that's not a good commercial. Sent over 15 million emails generated over $6 million of email revenue attributed specifically to email. And on average people see a 30% increase in sales based off email marketing.

When people start working with you. Cool. And you're the founder at aspect agency.

Yeah. It's just aspect. Um, it's aspect agency.com cause aspect.com is taken.

Cool. Dope man. Well, I really appreciate you coming on board and, uh, I'm probably gonna name it something like, you know, top three errors you're making with Klavia or something like that.

It'll be, it'll be something kind of around that. Um, and then it'll, it'll be released sometime in the next two weeks. Cause I'm basically filming like six videos tonight and then my team just edits them.

And then over the next two weeks, they'll be tripped out somehow in terms of, I don't know what order yet. So, um, I'll, I'll hit you up on Twitter when it's live. Yeah, I'm down.

Um, you got other, other calls lined up right now, I'm guessing. Yes. Yeah.

I'm about to go jump in some other stuff. So I, uh, I appreciate you coming on board, man. It was great chatting.

And if you ever need anything, man, hit me up. Yeah. Sounds good.

Have a good one. Uh, just send me the link when it's, when it's up. Appreciate it.

Will do, man. You take care. You too.

Bye-bye man. Bye. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video.

Make sure you hit that subscribe button if you're new to the channel and turn on subscribe notifications. So that way when I upload a new video, you'll never miss a single one. All these videos at the end of the day are designed to help you in your business and grow and hit your revenue goals, make you more money at the end of the day, hit that like button and drop a comment below of your favorite part of this video.

Now, if you own a business and you're curious about how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals at profitability, then click the link below. It's a book call for me and my team. We'll hop on a call together, learn a little bit more about your business.

And if we think you'd be a good fit, we'll do a strategy session together. And on that strategy session, we'll give you actionable tips and stuff like that to help you grow your business. And you can take that and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

And if we think you're a good fit to work with us. Now, with that being said, thanks again so much for tuning in. You should have a video somewhere up along the screen right here that'll take you to another video I think you may enjoy.

Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great rest of your day. I'll talk to you guys later.

My name is Nick Theriault. Peace out.