Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Therrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be talking about the launch strategy we use that has generated us $75,000 in two days, that has generated us $130,000 in 24 hours, and has generated us $100,000 in one hour. So this will be a pretty cool video because I'm going to break down this launch strategy and when it would be applicable to your business because it's not applicable to everyone and also to how much you spend and all that's going to determine a lot of different things. So that being said, let's, with that being said, before we get started, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And comment below, I'm curious, what is the biggest launch day you've ever done? So if you drop the new product, how big that day was? Like I said, our biggest so far has been $130,000 or a hundred and things like $2,000 in one hour.

That was pretty big for us. So drop that below. I'm very curious of what you guys have experienced before.

So that being said, let's dive into the video. So here is our launch strategy. You can screenshot this, save it, keep it, computer, yada, yada, yada, whatever you want to do.

So who is this applicable for? So if you're just starting up an e-com business and your product testing, so it's not for you, unless you're have a huge, huge budget, I'm talking about 10, 15, $20,000. And you can spend a lot of time on building up a lot of hype around your product and then have your launch day when you open up the doors.

But if you're just product testing, so it's not for you. Typically we implement this in brands, don't want anywhere from, you know, as little as 10 K a month, all the way up to multiple hundred thousand dollars to million dollars a month. Like anyone can implement this.

There's no like ceiling on how high you can go. Um, this is pretty much a similar strategy to like a huge music festival do on a year over year basis. So anyway, so the problem with launches that a lot of people do right now is that they literally just sent out an email, Hey, new product adds a store and it like flops.

Like why did it flop? Well, because with a launch that big day in sales, it all comes down to the work prior 10 to 14 days prior to that big event. So that's a big thing right there.

You got to look at it again. Like we like to look at, like, look at it like a music festival, Coachella. I know like Usher, Miami.

It's something I've always wanted to go to. Um, it's like a EDM festival and stuff like that. So anyway, uh, these big music festivals, they spent a whole year, six months to a year promoting these big events before the event happens because they have to get like 10 to 30,000 people over there.

And these tickets are pretty pricey too. You know, it's a few hundred bucks and you're playing tickets, all that. So you're actually, you have a big ask.

So you have to really hype up that event to keep people there. So how do you do it? Well, you start a few months before the event, you start promoting it, start talking about the DJ, you start talking about the lineup.

I think the lineup is always the first thing that drops the lineup, then the tickets drop. Then it's all about promoting all the other little things, the food that'll be there, the drinks that'll be there, the door prizes, um, all these other little extra things they do to increase the perceived value of that event for that weekend of why you need to be there and increase that fear of missing out as well. Showing off how much people have fun, like all that good stuff.

So a launch is the same thing. Essentially you, you're, you have this big event happening on this day. You need to spend a lot of time promoting it and talking about it to get people ready for that specific day.

So for this launch strategy, what we like to do is we always like to start promoting it generally 10 to 14 days before the event. Again, it just kind of depends on how big the ask is. If we're just on a product drop, if we're going to big sell, then it's, you know, not big deal.

But if we're opening the doors for a whole new business, we may do this 30 days before. So that's also another thing too. If you go, if you drag it out too long and you're not increasing the, the, the consistent repetitiveness of new creative, fresh new creative often to keep it fun and like exciting and keeping that build up, um, then longer actually affects the launch strategy because you start collecting a bunch of emails.

And then what happens is they get bored on that list and lose interest. So we always recommend at least 10 days. I think 10 days is the sweet spot.

Hey, in 10 days, we're dropping these new jeans that has been highly requested. And then over those next 10 days, we're collecting emails for the people that's going to be first there. And then we're also going to go ahead and hype people up with a variety of different content to get them ready for that event.

So looking at the strategy, it involves a few things. One, the teasing, the hype building, and then the launch day. So the teasing, this is again, where we want to start grabbing emails and SMS.

So let's say you're, again, you're dropping a big, you know, um, let's just say for example, it's, uh, it's about to be February 1st. So it's February 1st. And on Valentine's day, we're dropping these new, I don't know, sweetheart lingerie set.

Not sure why I'm going this route anyway, but anyway, just bear with me here. We're on a women's clothing brand. And this is what we're dropping on Valentine's day.

And it's about to be February 1st. So guess what? February 1st, we want to start one.

We need to have all this planned out before February 1st in terms of the, the, the day that's dropping and all that good stuff. But two, now we need to start looking at, okay, how do we get people there? So what we want to do is we want to create like an email list.

And then we also want to create a landing page. The landing page will be there to collect emails for, and you can do this through a landing page builder on Shopify. You can do this through, you know, click funnels, whatever.

You just need to build a landing page. Super, super simple. Like I've literally did these big launches that we talked about in the beginning of this video.

We have a completely black landing page with just white text that says opt in. Here's the offer. Like learn less is more when it comes onto this landing page and make sure it's loads fast.

You collect, you start collecting these emails, SMS as well, as we highly recommend it. And we're shooting this to a list in Klaviyo specifically for that drop. So the 2022 sweetheart lingerie set drop will be the list just because that's what we're shooting for.

In terms of that. So what we do is we start driving traffic to this landing page in a variety of different ways. One, organic posting.

Two, emailing your current email subscribers. Yes, we're not getting them to subscribe again. We're simply getting them to be added to another list.

Let's say they're just on your current list right now. We're simply just emailing your existing customers. We're emailing your active subscribers, all that good stuff.

And we're just getting them to sign up again to essentially go ahead and get a updated list of who's interested in this particular drop. That's all we're looking for. So we start building up that now on the Facebook side, in terms of ads, we want to start looking at people purchase 180 days.

Yes, we're going to email them and SMS them. We also want to hit them with Facebook ads. And we just want to simply do a, you know, put, put the complete registration or lead event on that landing page.

And, you know, you do a Facebook ad driving traffic to that specific landing page. So, so you want to do a purchase 180 days, website visitors, 180 days, social engagement, 180 days. And you can actually go from like 180 to 90 to 30 to seven.

And you can kind of like a variety of those different audiences segmentations in there as well to start, you know, testing different little sub segments essentially. Cause like your 30 days would be a lot more efficient than like your 180 days. So, so you're pushing a bunch of traffic to the specific landing page.

And then from here, what you're going to do is you're going to be starting collecting emails and subscribers and all that. And basically now you have a dedicated landing page. You have also a dedicated list.

Now of people that's currently active in this particular product set drop. Now here's also another thing I forgot to mention is you need to make sure that you have a clear offer on the landing page and your ads and your emails and stuff like that to get people sign, sign up for this. So the day of the launch, the time of the launch, so February 14th at six o'clock or five o'clock PM, whatever, you know, sign up to this VIP list and all VIP people, people maybe get 10% off or all VIP email get one hour early access.

We will sell out. So give people, people are reason to sign up to this list is also really powerful sign up to this list. And the first hundred people are being a first to notified works still pretty at some level, but how can you increase on top of that?

Be first notified first hundred people who purchase gets a free something else added to that particular order. So not necessarily a discount, but just, Hey, you're purchasing a lingerie set. Maybe you get a robe as well.

Okay. So first hundred people get a free robe as well. Who purchase be the first notified so that way you don't miss out.

So, so have all that planned out. So now you're, you're getting emails, you get your landing page set up and then you're driving a bunch of traffic to it. Now what you want to do is you want to start hyping people up.

So you've got these people that are clearly interested in the offer here, but you want to hype people up. So how do you hype people up again? So I bought a ticket for this big music fest.

How am I going to stay hyped? Well, they released a lot of little promo videos from prior events of them having a lot of fun showing off the lineup of the music fest, things like that. So hype builders could be a sneak peek.

So we're doing a lingerie set. Maybe we could do a few girls wearing it, talking about how much they love it reviews and like really focusing, focusing in honing in on the specific uniqueness of this, you know, lingerie set, like you've never seen before hand crafted in Italy by the one and only designer who started Victoria's secret and like show a video of it being made very delicate, like things like that. So to really increase that perceived value, because again, we want to increase that perceived value as much as possible because when value exceeds price people buy.

So you want to look at that right there. Also too, if again, if there's anything like they're getting, so like first a hundred people who purchase or get this nice robe, show off the robe, show how cool it is, like increase that, again, that, that fear of missing out. They need to be one of those first hundred people.

If you're having any other sales or deals that they let people know. But again, I don't recommend that if you're just on one product drop, but if you're doing a big sell and you're discounted a lot of different things, then show off that right there. Yeah.

So that's definitely what you want to do. And you want to layer out those hype, particular hype emails and ads. So there's two ways to do it.

So one email the people that's on that list, that new list you just made for the product drop, you're still emailing and SMSing the other lists just to let people know to get on this list. But then once they get on this list, they're going to get their own like specific, unique hype builders, essentially up here's like all those things I've just talked about. And then you can also to go ahead and run some Facebook ads, just retarget people that's opted into this list.

Um, small daily budget. You can even do like a post engagement campaign because all you're doing is targeting at one list. And again, there's nothing for them to purchase.

There's nothing for them to opt in. And we just want to simply get in front of them and show them content. That's going to get them to purchase later.

Now, 24 hours before the launch day, you can actually just 48 hours to as well. We've seen 48 hours work. Well, um, 48 hours to launch, set your alarms.

The creative is very big and like simple, but it's very big and really articulates the time, the event, the, all that stuff. So that way people know they need to set their alarms and be there on that specific time on launch day. This is very, very simple.

There's really not much. There's turning on a few campaigns. And again, that's a whole nother video right there of like the things we do post launch with, with like Facebook ads and everything like that.

But basically it's just a bunch of big budgets retargeting everyone that could possibly have seen an ad about this launch in the last, you know, 180 days. And then we just hit them hard. But again, all the work is going to be done in this proper warming up people and getting people geared for this big event.

And it's like I said, a strategy is super, super powerful. Again, it's allowed us to $75,000 in two days for one brand. In fact, we actually did $50,000 in the first day of that 75,000 two days.

We did 50K in the first day when we went live, we did $130,000 in 24 hours for another brand. Um, and then another brand just this past week did a hundred and like $3,000 in one hour, um, utilizing this strategy. So super, super powerful, highly recommend you apply this.

Let me know how it works. And again, like I said, it's been more for people that already have already doing some decent revenue and stuff. Um, I know I get a lot of questions.

How much should you spend on building that list? And I tell everyone this, if you've never done this before, start off with just a budget you're okay with losing. So, you know, if you're spending like a hundred, 200 bucks a day on Facebook ads right now, Hey, start off at 500 bucks.

If you're okay with losing 500 bucks, throw 500 bucks at building up this email list and everything like that with Facebook ads and targeting all these engaged audiences and stuff like that to get them on this list, try it out and see how it works for you. We recently did this for a brand doing like a thousand dollars a day in sales and they did $20,000 in over a weekend just by utilizing this strategy right here. So that's another brand that did that.

So it's really powerful and highly recommend you utilizing this for any type of you want to launch an event, big sales weekend. So Valentine's day sale, Valentine's day product drop, black Friday. We use this as well.

Um, it's a really powerful strategy and, uh, it does amazing work. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you're an e-com brand owner and you would love to basically hop on a call with me and my team and we kind of put together a strategy for your business.

Um, and you're making at least $50,000 a month in revenue, hop on a call with us. We'll put together a little strategy for your business of how we can help you scale it to a million dollars per month. Um, we've already helped, you know, a few businesses hit seven figures a month, six figures a month.

Um, we've done a lot of really cool stuff in our agency and, uh, we can help on a college. You put together a strategy for, you can take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with us. If you choose those click the link below to book a call and yeah.

And if you're making less than 50 KMF, look, stay on the channel. I'm very transparent on this channel of giving you everything you need to grow your business. I am tinkering around with the idea of dropping a course.

Um, and basically the course is being literally here's what I'm gonna say like this for, for people who's made it this far, cause I know you guys, the realest ones on the channel. Um, I'm basically gonna create a course that step-by-step shows off everything that we do, but it's basically the same thing I put my YouTube videos. So you're not really gonna pay for any difference in value, but you're gonna pay for maybe a little bit more transparency for certain ads for certain clients that I can maybe give away a little bit better.

And then also too, you're gonna pay for the fact that, Hey, you can spend all your time on my YouTube channel, scrolling around, trying to figure out what YouTube videos to watch in what order to help grow your business. Or you can just pay for the convenience of the course and the course will have step-by-step again, not really much difference in the value at all, but just more of a step-by-step guide versus more random videos in different orders. So they'll save you time in that perspective.

So drop a comment below if you would like me to do that. It's gonna be for people doing less than 50k a month and, uh, it's definitely something I can put together for you guys. Literally the same thing you're seeing now, just in a step-by-step versus, uh, trying to figure out what order to put it together.

And I'll probably get thrown a little bonus of like some, maybe some private communication with me at some level. So yeah, really hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button, drop a comment below.

What is your biggest sales day ever? Was it $50,000 in a day? It was at $5,000 in a day.

Hey, you might only do a hundred dollars a day in revenue. It was $5,000 a day. That's amazing.

So, uh, drop that below and, uh, yeah, thank you guys so much for watching this video. Hope y'all enjoyed. My name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace.