This Facebook ad did over $250,000 in revenue for our clients. And today we're going to be breaking down the script, how we wrote the script, how we sent that script over to a creator, how we got that content filmed, and then actually how we launched it in the ad account to be able to do that amount of revenue. So that being said, let's dive right into the video.

So first off, this is just showing off the account real quick. Spent $106,000 on the side of 2.4x ROAS. So that's going to come right at about $250,000.

The only thing that's not including is the revenue that Facebook didn't attribute and then also to the overall lift them performance due to those returning customers and stuff like that. It's added. So probably realistically, it's probably done about $300,000, $400,000 in revenue for this brand.

But I'm going to keep what the Facebook says just to keep things simple. So the way we built this particular ad right here is we first started off with our research. And in our research, we looked at, okay, let's start off at our Facebook ad comments.

So I probably do this like once a week. I'll just go scroll through our ad comments. Depending on how much you're spending, you might be able to do this once a week.

Sometimes it's just once a month due to how like you're not spending a lot. But look, regardless, figure out something that works for you and prioritize looking at your Facebook ad comments during your research block at least once to twice a month. And you can find some really good golden nuggets there.

And while I was looking through some of our ads and looking at the comments, I saw two girls tag each other and literally just said, girls night soon, question mark. And through looking at that, I was like, okay, cool. Can we create an ad around that?

We've never positioned this product around girls night. So the next thing we did was is we wrote the hook. This is for my girlies who need a girls night soon.

So we're calling on ideal audience, which is girls who need a girls night soon. We're implying some type of benefit like, oh, yes, I need a girls night soon. And then we're also intriguing curiosity.

And the curiosity aspect is like, yeah, I'm a girls night. I'm a girl. I need a girls night soon.

Like what? What's going on here? And that's the intrigued curiosity aspect.

Now, the next part is the actual script itself. And we'll go over the script as promised in this video, which we will get into a second. And we'll also show the creative and all that good stuff.

But the next thing we did is we wrote a script. My favorite way to write scripts is to pretend I'm sitting down in front of my customer like me and you are right now. And literally just simply tell a story of how amazing this product was.

All the cool things I got to do. And like that desired state, which is a girls night, a fun girls night they're looking for, is being satisfied with this product itself. And that's exactly what we did.

So let's show you over the script right now. So this is the body copy. This is the actual thing that we've leveraged here.

So body copy and then Facebook headline. This is all stuff that we write after we get the script back or like after like our copywriter does the scripting. Keep in mind too, like our copywriters doing the research.

Our copywriters going right the hook. Our copywriters writing the script. All of that good stuff right there.

So this is all stuff that my copywriter put together for this particular client right there. So we also like to do an ad inspiration as well. And this is basically just kind of to get people.

It's not our ad in terms of like, oh, this is another girls night angle. It's more so just kind of how we want it filmed. And I want to say that's what we did put right here, which is like another ad that we liked for our account.

It just wasn't around girls night. So there's a lot going on here. There's the visual.

There's a shot type. There's a script. And there's the captions.

And we're going to kind of go over all of this right now. So we always start off with the script. The script is the first thing we always start with.

We do not worry about the visuals until the script is done first. So this is my girl. This is going to be a girl's night soon.

That's our hook. I recently did this on my last girl's night. Again, I want to tell a story around this.

This girl just did this for girls night. And she's simply sharing. You go look at like Facebook.

You'll always see like those moms or daughters or, you know, people on social media that are simply sharing like, oh my God, this is amazing, blah, blah, blah. And they're just kind of sharing a story around a product or an experience or something like that. And that's all we're simply doing here.

I recently did this on my last girl's night. And we have become obsessed. Okay.

So first off, this is my girl. This is my girl's night soon. Calling out ideal audience.

I recently did this on my last girl's night. Just kind of reinforcing that, hey, I'm a girl's night. I've been here.

I've done this. And we became obsessed. Keep in mind, we're really trying to just like hype up people around how like this is going to be an amazing girl's night with this product.

So here we just kind of simply, again, further go a little bit more into this. I ordered some paint by number kits. So and so we loved it.

And this right here, we're just simply kind of introducing the product. It comes with everything you need minus a bottle of wine. Basically, just kind of like highlighting right here of like, you know, like literally this is everything you need except a bottle of wine.

Now we start really getting into more of the kind of like experience that you're actually going to feel as they're, you know, getting this product, right? Using this product. It's perfect for sitting down, relaxing and chatting.

So again, what is part of the girl's night? Girl's night is great for sitting down, drinking a bottle of wine and literally just like chatting, gossiping, telling stories, all that good stuff. So we're just simply showcasing out, hey, this is already going to fit in perfectly with your what I would say, like your lifestyle, right?

Like you're doing this thing of relaxing, sitting down and chatting and sipping wine. This is the perfect product. That's just going to kind of mesh in together with your already things that you're currently actively doing.

I have become obsessed with all the options they have to choose from. So now we're just kind of talking about, okay, hey, this is like really amazing. It's just really fun.

I also loved all the different like designs you could choose from to like paint because it's paint by numbers. This has now become our new tradition. So we're talking about how they're consistently keep like doing this as well.

And then thanks to, you know, this website. Call to action could be a lot better. We could say something like level up your next girl's night or have the best girl's night you've ever had in your life by going to this website.

But hey, again, call to action is like 10%, whereas this whole script is like 80% in terms of the effectiveness of what I would say, like getting people in and stopping them, keeping them engaged, all that good stuff. So now that we have a script written, what I like to then do is go and just try to start logging in the visuals here. And this is where I'll start going through.

Okay, this is my girlies who need a girl's night soon. And I only asked myself one question for the visuals. How can I visually articulate this statement?

So this is my girlies who need a girl's night soon. A group of girls laughing and chatting, sitting in the scene for a girl's night. And that's pretty close to in terms of like visually articulating.

I recently did this my last girl's night. Cool. How can I visually articulate that?

The girls unboxing their simple painting kit. We have become obsessed. Close-ups of the kit showing the numbered canvas paint pots and brushes.

Ours and paint by number kits. And from some painting, we loved it. Girls starting their painting session, matching paint pot numbers with the numbers on the canvas.

It comes with everything you need minus the bottle of wine. A bottle of wine being opened and poured into glasses. A fun addition to the painting session.

So keep in mind here, like we're consistently showing visuals too that also keep staging that girl's night. We're not like calling out girl's night and then not talking about anything or like not showing anything related to girl's night. That's where a lot of people like really mess up with their ads is they will go ahead and they will showcase like, oh, this is the most fun we've ever had on girl's night.

And then they'll simply showcase like literally everything that's not related to girl's night. And it's like, well, I thought this was a girl's night ad. And it's like, no.

So every time you like you film content around these scripts, it's why we always keep buying and paying for more fresh content. I might keep reusing the same content because the context there of actually having visuals for girls night just make this ad convert way better. It's perfect for sitting down.

Girls around a table, painting and chatting, emphasizing the relaxing and social nature of the activity. Relaxing and chatting. Close up shots of the girls, face enjoyment, satisfaction as they paint.

I've become obsessed with all the options they have to choose from. Phone showing all the options the site to choose from. This has become our new tradition.

The painting showing the beautiful results they can be achieved. Thanks to simple painting, the girls raising a toast to their new tradition of their completed paintings in the background. So again, this is everything we do here.

We write the script first. And after we write the script, we write the visual. So first write the hook and then the hook creates the script.

The script creates the visuals. That's how it works. Then we'll write the ad, the body copy and then the headline.

And then we'll also include any inspo for like, you know, for whatever reason. There's some type of takeaway right there. Now, once we have this final document right here, this is literally what the document will look like.

What I like to do is I go right here to share and I can edit it to where like I can make this link viewable by anyone. As long as they just have the link and not edible, just viewable. And then what I'll do is I'll go create a new campaign on incense.

Incense.pro. That's just my personal favorite place to hire content creators. You can go anywhere you want.

This is just what we personally use and been using the last couple of years. We'll go set up a campaign and we'll pay anywhere between $100 to $200, $300 a video. Just depending on the amount of things that we need to do.

Also, too, depending on the product creates a huge difference, too. So, like if the product is not really like hot or appetizing, then like that's going to kind of make people want to pay for more. Because we send the product.

They get the product for free. We do not request for them to ship it back. And on top of all that, we are paying them.

So, if we're working for a really good product, what will normally happen is they'll just be like, yeah, cool. You know, product was amazing. I love this product.

I use it every day. I don't have any like I'm only going to charge a little bit for that reason right there. Now, here we'll use editing team.

Editing team will add captions. And captions is purely just like what you see on the screen and like the voiceover and stuff like that. And then we'll finally get the finalized creative, which I'll show you that finalized creative real quick.

If you've been on the channel, you likely already know what this creative is. But I'm just trying to show you guys a completely new way to see that creative. So, the captions are these little white texts on the screen right here.

And the key thing with the captions is that you want to make sure that the captions keep going where the eyes are. So, like my eyes are in this spot right here. Now they're in this spot.

Now they're in this spot. So, the captions are always around that. Don't be the lazy little shithead that just posts the captions with cap cut at the bottom.

And then they don't move with the eyes on the screen. And I've seen that just simple captions that move along just convert way better. And then what we did was is we created three different versions.

And the biggest thing for the three different versions is that visual hook at the beginning. That was the biggest one for us. So, they all just have a slightly different visual hook.

And then from there, that is what we created. So, we have our three. Then once we have our three visuals there, then we can go and we launch those as a new ad set.

And, you know, we do a 3-2-2 method. So, you guys should see the dynamic creative. Now it's flexible creatives.

So, I have a video on my channel that goes over flexible creatives and stuff like that. And then from there, what we'll do is we'll let that run anywhere between three to seven days. And then from there, we'll cut it if it doesn't take overall spin and improve performance.

Or if it hurts performance or if it crushes performance and does amazing, we'll just simply leave that ad set on. And we'll start scaling up that campaign. You know, the only campaign that we pretty much use for everything in there.

But, yeah. So, hope you guys enjoyed this. This Facebook ad script literally did $250,000 for our clients.

And hope you guys enjoyed that. Get some takeaways from there. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, we scale Shopify stores from 100K to multiple subfigures a month. And I've helped over four different stores do that.

Love to help you become the next one. Click link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And if you're making less than 100K a month in revenue, then click link below for have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Or I come hop on one-on-one calls with you. We talk about your ad account. I work with you on those different optimizations to make.

And I review all your creatives and help you make better creatives that allow you to scale your store. So thank you so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your all day.

Peace out.