Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and thank you guys so much for tuning in today.

I have an exciting video for you guys. So I want to talk to you guys about the one, the number one thing that I've learned after doing over $20 million in revenue with Facebook ads, uh, between clients and stuff like that. The number one skill as a marketer that's allowed me to generate that, like the number one, like, damn, that's what really helped propel my, my marketing, I guess, mindset forward.

I want to show you guys this exact thing. So that being said, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. That being said, let's dive into video.

So learning this number one thing allowed me to generate nearly $20 million with Facebook ads. So long story short, it's women fads. You need to be a great marketer.

And I know you guys are like, well, how do you become marketer stuff like that? Yada, yada, yada. You see the key thing with marketing in fact, I actually need to like move this slide right here is that most people believe marketing and that question mark is like running discounts and promos and that's completely false.

And in fact, it's a very low level entry to marketing is honestly where like 99% of you guys who have a dropshipping background rely on or lie in. Oh yeah. Just throw up a picture, say it's for sale for the next 24 hours and boom, Facebook will do the rest for me.

Problem is with 14.5, like that has completely thrown that opportunity out the window. So now you need to have a little more of a sophisticated approach to your marketing. So what is marketing in general is, and like how I basically view things is that right now your prospects, people who want your product, this is where they lie at.

They're in a bad situation right now and they want to get here to their desired situation, but they have no clue how to get there. They don't know what product they need and they don't know how to get there. Okay.

So like that's two problems right there. That's problem. They have, you know, they might be stuck with Facebook ads right now.

They might stuck with Facebook ads, not seeing the results they want stuck at certain revenues, spending all day in the ad account, just tired, overwhelmed, stressed, yada, yada, yada. They want to make that vision up. It's so bad, but they just need to figure out Facebook ads, but they don't know how to get to our desired situation, which might be hitting their revenue goals, profitable, all that good stuff.

And you don't know how to get there. They don't know if it's going to be through an agency. They don't know if it's going to be through a course.

They don't know if it's me through consulting. They have no fricking clue. They just know they want to be desired situation.

And that's what they're feeling right now. So their current situation now through marketing, we can showcase them whatever it is to get to that desired situation. So marketing helps guide people to their desired situation.

Think of like a fricking GPS. Okay. Hey, I'm in Louisiana right now and I want to get to New York.

What's the best route I can take to get there? Like, let's say if I had no GPS at all, I just got to figure out, I really want to get there. Current situation is Louisiana.

I want to be in New York. How do I get there? I have no fricking clue.

Yada, yada. Then someone hands me a GPS and GPS maps out for me and takes me down exactly how to get there. Okay.

Think about marketing as the GPS, the thing that connects with some of their current situation, shows them how to get to their desired situation and then shows them the product. So a lot of people think that it's like product comes first. No, it's like the marketing comes first to showcase the product to get to their desired situation.

So once I've learned this, everything just like click for me. Okay. Like this is literally showing to you from my understanding.

So I don't care what you go see on Google, whatever. Oh, definitional markers. Not that Nick.

Well, no shit. I really don't care. I'm showing you guys how I understand it and how it has made my clients over $20 million or nearly $20 million in revenue.

Okay. So marketing, um, for me is connecting with someone in their current situation. Okay.

Here's where you're at right now. I understand that my, here's where all you might be filling and to get to where you want to go. Step two, educating them to get where you got to go.

You need consulting or you need a Facebook ads course to help you get to a three extra ass at a million dollars a month. Okay. So step two is connecting with them.

So step one's connecting with them. Step two is educating them on how to get to their desired situation by introducing a product service. I'll take them there.

And obviously step three is like your call to action. That sentence right there. So, and guys, this works in all ninches.

This is marketing fundamentals that have been around since nearly 1400s. Okay. Um, this is, this is something that Google has said right here for me.

So I first heard about this, you know, like if you look at like some of the older books, like breakthrough advertising is where I learned a lot of stuff from, um, by Eugene Schwartz, I know like 1920s, 1960s, like copywriting and all that. That's like the initial stages of copywriting is what like basically all the marketing fundamentals I've learned from there. So yeah.

So like, this has been around for a long, long time. So how do you map that out? How do you map out someone's current situation?

And then how do you map out someone's desired situation? Well, it comes down to a lot of fricking audience research guys. Like how do you figure out what people are feeling now?

And how do you figure out where people want to go audience research, go research. You can't just make this shit up in your head. You got to go figure it out online.

Okay. You're going to do like 80% of your time should be on this. Okay.

So a few ways to do it. One, just go competitor ad libraries. They've done all this hard work for you.

Go out and start to figure out just some initial thoughts. Okay. All right, look, everyone's focusing on this for the current situation.

That's what like all the other advertisers are saying. And then the desired situation is this. Okay, cool.

Like showcase all that. And then on top of that is audience research. So I, you could realistically put competitor ad libraries on their audience research, but cause it's literally the same thing.

It's like audience research involves going audit competitor ad libraries. I just want to separate the two for the sake of this video. Okay.

So what is audience research? Go and read Reddit forums around your product problems and solutions. People have around it.

YouTube video reviews, YouTube comments, uh, social media comments, Amazon listings, competitor reviews. So going on the competitors website and look at all the reviews and stuff on their products, competitor, social media comments. It's a really good place as well.

Related products in the same niche calling customers. There's a little bit more higher level right here. Literally picking up your phone, calling your customer.

Hey, look, you know, so-and-so you just purchased from my store. Thank you so much for your purchase. What made you purchase?

Where are you? Like, how are you enjoying the product? What are you getting out of it?

Just calling them and talking to them. Literally simple as that. You can also email your customers.

So email survey your customers. You can also email survey your prospects, people who like signed up for email list, but haven't purchased yet. You can email them and just figure out, Hey, where are you at right now?

How can we help you? What's going on? They'll tackle that out and be like, all right, cool.

So a lot of people are struggling with this and that's what's, that's the reason why they're buying. And then messaging and talking to people in niches niche with questions, not selling at all. So this is basically just like, this is going to be a little bit higher level, but basically like, let's just say, for example, if you have a buddy who's, I don't know, they're struggling with an e-com store and you want to start a fucking social media agency, you'll like reach out to them, start talking to them, ask some questions about his pain points.

And like just getting more clarity by just literally just messaging and talking to people. We're not your customers. We're just prospects in that certain niche right there.

Really great way. And what's going to happen is you'll start to understand better understand people's current situation and better understand where people want to go. Okay.

Now, just to show you an example, really quick, um, kind of put this together in like five minutes. So please don't judge me completely. Current situation is all right.

This is more for like people who are e-com business owners who are maybe at $25,000 per month in revenue. Okay. You're stuck at a certain revenue within your business.

Every time you increase ad spend, you feel like you see row ads drop. You're having to spend more to make more. You're stuck inside the ads manager all day trying to figure out ads.

Another one could be like you're on YouTube watching a bunch of different videos. You're not sure like which guru to follow. It's only adding to the confusion.

That's right there. Um, you're feeling lost. You're trying to figure all this out and you're always feeling overwhelmed with fulfillment operations and trying to do ads all of this together.

You're just like blown out, but your desired situation is you desire to hit your revenue goals with your profitable ROAS. You have a desire to have a wildly successful econ brand. You have a desire to exit for X amount of millions of dollars.

Okay. You have a desire to, and you can even go deeper into why, why do they want to exit for 3. million?

You know, is it because they want to get the recognition of social proof that they built something great or is it because they want to retire and go on the beach with their wife or whatever? Okay. I'm not even stressing over ads anymore, gaining time back to focus on other things inside your business.

So that's the desired situation. Okay. So what's up with copy?

Would that work now? Again, I just said current situation, desired situation. There's, there's a lot of different products that could work here.

There's a Facebook ad service. There's a Facebook ads product. There is a, I don't know.

There's a lot of different things that could go into here. Consultant, yada, yada, yada. So I'll put an example ad, uh, start trying to figure out Facebook ads.

I feel like you're trying to catch a falling knife. 14.5 has made that Facebook ads algorithm less effective at finding people who are ready to buy. So again, call that their desired situation.

Now I'm making a, I'm starting to feed that loop into the desired situation. This has put a greater pressure to create ads that will convert with proven fundamentals. But the problem is no one has taught these key fundamentals, scale of confidence and hit your revenue goals this year with active marketer, introducing the product.

Okay. And then look, you see, I'm showing the desired situation, scale of confidence and hit your revenue goals this year. Active markers, the world's first Facebook ads course that focuses on what matters marketing fundamentals.

These alone has allowed your instructor, Nick Theriault, go from stuck to face with Facebook ads to generating over cool $20 million online for his clients through a variety of different niches. For the first 25 people who sign up, you'll get a 30 minute private coaching call with Nick. Um, then also put like some, just a guarantee is just like turbo boosting the ad power.

Um, active markers, a 90 day money back guarantee. If you follow the whole program and don't make at least a thousand dollars back from it, you'll receive a full refund. No question.

Zacks, grab your spot today, connect with people, their current situation, show people the desired situation, how to get there. Very simple. Yeah.

And just a few other notes, you'll need to do a current desired situation for each of your main persona. So if you have multiple for personas, you'll have to do one of these for each one, cause they might have different before and afters. You may have different ad concepts around each current slash desired situation.

So you might, you might do one of these and then have like 50 different ad concepts around each one of these for each one of your personas. So you have a lot of different ad stuff. So you need a system, organize it, and you're going to need to keep doing audience research, testing new ad concepts and refining based off what works, which will allow you to scale faster.

So keep learning, keep educating yourself, and it's going to help you improve your performance. All right. So, and a bonus, because I always like to try to over deliver for you guys is that if you really focus on the main motivation that make people want to have that jump from a current situation, desired situation, it's going to give you a more powerful ad.

So you can add that inside of your ads right there. So let me take a look for a quick, we go current situation, desired situation, the motivation that they have to get here and how powerful that motivation will allow people to, and how powerful that motivation is articulated and like shows that it'll be achieved will better give you a better result. So for example, like that, if we look at the motivation from that example, plus it earlier, where I was like, I want to go from Louisiana to New York, what is motivating me to get to New York?

What is that motivation? So I can help, I can also articulate that into the ad, here's current situation, your desired situation, and you know, here's the main motivation you have. And you know, that's what's going to be achieved once you get to that desired situation.

So, it's a little bit more higher class and it's something I want to cover in another video, because I'm kind of not articulating the best way, but that's also a big driver right there, that motivation people have and how strong it is. It's what's going to basically, it's going to drive people to hit that purchase button. And if you're marketing to a weak motivation around your product, then you're gonna have weaker results.

If you find a very powerful motivation around your product for people to purchase, then it's going to give you better results. So that's why I kind of basically go around that perspective right there. So anyway, thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Hope y'all enjoyed, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Again, my name is Nick Terrio. Appreciate you guys watching the channel.

If you're having your own e-com business, maybe Legion business or app install business, we're an agency again, it's generated over nearly $20 million in revenue for our clients. We'd love to help you out. Click the link below to book call for me and my team.

We'll do a strategy session together and depending on, you know, that strategy session, you can take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose in that sense right there. So sure you click the link below and take that. And yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching.

Again, my name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later. Peace.