With that return on investment too. I don't know if that's a hundredth of the case, but that's some of the things to talk about when you go to attribution. So I got an email today from Facebook claiming to give us marketing advice slash from an expert.

And I thought about it. I was like, you know what? What would happen if I decided to get their advice?

Would it be worth it? Would it be valuable to me, my business, my marketing agency that runs Facebook ads for multiple clients? Or will it simply just be a connection inside of Facebook, meet a new friend and can also help me with, you know, if I get an ad account banned, ad account restricted, whatever.

Could they be of assistance to me in the future? So today I'm going to hop on a call with them. So I don't really know what's going to happen.

So I hit like book call now and I'll get a call in two minutes. So I don't know. I guess I just got to wait by my phone now until they give me a call.

Alright, so I'm getting a call now from California. So let me answer it. Hello, this is Nick.

Hi, this is Aaron calling from Facebook on a recorded line. This is Nick. Yes, sir, this is.

How are you doing today, man? Oh man, I'm doing pretty good. Just running some Facebook ads right now.

And I checked my email and I saw that, yeah, that little marketing thing. So I was like, you know what? Let me give it a shot.

I've been running Facebook ads now for three, four years. And it's probably my first time actually talking with someone a part of the team. Awesome, man.

Awesome. See, I could tell just by looking at your account, you know a little bit more. You've been doing this for a little while.

But, awesome. So, you're just going to go through pretty much a whole process here. How this really works is, you know, I'm going to go through solutions, like teach you some things, right?

Help you really look at some of the campaigns you've been running, suggestions, advice, feedback, stuff like that. Okay. That sounds good.

I've got some time, so. Awesome, man. So my name is Aaron.

I am your marketing expert and you'll have me going forward throughout many calls. So, I did have a special call with you today. You made it with me at 11.03 a.m.

my time to speak about your Facebook advertising. Again, I'm here to help you implement, build optimized campaigns, help your business get a better return on ad spend, but really showing you more advanced things, right? Helping you understand the platform, or getting more detailed depth with it, answering any questions you may have.

Going over campaigns, optimizing campaigns, building new campaigns, things like that. So that we can then find the best result for us, right? Best objective.

Also, provide you a solution today that fits your business' goals and needs on the platform, right? Like you've set on the platform. And then really just showing you how you use it as part of your business marketing strategy.

Okay. On Facebook. Before I forget farther on the call, I do need to ask a couple of standard questions just to get as farther through the call.

Are you the one that's in charge of advertising for your business on Facebook? That is correct. Cool.

Are you in front of your computer right now? Yes, I am. I got an ad account and everything opened up.

And could you verify the last four digits on an ad account for me? So I can know we're on the same page here. Let's see.

It's last four. It's 5155. Awesome.

Cool. So you're all looking at the same ones. Thank you so much for doing that.

What about today, man? This call is around 45 minutes and after I will send you a follow-up email pretty much with what we're talking about today. The solution, a focus for the day's call, what our focus is on the future call, or for the future, and what the focus is for the next call.

Going forward with that, I will ask you more questions just about your business today, just general understanding, right, so I can provide you the best solution that fits what you've goals you've set on Facebook. I will then also hopefully we can build an ad that we can offset sort of partnership or optimize something you already have going on. Okay.

Is there anything you want to add to the agenda today? Anything new? Anything, something you want to talk about?

No, man. I mean, like I said, I pretty much hopped into this call, open-minded, just to see, you know, what you guys have to offer. So, I didn't, you know, there wasn't any specific things I necessarily want to tackle today, so I'm just going to kind of follow your lead.

Totally, man, totally. So, for the call today, I did take a look at your business and these two years last campaigns are running conversions of reach. You have used custom audiences off of your website traffic and on your Facebook page you just have right around 2,200 likes on the platform.

Can you tell me a little bit more about your business really what you're looking to do what you're going to achieve by advertising on the Facebook platform? Yeah, so the business itself is just an e-commerce store. We sell personalized metal signs and essentially what we're doing is we're trying to scale it.

We're already crushing about $300,000 per month on Etsy and now we're looking to expand to Facebook. I've been running ads for a few months and we've kind of found like a winning sign that's really excelling so now we're just kind of scaling that up. We eventually want to hit about 10K a day in ads, I mean 10K a day in revenue which I feel like is probably around the corner because we scaled from about $300 a day in ad spend to a little over $2,000 within just about a week and a half.

So, really a biggest thing for us is I was doing lookalike audiences for a while and I think I just kind of worn them out and we tested a few new interest-based audience. and those excelled over the last few days, over the last week so I've been scaling up on those and I think that's something I've learned with Facebook itself is it likes those bigger audiences at times. Definitely, definitely.

So, that's kind of like essentially where we're at right now. Awesome, awesome, awesome. So, how are you driving sales on Facebook?

What kind of campaigns are we using? What do you think? Right now I'm using purchase conversions at the top of funnel going after cold audiences and then I'm experimenting with reach campaigns versus a conversion campaign for the retargeting people who view the website and engage with the page.

Awesome, definitely. So, then looking at that, what's the average cost of your product would you say? Average order value is $55.

Okay. And right now we're getting about a $17 to $20 cost per purchase. And that's optimal for your business?

Are you happy with that result? I'd like to say about $15. So, if I could shave off a few dollars that would be great.

That would be pretty much optimal. Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. So, what are you making sales a week?

What would you say? How many signs do you sell a week would you say? Let's see.

Over just this week itself, we did about 22,000 in sales from Facebook with 392 orders. Wow. Okay.

Awesome, awesome, awesome. Anything on advertising on Facebook you're not familiar with? You want to learn more about something that's caught your eye?

Anything like that? Not at the moment, to be honest. I mean, I've tested so much.

So, I feel like I have a good grasp on everything. I think the only thing I could say I noticed today was in one of my retargeting campaigns. I'm just trying to reach more people.

So, what I did was, over the last few days, I've increased the minimum CPM I'm allowed, or the max CPM bid. And that helped a little bit with increasing the reach, but I think that's about it. I mean, so far, like I said, I've been on it a while, I've tested so much, so I've kind of just...

Definitely. Yeah, yeah. If there's something I'm curious about, I'll test it, and then I'll go from there.

Definitely, definitely. How are you looking to scale on Facebook? What have you tried so far in terms of scaling your ads?

So, I've tried a lot. I've tried vertical and horizontal. Right now, I'm kind of doing a mixture of both.

This is the first time I've ever just kept... So, I have like one campaign right now. It's a CBO campaign.

I started off at $100 a day last week, testing just some cold interest-based audiences, performing well. So, what I've been doing is just duplicating that CBO budget every 48 to 72 hours. So, we started off at $100 a day.

Now, we're at $1,600 daily. Now, I think the only thing that is where I see problems in the future is how big the increments are now, and whether we'll have a negative impact on ROAS just from scaling up such a big budget in a short amount of time. So, I think the other thing is, I think, is that the other thing is that we're going to do with the budget.

Yeah, definitely. Going into that, just taking a look at some of the budgets, you are at $200 a day, $250 a day, $1,600 daily. So, it looks like you're doing different types of conversion campaigns.

Are you using... For those campaigns, are they all the same audience? Are you using like different types of audiences?

So, are you probably thinking like with interest-based targeting sales? Are you doing sales and book-alikes and custom audiences and retargeting on certain events? Yeah, so, in the interest-based, the campaign that's titled Interest Cold Purchase, I'm going after, I think, women, all age groups pretty much that are interested.

And I think there's like three different types of interests I'm going after. Romance, engaged shoppers, and I tried two other ones. And then what I did was, after I found out those audiences were performing well, I decided to come there and create two separate campaigns.

One purely for just engaged shoppers with the age group of women, 25 to 34, because that's what I was like selling on that one. On just Facebook mobile, so narrowed that audience down a little further. And seeing some okay results with that.

I feel like the engaged shoppers is kind of like a rollercoaster with ROAS. As it's just kind of like engaged shoppers in the market at the moment, so it's always going to be changing. And then I've also tested the married audience, because like I said, our sign goes for, our sign, the typical consumer we're going for is married woman, 25 to 54 years old.

So I just tried relationship behavior, married, and then, you know, leveraging the pixel data to, you know, further fine tune that audience. And then I just set up another campaign today going after, like I said, we've always used to be a campaign. Like I said, we've always used lookalike audiences once we got this account rolling.

And then my idea was I created another campaign today going after a fresh seven day audience. Because like I said, it's over the past seven days that we've been using these interest based audiences that's been crushing it. So I wanted to leverage all that data with a fresh, very fresh lookalike audience data.

So I wanted to create a big campaign and put in a few different, you know, engagement, view content, ads to cart, lookalike audiences. Okay, wow, definitely. Now that gets into my next step here, let's get to the budget here and some of the good stuff.

What are we spending on it? What's your average monthly allocation for budget for Facebook? What would you allocate on a monthly basis?

So right now it's pretty much as long as we're doing a 3x return, we'll keep putting money into it. So I know like last month we spent a little less. We spent about 13,000 last month compared to March.

And that was just due to, you know, we had a little bit of a negative hit with the whole economy and pandemic stuff going on. But this month, you know, I think we're not going to, I know right now we're scaling pretty aggressively this month. Inside the Shopify we're seeing a 3x return.

And, you know, I think we're going to cap it out somewhere between 5 to 10k daily just depending on the ROVAS. Okay, and a 3x return, that's a pretty, that's above average, correct? I am not 100% familiar with returns on month sites and things like that, but, you know.

Yeah, yeah, and the cool thing about with this store is Facebook is the only thing we're using right now for paid advertising. Awesome, for other platforms. Correct.

So, and we're noticing we're getting, you know, more customers returning, repeat buyers and everything. So that's why we're kind of just looking at the overall. Because I know inside the business manager for Facebook it's showing like a 2.7 April as for this month.

But inside Shopify we're seeing a much higher return. So we're just going to keep, you know, spending as long as it keeps those ratios up. I may be able to tell you why.

I may be able to get a little insight on that. The reason that it may show on Facebook is because Facebook could be 2.7. Shop, your website could be higher because you also got to pick a 9, like, I know you're not spending on other platforms.

But you're, there's still accreditation other than Facebook to your website. There's the, the web search stuff that technically, um, Facebook if there's basically, they don't want Facebook right or they're not signed in. To Facebook when they go from Google right to your website.

Mm-hmm. Your SEO would probably, your search engine stuff would probably be getting the credit for it. So that would probably account towards there with that return on investment too.

I don't know if that's a hundredth of the case, but that's some of the things that talk about when you go into attribution with Facebook. Setting up attribution is super important if you're going to start spending on other platforms definitely. Um, one thing I, I would never discourage to be honest with you spending on other platforms.

I'm never going to say that. Because to be honest, they all have its own benefit. And what you can do, it's going to, if you compare them the right way, right?

If you compare them head in head, it can do wonders, right? It could probably help you even more, right? Because you could be getting a better return on Facebook or you could be making driving sales on different platforms and finishing sales on different platforms.

So just something to look out for there. Okay. Yeah.

So you said the desired cost for a result would be about $15 for you as possible for your business? Yeah, yeah. I mean that's what we're trying to shoot for right now.

And like, so we're seeing about $17 to $20 cost per result. And on average, are you making it to about 50 purchases in a seven day period of time? Um, I've noticed I think with the campaign we have right now that's $16 a day, that one's hitting, that one has an ad set in it that's hitting the $50 minimum, or 50 purchase minimum in a seven day window.

But yeah, I do know there's a few other campaigns that's not hitting that. And yeah, if you could bring a little insight to me on that. Yeah.

So it's based, there's so many factors that go into it, like the budget, right? Um, you do, and the data, you do want to make sure you do have a lot of pixel data. Just looking at yours though, um, and talking here, we're at 826 purchases, which, you know, that's a lot.

I would be building lookalikes off of that. Mm-hmm. If you haven't already been building lookalikes of purchases, right?

I'd definitely be going after all of these events. So add to cart's definitely, I'd be doing that every seven days. I'd be retargeting with an add to cart every seven days.

Um, reasoning why you can go after more people, right? Go after people that decided to do that evil add to cart button to you, right? And make you just say why, right?

Something like that, so. Um, so that's definitely, that's one of those things. Um, going to Facebook Pixel, are you familiar with Facebook Pixel?

How to use the build campaigns and audiences on the platform? Correct, yeah. We've created custom audiences, lookalike audiences.

I've also tested the, uh, value-based audiences on it, um, or, you know, it took like, I think it's what's like the highest purchases that's come through on the pixel and creates more of like a higher tier audience. Um, I'm definitely familiar with the pixel. Um, but yeah, I do think, I do think there's one thing that I do lack on, um, is the knowledge with, yeah, the 50 conversions per week and whether or not, um, if I'm not getting 50 conversions per week, say if I'm going for a purchase conversion, of how much of an impact will I have negatively on, you know, an ad set being on learning limited?

Mm-hmm. Totally. Um, it just means it's not learning, so it's going to be spending money and probably not getting you the results you want, right?

Because it's not learning, it's not learning your thing. One thing you could do, and this is a recommendation, is, I mean, if an ad doesn't perform within seven days and you're not getting to that in 50, you could always shift that budget into, um, the one that's performing the best too, right? Okay.

Because you're running your campaigns ongoing, so once I have that 38, 38, you can just take that 400 bucks, put it into that interest base one that's working well, right? Scale it to that worth 297 purchases. I would definitely recommend that, um, here though, you're using different audience sets too.

Mm-hmm. So you're going after a whole different audience in each of those sets. You're using custom local, like, audiences on one of them, all the different website events from the pixel.

Mm-hmm. And then you're going off of it from just interest-based targeting specific colder audiences, right? Um, I would definitely, um, you know, be doing that because each audience is going to be different, right?

There could be a hit with this interest-based targeting rather than maybe the people, you know, trying to find the right audience. So it works either way. Okay.

Turn to creative, just taking a look at what you've been doing. It looks like you do a lot of single images, but it looks like you have done videos in the past. What works well for you, would you say?

Um, so far, yeah, our single images have been performing well. Uh, I've had a, uh, carousel type creative perform really well at one point. Um, I got this one right now that's performing amazing, which is just like a, uh, it was just a bunch of pictures I had.

And I used Facebook's slideshow feature where it kind of puts them together for you. Um, and now it's been performing really well. Uh, but yeah, I definitely noticed when I have multiple pictures where people can really kind of look at the product and stuff before you go into our site.

Uh, it's performed really well, uh, versus just say one picture of it and then they have to go to the site to learn more. So. What about, um, do you have a catalog if I any chance?

Yes, yes, we do have the catalog set up and stuff and I have tried, the only, the only thing I've used with the catalog is a dynamic like product, um, set up, the EPA campaign of getting, you know, like, hey, if someone goes to the site, they add a few things to the cart and then come back to Facebook where it's retarded and even children to come back and complete their purchase. That's the only thing I've used with the catalog. I haven't tried going after a cold audience with a catalog yet.

Okay. Definitely. Definitely.

So you have that EPA. How did that do for you? It performed okay.

I mean, I, I turned it off cause it just wasn't profitable. Um, I gave someone a discount, you know, I was giving them people a discount code to come back and complete their purchase and it just, yeah, it just wasn't working well. Um, I feel like with the product we're running right now, it's like they either buy or they don't buy and they just don't buy.

And then when they don't buy, we see, we still not making a lot on the retargeting side of getting people to come back. Yeah, no, totally. Totally understand what that is too.

Um, it makes sense. Um, just, it is cool cause it is dynamics automatically retargeting. So it engages with one of those pixel events.

So, you know, and with that discount code and all those things that have been different. Well, um, maybe not something we want to try yet. Again, till we, you know, maybe pull up more data for it.

Correct. Um, going to the next thing, what's your target audience for this business? I know you've mentioned some things like relationships.

Um, what else have you used? In terms of what interests and behaviors do you take target the most? Um, so to be honest, uh, cold interests, this is like the first time we've really tested them.

Uh, what we did, or we've also tested like some other, other audiences in terms of like, uh, different, I guess you could say job titles. Uh, with our particular store, we have a lot of different custom signs and we find that is a problem that each sign kind of has a totally different demographic than other signs we have. Uh, so like the one particular one we have right now, we're going after women who are married 25 to 54.

And then we had another sign that was like for firefighters. So we're going after people who job title firefighters. Um, so it kind of goes around, but right now what we're doing is we're trying to curate all images, all creatives and stuff going after this audience.

Cause married woman 25 to 54 is a very broad audience. So what we do is we can, uh, we can leverage that broad audience to create the signs around that, those people. So, um, you know, like we have a father's days coming around the corner.

We have a grill sign. We can, we can go after this audience. It's like, Hey, you know, perfect gift for your husband.

Boom. There we go. Any, uh, campaign preparation for this week for like mother's day, anything for you?

Mother's day, anything like that you've been running? No, no, we, we haven't put anything for mother's day. Uh, we, we tried, we had one sign that we created, um, and it was for mother's day and we were going after look like audiences and stuff.

But again, if we're, if we're creating a sign for women, um, who are moms and we're going after women who are married, it's, it's, it's not likely they're probably buying the sign for themselves. So, um, what we should have done is we should have gone for men, um, and then also maybe a little bit younger of an age group as well, just a test. Uh, but we, we've never made it that far yet with that sign.

We cut our loss out a few hundred dollars and then, uh, we just kept on working on the sign that's been doing well for us. So any promotions coming up that you're planning for and that you mentioned Father's Day? Yes, yes, like I said, for the Father's Day one, uh, we're going to go after this same exact audience we're going after right now, married woman 25 to 54.

Uh, we got a grill sign, uh, for people, for dads who love to grill outside, um, and then we'll, you know, we'll create a Father's Day theme around it, uh, for people to come purchase that sign. Okay, totally, totally. Um, going to the next step here, uh, customer list, you have a customer list, email list, list of purchases, past purchases, things like that?

Correct, yes, so when we first started this account in December, um, like I said, we were already doing $300,000 a month on Etsy. Uh, what we did was we took all of the customer lists from Etsy and we imported them into the ads manager and created lookalike audiences off those customers. And that's kind of how we got that account started.

So, um, You guys started this in December? Correct. That's crazy.

Correct. Uh, we started with Facebook ads in December, but, you know, this, this Etsy account's already been going for a few months before that. So you haven't even been open a year?

No. That's pretty dang good, to be honest with you. I mean, if you're doing $300,000 a month in revenue and you haven't even been open a year, that's for, that's very good.

Like, I mean, in looking at your campaign, honestly, there's so many, like, it just, what you're doing, I mean, I'm even looking at that campaign that it's done. You've spent $1,600 on it, you've only spent $5,000. That's telling me how long has that campaign really been running, you know?

Um, but, going into that, man, um, how many people are on that list, are those lists, you know? Off the top of your head or rough estimate? Um, phew.

I mean, like I said, we haven't touched custom audiences, like custom, like, email lists like that, um, since December. Like, once I uploaded them to the account, I haven't touched them since then, because, you know, we started getting purchases on this ad account. Uh, but I think we had like a few hundred, I think like eight, nine hundred on that email list.

Awesome, awesome. Okay, definitely. So, um, going into the next step here, um, let's see here.

Um, so going into the solution, I really, I don't have to learn that much more. I understand really what we're doing here. Um, it's pretty obvious, we're doing, uh, conversions, right?

Maybe we're trying to get people to buy something. Um, so what I'm gonna tell you to do is really continue what you're doing. I think you're doing a really good job.

Um, you guys are making purchases, you're having a really good cost for results, and the things you've told me is crazy, it's a lot of stuff, right? Mm-hmm. Um, I was just gonna tell you, do conversions, acquisition, and retargeting.

And notice in the ad account, you are doing retargeting too, I would definitely focus on that. I would really recommend a retargeting campaign every seven days. Okay.

Um, so what I would do is do conversions campaign, um, people who are most likely to buy from you, right? The algorithm looks for people in the bottom of the funnel that are gonna buy, right? Um, from here, this is a great first impression, or clear intent, that when the person hits the landing page, they know they're adding the cart and they're buying, right?

They're not just going to the website, fiddling around for a little while, and then they become an ad to cart with your pixel later. Mm-hmm. Um, from here, we're gonna talk about your targeting, using lookalikes and custom audiences.

Um, basically using lookalike audiences to find new people, based on those certain trends, right? That are similar to the people that you already have in terms of interests and behaviors on the Facebook platform. Then using custom audiences that go after new people, retargeting people that you already have, um, definitely is a good idea.

Okay. One last thing I would definitely do talk about is detail targeting. Use it.

It's working really well for you. The ad, the campaign that's working, doing the best with the best results, is the one that you're using detail targeting. Um, going after potential audience, prospecting, right?

Each site has a different meaning, right? Or a different audience. So we definitely want to keep using detail targeting, right?

Right. So basically prospect who those potential people are that could buy. Um, that is one of those things where we can, um, definitely, I would definitely recommend doing lookalike and custom audience on that.

So then just recapping on that. Basically using custom audiences and lookalike audience to acquire new customers in your funnel that could potentially buy from you later or now. Retargeting people that have seen something or have gone to something of yours, right?

They've gone and engaged with a heightened action. Retarget that ad the current every seven days, right? Retargeting people that are not going to be able to buy from you later.

And then, um, using that detail targeting to prospect the correct audience, the right audience for the signs that we come out with. Because our product has so many varied audiences, it's hard to come out with a target market. But for each target market, for each sign that has a different audience, let's prospect that.

Find the right people. Find purchasers, right? That we can convert them into a custom audience or a lookalike audience later down the road.

So, um, going to the next step here, going into creative video, I like carousel. I think if you have a lot of products, um, how many products do you have for signs? Um, I mean, I think we have probably like 20, 30 signs in the store, um, with about probably like 4 or 5 best sellers.

Okay, cool. Definitely. So, definitely creating a carousel of the 10 cards, you know, that showcase different ones you have.

Um, you know, we, Sicily, when we target, we target all those interests that are related to that creative. So, it connects our audience to the creative, right? We find someone that's a firefighter and they find the firefighters that they want to buy.

They can click the card. Each can have its own specific unique landing page, right? And also, um, can, um, it creates intention or action, right?

Sometimes, because when you hit them, it's going, right? So, the ad is a card. They're not fumbling around on where they have to go on the website.

Trying to push farther action off of something that someone did, right? They are, just, generated some awareness also about your brand, right? Because they now know the next time they get an ad from you, they know, they kind of understand, hey, I know who that is.

I've seen that ad before. I watched their video. It was really cool.

Oh, I'm kind of interested. Maybe I'll go through it. Maybe finding video is another way to drive sales, right?

Going into optimization, I know you say you're, um, it's not as clear. It's 50 in a seven day period of time of whatever you optimize for. So, you're doing purchases.

You do need 50 in a seven day period of time to optimize. Optimization means the algorithm becomes more intelligent with our business and our audience and then start to serve it, right? And find higher value people, right?

The best people for our business. Um, I would definitely recommend it. Um, being able to optimize.

Again, one maybe suggestion is that you're not optimizing on some of the campaigns. You do an ongoing campaign. Shift your budget a day to the campaign that's performing best.

So the algorithm has more of a budget to work with with your audience and Go has more to go after. Um, then placements here are automatic places we recommend. We have five across the platform or as we've seen it serve.

Opting into automatic places serves across all five places and puts it towards the budget that performs the best. Um, so, with that being said, I'd love to send you a follow up call with you. Um, I would like to build a campaign with you, walk through some optimization and things like that.

It looks like what you're doing, you're doing a lot right now. I know you do, if there are things coming up though, you feel like fathers and stuff. I'd love to have a call, another call with you.

You know, we continue having these calls, and you're acting on your ad account and I can definitely keep giving you some just suggestions, advice. Um, definitely any type of insight I see. Maybe ways we can optimize the campaign to help with the results, right?

Or try to help with the results. Does that sound good with you? Yeah, yeah, no, I mean, I'm totally open for that.

Awesome. Maybe we can even, if you haven't started yet, if we have enough, I mean, when you're planning to do the Father's Day campaign, maybe we can definitely just sit on the screen and I can walk you through things. I know you're very, you're pretty, you're really proficient, but we definitely can talk through some more jokes and crannies.

Other things, man, drag still a little help out, to be honest, right? So, like, we can definitely find some things, find two new things. I have Friday of next week at 2.30pm my time, but I work with you May 15th.

Um, let's do something more towards the beginning of the following week. How about May 18th? May 18th.

Is that Monday? The Monday, um, and something kind of midday. Uh, what time zone are you on?

Uh, central time. Central? Okay.

Um, I have 9am my time, 10am my time, and 1045am my time. You're two hours ahead. So what's midday looking like for you, did you say?

Okay, so let's see, you have something 9am open for you? Yeah, it's 11am your time. 11am my time?

Perfect. I can do, yeah, May 18th at 11am. Yep, 9am my time.

It's gonna be sent to your calendar. We just booked it. Um, it was a pleasure talking to you today, Nick.

Um, if you have any other questions, just let me know right now. Or if not, through email. You have my email, but reach out to me again.

You have me for as long as you're active on your ad account, so we can continue to schedule calls even if we're not building ads and you're active on your ad account. Definitely can start working with some different things. If you want to maybe go back into DPAs, since we started driving more action on the pixel, we definitely could start doing that and maybe testing it again, if you would like to do some other kind too.

Alright, let's focus, I think, is more convergence and focusing on that promotion, a Father's Day promotion. I think really talking through a marketing and advertising strategy around that so that we can find the best people to purchase for, right? Find the best target audience, maybe using one campaign as detailed targeting, just using lookalike audiences off of website traffic, purchases to target them on something new.

Hey, Father's Day is coming up. Pick your dad something super nice or your husband something super nice, right? Yeah.

It's a pleasure to talk to you again today, man. If you have any questions, feel free to ask now. But if not, have a great day and I'll talk to you next.

I'll look forward to talking to you on May 18th. Yeah, man. Yeah, one more question before you go.

So I actually do run a few other ad accounts as well. This is not my only ad account. Yeah.

So yeah, definitely maybe another time we can talk about those other ad accounts. Second thing. If they're not connected, if I don't have access to them, I can't, unfortunately, I can't work with them.

I can definitely, any insight I give you on this account, you can also apply to that one if you're doing the same thing. Yeah. I don't have to do the objective.

I apologize for that. It's just, if it's not on here. We definitely can still talk insight.

Okay. Cool, cool. And then I think about our second thing is, you know, if we continue this relationship, helping each other out, one of the things that I guess is, let's just say for example, I don't know, I have a problem with that account.

Like I know one time this ad account was disabled, mistakenly. Are you kind of like someone that I could just reach out to instead of going through the manual review process or? I'm someone you can reach out to and guide you to the right support.

So I'm someone that can send you to support link. I can walk through it with you on a screen share if you need it, if you really want me to. Like I'm willing to do that.

Okay. Walk through support, I do know it's kind of confusing sometimes because it's not real clear where you go from that link. But I can definitely be that support to walk you through that type of stuff.

So, yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.

Yeah. Cause I'm just trying to see if you know, you'd come like an inside man cause I know a few, you know, I've been doing this for three, four years now. I've worked on many different ad accounts and you have, you know, I've had one or two that got shut down for very bland reasons.

And I could never get them back. And you know, then I've had other ad accounts that got like, you know. I've had clients that have gotten flags for things that are just like, really?

Like, but it's cause the system is so specific. Oh, yeah. And I know it's like automatic.

It's, you know, it's a machine and stuff and I can totally understand. And then I'll reach out to like a support person, you know, just using the standard manual review process. And then it's like, they won't tell me exactly what I did.

And then I'll do it like two times. And like the second time I'm like, Oh, it was our mistake. I'm like, okay, well, the first time it was.

So, but anyway, it would just be cool to, you know, have that connection now to where, you know, obviously I know I'm going to be just calling you like a friend, but you know, send you an email and you can give me a little bit of guidance further on that. Definitely. I would love to keep having calls with you.

There's something, even if we know everything, every type of information is important information. Being able to have someone there that sits there and gives you insight about your campaigns, how they're doing, what we're working with, you know, definitely can always learn and helps us make your campaigns a lot better too. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, I appreciate that. But yeah.

Let's see. And then, yeah, you're going to send me over that second call link. I think I already got it in my email.

And yeah. Yeah. It's a calendar invite.

Okay. So it's already me there. Okay.

Cool. And then I'm guessing you said a screen share. Are we going to do a zoom call?

On the next call? Definitely could. Okay.

Yes. We definitely can. We use zoom.

So. Okay. Cool.

Cool. Well, that sounds good, Aaron. I mean, I appreciate you giving me a call, especially on a short notice.

No problem, man. You have a great rest of your day and I'll talk to you later. Thank you, man.

You too. Bye. Bye.

Bye. All right, guys. That was it.

all right guys that was it that was my call experience with a Facebook marketing expert now this is a service that Facebook offers itself this is Facebook actually emailing me saying hey chat with marketing expert how knowledgeable was he he was pretty bad knowledgeable I mean he um he told me everything I knew but it's also good to have that person inside I will do a follow-up call with him just to see if he can bring any awareness to my perspective right now because I feel like you can always learn something and I know for me the probably the biggest thing with Facebook is there's a few things here and there like you know the learning learning limits it on an ad set because I've had ad sets before that we're just getting the 50 conversions a week say if I optimize it for initiate checkouts that are purchased and performing way worse than just having learning limited ad set etc but yeah I'm gonna continue the relationship with them because like I've seen or like I've said during that call I kind of want that person so if I get an ad account problem something like that I can shoot them over a message and they can help me out so but yeah guys thank y'all for watching this video if you're new to the channel I make Facebook marketing videos business advice e-com all that good stuff so make sure you hit that subscribe button below and also to do vlogs if you're interested in that and I'll see you guys tomorrow peace