Why your Facebook ads are not working and how to fix it coming from someone who spends close to $2 million a month on Facebook ads and runs an advertising agency and also coaches and mentors of over 100 students on a monthly basis. That being said, let's dive into the video. So number one, you're selling an iPhone 4 when literally everyone wants an iPhone 15.

I can't tell you how many times I turn down clients who want to work in the agency or literally tell students as soon as they join the group like your product is trash because they purely do not have a, you know, I would say like a product people want. So, you know, if you're selling an iPhone 4 and everyone wants an iPhone 15, that is a huge disadvantage if you're trying to scale and grow inside of Facebook. Yes, sure.

Maybe there's still a small portion of the population that would buy an iPhone 14. And that's exactly why you have low results because there's such a small population of people that would buy that product. I remember I had this particular client that came on board or not really came on board.

They, uh, they try to interview for the agency and, you know, they were selling like cigarette patches, right? And told this person like, Hey, look, I can literally go. And I pulled it up on Walgreens.

And I literally said, I can go to Walgreens right now, five minutes away, pick up these exact same things. Why should I buy it from your brand? And there was zero response on that.

So you need to have a product that's superior. You need to have a product that people want to buy. You need to have a product that's better than other products on the marketplace.

If you truly want to scale, if you want those little 10, 20, $30 days of ad spend, and like a sell here to there, that's just like barely break even and very frustrating with performance up and down, then keep selling your iPhone four. But if you really want to grow a brand that can do six, seven figures a month, then you need a superior product in the marketplace. Next thing is your landing page.

And look, I'm going to give you guys just one landing page to check out. That is Rose Skin Co. Check out their Lumi right here.

Easily one of the best landing pages when it comes down to a product page that you can articulate. They're literally hitting on all of the key things. There's a theme for this brand.

There is social proof for this brand in terms of like high level people, you know, basically showing their support for this brand. They have high quality product photos in there. They're hitting on the benefits of the product and some of the problems that overcomes.

They're addressing all of the objections that the customer has before purchasing. And they're also showing how the product works as well as hundreds of customer reviews, like all the good stuff. Go to Rose Skin Co.

Check out their Lumi and just rip their whole, like all the little key things they're doing and just replace it with your product. But this is holds back so many people. I've seen people have like super high tech advanced websites that they spend a lot of time just like investing into and being completely trashed because they went too complex.

So another thing is keep it simple. Rose Skin Co.'s website. It's very simple and easy to use.

I've also seen people with, you know, like really amazing products and everything and just a terrible like here with the here's the product does and what it does and all that good stuff right there. So they didn't really sell it and they didn't really adjust any objections or anything like that. It's just like, here's the product.

So definitely check out Rose Skin Co.'s website. I don't really want to go too deep on this. I'm not a landing page specialist, but I am a direct response copywriter and I do create as I convert because I understand people's sales process and the landing page is part of the sales process of people further understanding the product.

Now, next thing is account structure. And if you're still running an account structure of a whole bunch of campaigns like this, you seriously need a wake up call. I've been preaching this now for about two years.

So, you know, you guys should already know that we're rocking the one campaign structure per country. We're gonna be building out this campaign right here and separating each of the countries. We just did like an other countries test real quick, but it's our USA campaign right here.

Spending 10K a day. Last seven days spent $84,000. Yeah.

I mean, we're rocking multiple accounts that are spending 10K plus a day with this exact structure right here. And like I said, I've been preaching on this channel for two years now. If you want to know more about that, just go watch the YouTube video, new Facebook ad strategy, a scale and econ brand in 2024.

So now that you have the product, right? The landing page, right? You're running the ad account correctly.

The last thing and the most important thing is your creatives of the actual ads you're uploading to Facebook. 90% of your content on a monthly basis should be freshly shot content, whether it's photos or videos that's deployed into the Facebook ad account. So a couple of things here, what I see the most is that people don't understand what the job is, the Facebook ad.

So the job of the Facebook ad is to call out what people want across the market. So maybe they want more money. Maybe they want to lose weight.

Maybe they want to stop having low robust. Maybe they want a girlfriend and it's your objective, which you're at a call out that show what they want and then show how your product gives them that once they understand, Hey, I want a girlfriend, your product being tender, your ad showing me how Tinder can give me a girlfriend and boom, you know, that's it. That's all we're doing here.

That's all our objective is of an ad. Here's a great example right here. People want straighter teeth.

They're introducing this product and then they click on the landing page to find out more how that product works for them. Here's another one right here. People want basically to sleep throughout the night and not going to worry about their baby crying all night.

So this ad right here is calling that out, driving a lot of curiosity and hinting at the benefits of if they click this, they're going to learn how to essentially get that. And then they take it to a little longer form sales page right there. So your objective, which you're at is to call it what people want or the problem people are dealing with, and then showing them how your product through the ad gets them that particular result, or at least just getting the right people to click to where that you can finish highlighting that on your sales page and your landing page.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. These are like the common things I see after literally mentoring hundreds of students on a monthly basis, working with over 10 different brands on a monthly basis on my agency and spending close to $2 million a month on Facebook ads. If you're interested in working with my agency, click the link below, have Nick Theriot run your ads.

If you're interested in me mentoring you, click the link below, have Nick Theriot mentor you. It's a monthly mentoring program. And then if you want just a one-time course, click the link below to have access Nick's Facebook ads course.

That being said, guys, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.