This is easily the number one Facebook ad creative mistake I see my team members making and also to the 100 plus students I mentor every single month. This is holding you back from creating more winning ads that allow you to scale your Facebook ad spend month over month. Without further ado, let's dive into it.

So this mistake is called marketing hypothesis. And a marketing hypothesis is basically your reason why you are going to spend time, spend money and spend resources on developing a creative to fix a gap or a problem in your marketing funnel. And I see way too many people, like I said, even some of my students, even some of my team members make this as like an entry level mistake where there's no marketing hypothesis built behind it.

And the reason why this is important is because if you actually have a well-structured hypothesis of, Hey, I did the research. I understand this crowd of people is being underserved ads. And I think we could position our product as a great solution to satisfy their desire.

That's a lot better than just, Hey, I'm gonna create an ad. All right, cool. This color looks cool.

Let me throw my product on it. Boom. Let's upload it.

And what happens is you end up creating a lot of ads when you just know where they're not built by hypothesis and you have no reason why they don't work. You're just like, Oh, I'm testing a lot of creatives. I don't really see any success with it.

Now, if you actually had a built hypothesis around every single one you do, then you look at it more from like a mathematical equation side slash like scientific approach to it. Hey, here's all the different ways we can position our product in the marketplace. Here's the different like desires.

Here's the different reason why we think our product will do well with that particular desire. And then you go create those ads and you have a much higher hit rate of winning creatives, you know, be at allow you to scale spin on Facebook ads month over month, which, you know, allows you to grow your Shopify store month over month and, you know, hit those revenue goals and profit goals you're looking for. So first things first, let's just sort of start diving into this.

First off, this is all going to come from your research. Again, I recommend doing at least 30 minutes a day for research. I have videos, my channel around market research and stuff, but I'm looking at the three main areas.

I'm looking at our brand. I'm looking at our competitors. I'm looking at online content and I'm just researching every day to better understand my markets, better understand my audience.

And this is also where I get those winning ad ideas. So for example, we had a hypothesis this is built off a comment on social media for one of our clients that literally helped them scale to $2.5 million a month in revenue. So we found this when we're looking at our brand, we're looking at the ad comments on our brand.

And I say our brand as in like, just that's the part of research, but this was like for a client we did this far. So it's not like our brand in house. Just want to clarify that real quick.

And looking through the ad comments, we saw two girls tag each other and say, hey, girls night soon question mark. And that led us to giving us a hypothesis of, hey, can we position this product as a fun thing activity that girls can do on girls night together? That was it.

That was our hypothesis. And we knew that if this worked, it would increase performance because there's a large crowd of people who do like girls night and things like that. And sure enough, it did.

And this was one of the hypothesis out of the 25. We tested 25 different hypothesis that failed for this brand and the 26 one won. And that was this particular thing right here.

So that's why it's so important to do research because that's where you find some of those ad ideas that you can build strong hypothesis around it. And basically what this hypothesis looks like is if I do X, it will do X, which will improve performance. So here's something right here.

Based off research, girls are buying this for girls night. If I position this product as a fun girls night activity, it'll be better resonate with my customers, which will increase performance. And that's the ad we created for this particular brand.

And like I said, we capped out about $2.5 million in a single month from this ad, which took this brand from about $150,000 a month to about $2.5 million a month in revenue. So then from there, the next key thing is, is you want a place to store this. I give this sheet to all my people in my course and all the people in my inner circle.

So no, I'm not giving this too free for you guys. But if you get into my course or have Nick's her a mentor in the inner circle, I'll happily give you this sheet. And this is basically where I just log in all of our different hypothesis.

You can see right here. And then each batch number is a different concept. So this can be an iteration.

This can be a variation or it's gonna be a new concept. It'd be one of those three. So 119, 124, 129 right here.

And you can see, you know, we're currently in progress on this one. Personas fitness enthusiasts desire we're going out there to lose weight or solution aware. We're introducing a new mechanism and we're creating a video ad.

And then basically here's our hypothesis, basically talking about how we want to go after the revenge body this summer with this 15 minute hack. Hot girl summer is a big thing. Breakups are a big thing.

I want to incorporate that desire into the video and explain how interests are disappearing with this workout at home by using this Pilates bar. So that was our hypothesis right there. And you see, these are all still in progress.

I don't have actual data yet because these are still being created. So you need a place to log this. And then from there, you actually go and build out those concepts.

If you've been following the channel for a while, you already know, I do the DCT testing or flexible ads testing. Now where I do three creatives around this concept 119 right here, all three will be the video ad. The only thing different will be the visual hook and then boom.

And then I'll do that for all of these particular hypothesis right here. Now, again, looking into this a little bit further, here's just a couple other examples real quick. This was another ad right here.

That was a winning ad for us. And our hypothesis was about, Hey, due to the nature of the product, we cannot show a before and after. If we show an analogy of the product results that people can understand, it will better improve the prospects understanding of the benefit they will receive and improve performance.

This was another winning ad for us. Here's another hypothesis right now. This is more of an iteration of an ad versus like a variation or a new concept.

Right now we're calling out people in the headline. And if we call it seniors, it'll directly call out our ideal customer, which will improve performance. You can see right here, here's the seniors one.

Here's the people. That was the original ad. And this is a new ad that, you know, drove 10 times more leads with a $43 cost per acquisition or a cost per lead versus a 48, but significantly less spin right there.

So more spin, more leads, all that good stuff. Here's another one. Due to Valentine's day working so well due to the urgency to purchase, we can test out our other evergreen gifting days to likely create the same effect.

So this was an ad right here that worked amazing for Valentine's day. So all we did was simply create other gifting like variations itself. So like birthday anniversary, things like that.

And then lastly, we need to increase the believability in our ads as just saying the product will lower their energy bill is not believable. We need to showcase proof by showing an energy bill dropping in price. So another winning ad right here, we didn't really have, we were talking a lot about dropping price.

We're talking a lot about, you know, energy bills dropping, but we weren't showing actual energy bills on paper. And due to this, it was creating less believability. So we had a hypothesis.

If we actually show the energy bill, it'll do a lot better in terms of performance. And sure enough, it became a winning ad right there. So again, key thing is creating a hypothesis that if I do X, it will do Y, which will improve performance.

If I showcase me in a Lamborghini talking about how to scale Facebook ads, it will better position me as authority in the Facebook ads niche and get a lot more views, which will improve, you know, the number of students I get inner circle members and clients and things like that. If I do a video in Facebook ads and teaching people how to run Facebook ads in 2024, it will better resonate with the current trend of people that are searching for how to run Facebook ads in 2024, which will give me significantly more views on YouTube. So again, it's all about understanding these key things because now you're building advertising from a more structured scientific approach, which will improve your quality.

And it's also going to drop your quantity. You're not going to test as many ads now because now you're building well-structured hypothesis that it's going to take a lot more time. You're going to test a lot less quantity, but the quality is going to be significantly higher, which is going to improve your winning ad hit rate, which again, will allow you to lower NCCPA, increase your ROAS, scale your Facebook ads, and grow your Shopify store month over month.

So really appreciate y'all watching this. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, I specifically help Shopify store owners scale from $100,000 a month to seven figures a month.

We've helped four store owners now. Love to help you become the next one. And if you want me to mentor you, click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

And if you want my Facebook ad course that specifically focuses on how to build Facebook ad creatives that convert, click link below to Nick's Facebook ads course. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.