How do you create more urgency in your Facebook ads? To where people are literally jumping up off their couch to go grab their wallet, almost tripping and falling on the floor as they're trying to run to grab the wallet to pull their credit card out to buy your product right now. How do you create that urgency in Facebook ads?

Without these scarcity timers, these countdown timers that people are clearly just do not give a fuck about because literally everyone's doing it and everyone is running it 24-7. So it's just like, oh, like consumers are getting smarter now to the point of realizing, hey, that's all fake shit and looks scammy. So how do you create more urgency to buy now?

Well, today I'm going to show you an example with one of our clients where, you know, we're running this ad right now where there's no real urgency to buy. It's showing a insulation service. People can add to their attic and how like if you have bad insulation, you know, simply we can fix that, right?

And then creating that urgency to where, oh shit, like I need that. I need to get off my couch right now and buy this shit right now. So we're going to go exactly into how you create that urgency and you can manufacture that into your advertising.

So first off, you need to understand the three reasons why people do not buy. Reason number one, it's too complicated. I like to use PayPal as a great example for this where, you know, like way, way, way back early 2000s when they were first getting started, maybe even like late 90s, you know, when they were first getting started, the tech boom, all that good stuff, you know, they were leading with like advertising and messaging that was like, hey, you can transfer digital currencies through a 128-bit encrypted network, you know, through this X protocol.

And it's like, what the fuck? And it's like, oh, well, you can send money from your email to your friend's email. And it's like, oh, okay, that makes more sense.

So if you're too complicated in your messaging and your creatives, that's one ring that's just going to push people away. So the second thing is that things are too expensive, right? So, hey, your product's like $400 or $200.

Rose Skin Co. does a phenomenal job at this with their Lumi IPL. So Rose Skin Co., they know their product is like $200 or like maybe $189, depending on time of the year.

And they're specifically targeting women 20 to 30 years old. So, you know, they know they have, it's like a big ask, right? So what they lead with is, hey, you already spend thousands of dollars a year on what I would say, like going to the doctor, you know, you take off work, you go, you make this appointment at this place that does the laser hair removal.

You know, the average bill might be $200, $300 a session. You do a couple of these sessions a year. You're spending $800, $900 a year on hair removal.

And then you still got to do it year over year. So like you can quickly wind up spending a couple thousand dollars on, you know, this hair removal, right? So our product is only $189.

It lasts a lifetime. It has a lifetime warranty as well. And it's just one cost.

And you can use it every week for as long as you want and only pay that one cost $189. And you can do it from the comfort of your own home. So you lead with a more expensive solution first, then you show a cheaper solution, which is your solution.

Now it's not cheaper in terms of build quality. It's still a phenomenal product, but leading with the more expensive solution first, and then going to the cheaper product, which is your product, it's still a really good product, but it's lower in price in leading with the expensive one first. It makes your product look lower, lower priced and more like, oh, hey, that's actually not expensive at all.

Now, reason number three, not important enough. And this is the one we're going to specifically cover today, because if it's not important enough, there's no urgency. If there's no urgency, people aren't going to purchase now.

You'll likely get a lot of people like adding to cart, but like not converting. You might get a lot of website visitors, good clicks on your ads, but not converting at all. And you know, a lot of people like typically go to CRO.

And I'm like, before we go to CRO, is there anything we can do to increase the urgency in the ad, increase that give a fuck from your customers and want to get up off the couch and run and go grab their wallet. And that's what we look at next. So again, not important.

This is out of sight, out of mind, bad insulation in your attic place. Like we can fix that, right? Here's the before, here's the after.

The problem here is that, you know, likelihood, the average person, average homeowner, they're not consistently looking in their attic place to, so what? Like, I don't care. Like just changing my insulation.

What's that going to do for me? Like they don't really put the two and two together. Whereas we made it more important by showing the impact a insulation in the attic's place can create on your electricity bill every month.

And we know people fill this every month when they're getting a bill for $500, depending on where they live at. This was specifically in Arizona, where it's something that hottest time of the year. So we showcase something that's a lot more meaningful, a lot more give a fuck, a lot more painful.

And what we simply want to look at here is we want to look at extending the benefits. So for us, it's, hey, you know, what is like the impact of creating the, you know, adding the insulation, right? And it's like, oh, well, keep your house cooler.

Okay. So if it keeps the house cooler and because like, you know, you don't have to run the AC as much, then what is one of those benefits if we don't have to run the AC as much? Well, and if it changes the power bill, sure enough, a lot of customers report it, a lower power bill due to this.

So we took something from out of sight, out of mind to, Hey, I face this every month, you know, every month when they get that big power bill and it's like, this sucks. Well, guess what? Here's the solution.

Now we don't even show the solution, right? We lead with the symptom and then we allow them to find out the solution on our product page and or on our sales page, right? That's where we go from there.

So this is a great example of how we create more urgency by simply targeting something that people give a fuck more about, essentially, by just simply doing a little bit more of understanding of how the product benefits that person's life. You know, what are like the benefits of the benefits of this product itself? And can we lead with one of those benefits of the benefits and then go into like, Hey, here's how that product can help you out there.

And this way we can target something with a little bit more like, Ooh, desire a little bit more urgency to solve. And this is how you can increase that urgency in your Facebook ads advertising. So that way, again, number one, you're gonna get a lot more people that are like, Hey, I want to buy now.

Versus, Hey, okay, cool. That's cool. But I don't have any urgency right now for that.

So yeah, hopefully this helps you guys out. If this helps you out and you apply it in a specific way for your product, drop a comment below. And if you enjoyed this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you're doing at least a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue, which your shop by store, and you want us to come in and run all your ads, help you scale to multiple seven figures a month. We've helped three brand or four brands now, scale to seven figures a month. And we'd love to help you become the next one.

So click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And if you want to be one-on-one mentored with me, click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. And then lastly, if you want a Facebook ads course specifically showing you all the marketing fundamentals, we use things like this over and over and over to consistently and confidently provide results for our clients and our students, then click the link below to Nick's Facebook ads course.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

Peace out.