Today, I have a new video for you guys where I'm going to show you guys how exactly we can create a new video creative like Facebook ad script in under 60 seconds. And got something interesting for you guys. This will be more for the beginners to intermediate advertisers out there, how you can get some fresh new ad scripts, then 60 seconds specifically for videos, essentially.

So before we get started, questioning why I'm credible to teach you these things. I run a advertising agency. I've done over $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads, specifically for my clients, coach and mentor students as well.

So click links below for that information. And hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And let's dive into the video.

So we're going to keep this short, quick. It's actually a funny tactic right here I found. Actually, one of my students who just could not create scripts.

I was like, hey, here's a quick tip for you. So first thing we're going to do is go to foreplay, foreplay.co. That's what I like to use.

It's just like an ads library with some of the top 1% like Facebook advertisers. And inside of here, I'm just going to search basically for watch band. And we're going to try to go like for like an Apple watch band.

Okay, cool. We're just going to click on this one. Just find one you like, you know, maybe it's this one.

Got this one right here. We're specifically looking for one with like a voice over. So I like this one.

So what I'm gonna do is I'm just going to click on this and click on download. Now I just downloaded this video. And what I'm gonna do is go here to cockatoo.

I know foreplay and cockatoo, two new tools for you guys to have fun with two new toys. I'm just going to upload this video to cockatoo. And basically what cockatoo is going to do is it's going to transcribe this video and take this video and turn it into a script or just transcribe it.

You'll see what I mean by in a second. So let me go to my transcripts. And then I'm going to click on here.

Basically, basically the whole thing. Why does no one make titanium bands for normal Apple watches? Here you go.

Say goodbye. It's an ugly on blah, blah, blah. And you know, basically the full thing.

So one caveat to this is that I'm also assuming that our product is an Apple watch band for titanium. So that's one thing I'm assuming. Make sure your product is the same product.

That's all I got to say. Now we're going to go chat GPT, whether you use 4.0 or 3.5 up to you. Basically just going to say below is a script from one of our competitor.

Again, I'm going to assume I'm selling a titanium Apple watch band as well. Again, make sure you at least within your realm, if you were a particular video. I'm sure if one of our competitors selling and a titanium.

Oh God, that's terrible. Did I spell that right or wrong? I don't know.

Drop it a comment below. Uh, competitors selling a titanium Apple watch band. We are selling the same and the same.

Please create three unique scripts or ad scripts based off their script below as inspiration. Boom. Now I'm going to let, uh, basically chat GPT do all the hard work and yeah, we got us an ad script now that we can use, um, tire of the same old silicone watch bands for your Apple watch, break the mold for our own with our own titanium bands, a sleek chick upgrade designs, enhance your personal style.

No worries about size. Cool. Like obviously there'll be a little tweak into some of these with the next thing I like to do is I like to say something like, uh, I really like number one.

Can you add B roll and filming diary directions for our content creator to film? There we go. Okay, cool.

So we have our B roll closeup shot tired of the same old silicone watch bands for your Apple watch B roll Apple watch with a silicone band park reveal, break the mold of our own titanium bands. B roll hands unboxing our titanium band. Cool.

Like we have basically our filming instructions. Basically I can do from here is copy this and I can go on a website like Billy. Oh, uh, Billy.

Oh, okay. Um, Billy is more for like the beginners where you can pay pretty cheap for like a script or like for a UGC video, uh, for the big dogs who are willing to spend at least a hundred dollars a video for a little bit higher level creators go to incense. Uh, if you mentioned my name, Nick Theriot, you get a hundred dollar ad credits or creator credits who are going to help you get some free content.

Um, but yeah, both of them pretty solid Billy. Oh, you're going to spend about $50 per video. Um, instance is more around the hundred, $200 per video.

Um, still a little bit of lower. There is some lower videos, but it's just not the greatest quality. Um, but yeah, so I'll basically just go and create a, um, like, uh, basically just get started higher creator, send them the script, send them the product.

And then within a week I'll have a fully done video. Yeah. So check this out, try it out.

Let me know if it works. Uh, you don't necessarily have to use foreplay. You can just go download any video on Facebook ad library.

Uh, just, yeah. And you can also probably to say some other stuff in here for like chat GPT, like, Hey, we do have a completely different product, but we want the same style and theme as this of like just the route of it. But yeah, here's how to create a video ad script within 60 seconds.

Uh, you can leverage and go deploy to where like literally anyone, even people who are just running Facebook ads today. Of course, we don't completely do this because we're, you know, pretty high level agency and clients pay us a lot of money to really do a really good time. Good job at writing these scripts.

And while this will get you moving, this is good. Uh, high level agencies like us, um, you know, we really take it to that next level. So like this will do substantially better than you not knowing a single thing about advertising, but it won't be like the in all be all.

This will at least get you to a couple hundred dollars a day. It's a couple of thousand dollars day in revenue, but you really want to go to that next level. That's when you need to understand those higher level marketing, uh, principles that chat GPT just doesn't do.

And this doesn't really, you know, last that long, uh, for that right there, but we'll do substantially better for anyone who doesn't know how to write a script. But yeah, guys, hope y'all enjoyed this video. Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.