So if you want to make more winning ads with Facebook, you need to raise your standards for what you allow to be a creative on Facebook. What do I mean by that? If you are someone who just uploads anything to Facebook and don't really have a standards or kind of like a checklist to go through before you upload that ad, and you're just kind of playing that game of, oh, I hope it sticks and scales.

Whereas if you have your, if you raise your standards for what you allow to become an ad, you'll test less ads, but you'll have a higher degree of winning ads inside of the account. So today I'm going to show you a checklist that I put together, kind of coming off common things I see between students and even my team that make mistakes when creating creatives for Facebook and what specifically that checklist looks like. So let's first go into it.

We're going to go into a strong hook. So the hook has three objectives, call out your ideal audience, intrigue, curiosity, and imply a benefit. Ideal audience, intrigue, curiosity, imply a benefit.

Now it doesn't necessarily need a call out ideal audience, like saying like, Hey girls, you know, who do XYZ. It can also just be kind of calling out like a statement that only that ideal audience would appeal. So like for example, right here, this is for my girlies who need a girl's night soon.

This is not calling out football players in middle school. This is not calling out overworked executives who like to smoke cigars and whiskey at the end of the day. This is calling out girlies who need a girl's night soon.

We're also not saying ladies. We're not saying grandma. We're not saying women.

We're saying girlies. We're kind of being a little bit extra on the feminine side to kind of appeal to that more younger demographic right there. Next thing intrigues curiosity.

This is for my girls who need a girl's night soon versus paint by numbers is fun to do on girl's night. One of these make you want to watch the next scene. One of these make you want to click or continue reading.

And the other one is just more, okay, cool. Scroll past last one implies a benefit. So this is for my girlies who need a girl's night soon.

So we're intriguing that curiosity that this is going to be a fun thing or kind of like this, this thing for a girl's night. That's just going to make the girl's night better. It's a little bit more of a difficult hook on this side right here in terms of that, the implied benefits, but it does lead some little bit of like hints at a benefit to be accomplished through this.

This one does do a good job at ideal audience paint by numbers is fun doing girl's night and also to implying a benefit. But again, it lacks the intrigue of curiosity. This is really powerful right here.

This is very, very, very powerful is that intrigue curiosity. Now there will be some exceptions for that curiosity factor. We're in deeper stages of awareness, like product aware, aware, getting product aware of people that's already been to your website.

They've already consumed some of your contents and then aware of people that are like ready to buy. They're just waiting for a right price. These are where we can make more just statements.

For example, at 60 miles per hour, the loudest noise in the Rolls Royce is the electric clock. And this particular case is right here. We're just making statements about the product or the offer because they're in such deep levels of market awareness.

Now, the next thing, the desire is being targeted. This is for my girlies who need a girl's night soon. This is the hook we use.

The desire is girl's night. And in the rest of the video, we showcase multiple examples of a girl's night being accomplished with our product. We're introducing a new mechanism for girl's night, which is paint by numbers.

And then we're showcasing their desire being fulfilled, having a great fun girl's night with that product right there. That's it. So we have a lot of visuals that showcase it.

We weren't those little kids online and like, Oh, just took a photo and said, perfect gift for girl's night. It's like, no, we went that extra step. And we actually went film content around girl's night because we want it to also on top of being desire, being targeted.

We want to speak to a targeted audience, right? We're not just saying, Oh, anyone who wants to have a fun night, use this product. We're calling out girlies who want a girl's night soon.

We're being very specific of who we chose as our target audience. You can leverage this in other different types of demographics as well. But when we were able to leverage a target audience, we were able to have a higher conversion rate because we're speaking to a really powerful desire.

And we're also speaking to a very good target audience right here. So again, both of these go hand in hand. Target audience comes down to your hook.

It comes down to the visuals and everything we showcase with that hook as well. Next is kind of the captions where text goes on like videos or photos. For example, here's like a video, for example, and we consistently move the captions based off where people's eyes go.

There's some hand movement right here. So it's easy for like people's eyes to gravitate towards that. And then here, this just say a graphic ad, but it's easy.

It's not a lot of text on the screen. It's easy for the eyes to flow here, then here, then kind of see these things around here. So that's another super big thing.

Next one is new visuals on screen every three seconds. So if you're doing a video, for example, every three seconds, we want some type of new camera angle, some type of new text, some type of new scenery, some type of new movement on the screen. People do not have the attention spans on social media, such as like TV and video or like movies and stuff like that.

So typically after three seconds of the same things on the screen, guess what? People are getting bored. And if we want to have increased that retention of people staying on that video, we need to kind of change those things up every three seconds.

Very, very easy one, but typos, are there any misspelled words in the video or photo? Yeah, very easy one, but you know, still have to put it right there. Next one is, does the visuals provide belief?

So I've made this example a couple of times now, but if I had the world's strongest iPhone case, what would be more believable? A photo saying world's strongest iPhone case or me dropping this phone in that case from a hundred foot building, picking up the phone after and showcasing how it fully works? Well, obviously the video and the video is going to provide more belief.

It's going to provide more likes, comments, shares, all those good things right there. And that's going to increase the amount we can spend on that particular ad versus the photo. So the visuals need to provide belief to the customer.

This product is for them. And then lastly, just the easiest last question you can ask yourself before you hit that publish button is, is this creative boring? If it's boring, it's not going to scale.

I've never seen a boring creative scale. I've seen bad design creative scale in terms of like, it's not the highest quality. Kind of looks like it was made in like Microsoft paint, for example, but it still said the right things that people needed to see.

But if it's boring and it's, it's too educational and it feels like one of my YouTube videos, you know, people are not going to want to watch that, right? You watch my YouTube videos because you're looking to get educated. You're not looking to get entertained.

If you want to get entertained, you'll probably go watch something like Mr. Beast, for example. But if you want to get educated, you watch this channel.

Same thing with ads. When people get up, hop on social media, they're looking to get entertained. They're not looking to get educated.

So all the ads need to be entertaining and that's not boring, right? The ad feels boring. People are not going to want to watch it.

They're not going to want to click on that photo. They're not going to read that photo. They're not going to want to watch that video or yada, yada, yada.

It's very important. They need to be fun, entertaining things. People want to see.

Now, hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, we specifically help brands that are doing already six figures a month who want to scale to seven figures a month in revenue.

Click the link below, have Nick Terrio run your ads. And if you want to join a private community of Shopify store owners doing at least $10,000 a month who will be privately mentored by me, who's helped multiple brands scale to seven figures a month, click the link below, have Nick Terrio mentor you. And if you're looking for a Facebook ads course that helps you scale past that 50 to a hundred dollars a day, mark an ad spin on Facebook, check out Nick Terrio's Facebook ads course.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.