What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Therrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I brought back on Chase Diamond who has driven close to or over $100 million with email marketing. He's probably one of the go-to guys to learn email marketing from. I'm a big fan of his content.

He does really well with what he does and brought him back on to talk about post and kind of during Black Friday of what you should be doing. It's out of Klaviyo and what type of email you should be sending out. I did an amazing video with them about two, three weeks ago where he talked about pre.

So if you haven't watched that yet, make sure you click the link below to watch that video as Black Friday is literally this week. So you need to be caught up on all that. And yeah, without further ado, Chase, welcome onto the show, man.

Nick, thanks for having me. Let's dive in. I want to give the people what they want.

They voted and commented to get me back and let's dive in. Is it cool if I get started? Yeah, let's get started, man.

So to kind of quickly gloss over kind of the during, we spent a lot of the last video as mentioned on the pre and some of the during, but this video is going to mainly focus on kind of the post. But during Black Friday, Southern Monday, specifically talking about email marketing, we want your campaigns to be way more aggressive. And for quick context, if you missed the first video, a campaign is a one-time send to a group of contacts.

Think about some kind of holiday blast or some kind of product launch. So we want these campaigns that most people are sending maybe one to two per week. We want to increase the frequency here to every day or every other day for a week-long period.

So you might want to start the Monday before Cyber Monday or maybe that Tuesday and then go from Tuesday through Tuesday, which I think the following Tuesday might be like Giving Tuesday or something. You're going to want to go for like that one-week period. And if you can, try to do a campaign per week.

And if you can't, try to do a campaign every other day, but make sure you send campaigns on Black Friday and Cyber Monday at the very, very least. So what we're going to do on the flow side now, right? So the campaign side is we're increasing frequency.

We're going to send a lot more often. We're going to hit people with the best offers. We're going to resend campaigns.

We're going to create new campaigns. So those folks that haven't converted. On the automation side, which we call flows, those are basically emails that are triggered off of some kind of event or behavior or action.

So think about you have a pop-up on your site. Someone that entered their email into the pop-up. That will trigger the welcome series for non-buyer.

Say someone's on your list. They add to cart. They don't start checkout.

They don't buy. That's going to trigger what we call the abandoned cart, right? So these are the automations.

The flows are pretty synonymous together. We want to make sure that we trigger the emails in these sequences much quicker than we typically do. So in the case of, let's say, an abandoned cart sequence, the first email we might want to send in normal times, let's say, anywhere from one to four hours.

And then instead, during this period of time, we're going to want to send that first email like 15 minutes after someone abandons their cart. For email two, in normal times, we typically send that, let's say, about 24 hours later. In Black Friday, Saturday, Monday week, we're going to want to send that second email maybe even as soon as like four to six hours later.

And then that third email in kind of non-Black Friday times will send typically, let's say, like another 24 to 48 hours after people abandon their cart if they still have not converted. We're going to want to send this, let's say, another 12 to 24 hours after email two. So we're going to be way more aggressive because the window of time to convert someone is much smaller.

Does that make sense on the kind of the drawing side? Yeah, I think that's a big misconception. A lot of brands I talk to, at least in the smaller range, is that they want to send out one email a week.

And when I tell them for Black Friday, hey, you need to pump up like two emails a day. And they're like, whoa, I don't want to spam out my customers and stuff. And I think that's a huge misconception because your customers, your prospects are getting hammered with emails.

From all the different brands they've subscribed to. And like this is the most important time to like really dig deep and post as much as you can through email efficiently, like Jay said. Yeah, dude, 100%.

And then kind of transitioning to like post, right? So Black Friday Saturday Monday itself isn't typically known for being super profitable, right? We're typically going to be spending a lot of money to acquire folks.

And really the goal is to be, you know, slightly profitable or break even, right? Knowing that, at least hopefully knowing that, email and some of these other channels, SMS and retargeting, remarketing are hopefully going to allow you to, you know, increase kind of the repeat purchase and ultimately increase the LTV of this customer. So BFCM really is a season of acquisition, not profit.

So what does that mean, right? That means that you really need to focus on the next one to three, maybe two to four months on nurturing these leads for as long as possible, right? These people coming in, they're probably going to be coming in if they're coming off of like a Facebook ad or Instagram ad with not a lot of context, right?

They're not going to have enough time to go through your welcome series for non-buyers, learn all about the company and know a ton about you. They might see your t-shirt online. They might see your hat.

Whatever you sell online looks like a great product, has some great reviews. It's a great discount and they're probably going to buy because they've got money to spend and you've got a great deal. So really what we're going to do now is just focus on nurturing and engaging these people.

So as soon as you finish with the sales process, you're going to want to hit the customers that bought from you with just a simple email from the founder or community manager or whoever is kind of the face of the brand, really just saying thank you. And this could be a plain text email, just thanking them for participating in the event themselves with the goal of trying to create that kind of connection, that bond with the customer to reduce buyer's remorse and ultimately set up that ability to get reviews from them in the future. Is that making sense so far?

Yes. Yes. I love the approach you said about getting the founder to say like a thank you.

Like that is huge right there. It's worked really well for us in the past. Amazing.

Yeah, I agree. Like I think the more personable, the more human, the more direct you can be, the better. And what we've really noticed is like for this VIP group of buyers, they often, sure, they want to use discounts and whatnot, but they oftentimes just want that personal connection and that relationship and that access and whatnot from the team, from the founder.

So make it plain text, make it feel a little bit personal. Some people are going to know it's an automated email and that's okay, but it's going to seem more personal and it might potentially inbox better, right? So really kind of that's an email we're going to send.

In addition to that, like our campaign strategy really is not going to want to include sending too many discounts or offers for at least a couple weeks, maybe like a month or two, right? Instead, we're going to want to engage our customers with stories, any kind of educational content, anything that gets them to kind of engage and participate. Getting them to reply, getting them to click, getting them to join a Facebook group, getting them to join our Slack group, whatever that might be.

So that's on the campaign side. On the automation side, in addition kind of to the customer thank you email, you can do that as a campaign or an automation. But on the flow side, our strategy here really is going to focus on asking customers for reviews, introducing the brand story, and maybe even introducing your team, right?

We're all working remote. We all kind of want to pull back like the layers of, you know, the team and what we're doing. And more than ever, folks want to know if you're a small or medium-sized business.

You don't have to pretend that you're a big business. People want to support small, local businesses, you know, small and or local, right? So make sure that you introduce yourself, the team, which you're about, and get them engaged and interested.

Ask them for reviews. Ask them for content. Ask them for videos and testimonials.

So really, this is the time where we engage and nurture them. And we give, but we also receive, right? We gave the discount.

Now we're asking for kind of feedback and whatnot. Does that make sense so far? I love that a lot.

I really love the, yeah, like engaging and, you know, asking them for like reviews and stuff. And I mean, from an ad perspective, I'm just like, yes, that's amazing. You get all that content that you can put in ads, which is powerful.

Some UGC videos and some testimonials and everything. So like, I know for us, like we stress on our email marketers to really go through with all that. Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, dude, like for whatever reason, like we live in a time right now where people don't feel comfortable necessarily buying from things unless it's Amazon. So how do we make them feel more comfortable?

It's by having hopefully hundreds of reviews and maybe even thousands of reviews, right? Those are some of the best things that you can do for your business, right? And why do people like Amazon, right?

They're trustworthy. Everyone knows them. They've got great customer service.

You know, if you buy something, you're going to be able to return it. So Amazon to a lot of folks that aren't as smart and kind of in our world is seen as like a real business, right? Something that is trustworthy and, you know, have had experiences with in the past to offer free, you know, next day or two day shipping, right?

So the best thing that we can do is get more content and more reviews. So to your point, when we collect these reviews and this feedback and testimonials, those could live on product pages. They can live within emails.

They can live on top of funnel on ads, right? So just collecting reviews during this period of time is going to be massive. And keep in mind, right?

Like we're going to have a massive influx of customers. So our ability to collect reviews and feedback is going to be higher and better than ever. So that's kind of just the point I really want to illustrate on what you said on reviews are the name of the game.

They're so important. Yeah. And it could be a mixture.

It could be a UGC video of a customer talking about the product. It could be a simple picture. And it can honestly even be as simple as just sending a quick little paragraph of what they thought about the product.

It doesn't have to be, you know, white and black in terms of like all or one of all UGC or all written. It could be whatever. And they all have different purposes inside your marketing ecosystem, essentially.

Yeah, dude, 100%. And kind of, I guess, to take this one further, to make this a little bit more actionable, right? What we're going to want to do on the review side in some of the automations is we're going to set it up for a specific product or specific products, right?

And we're going to prompt customers to leave reviews. And we personally use Typeform. You know, we have no affiliation to them.

There's Google Forms and SurveyMonkey. I'm sure there's a bunch of different types of forms. But we personally use Typeform, right?

And what we essentially do is we send out a Typeform to these users. And oftentimes, we will incentivize them, right? We just, however, gave them a pretty big discount.

So we don't necessarily need to incentivize them pretty heavy again. Although, if you want to, sure, go for it. But what we're going to want to ask in the Typeform is name, email, permission to use the content on social.

And obviously, you will credit them. Asking for their handle or their information if they want to be credited. And then asking them to upload the photo, the photos, the video, the videos, and whatever it might be.

And, you know, this could potentially, depending on the size of your brand, generate a dozen. It could generate 100. It could even generate a couple hundred different UGC videos and photos for your brand.

So that's kind of the strategy we take is getting people to get permission, right? They're super important that you get permission. And then you have to obviously have their handle to be able to tag them if they want to be tagged.

And if you're a big brand with a big following, your customers are going to want to get that exposure, right? So that's kind of just to really make that last step actionable. Yeah.

And just to magnify something he said, get permission to use that in your campaigns. Because that is a quick way for a lawsuit. That's definitely something big that we've learned.

Not necessarily we've been in that situation before, but you can quickly upset a customer by using their photo or their review in an ad. And they didn't specifically request that permission for it. So that's definitely something big right there.

It's make sure you have somewhere in that collection form. Absolutely. And really, that's most of what I got.

So to kind of recap this in 30 seconds, your campaign strategy should really focus on getting people to engage, whether that be stories, educational content, or just information that they can kind of reply to or ask you questions about. That's on the campaign side. And then on the flow side, we really want to focus on asking for reviews, asking for feedback, providing any kind of product education, and just further introducing the brand, the story, the mission, and really just keep these folks engaged going into the new year.

So that way, when they want to buy the t-shirt, the hat, the sandals, whatever it might be, they're going to choose your brand time and time again. And you're going to make up for kind of that acquisition heavy period of time and hopefully become more profitable. Dude, I love it.

That is massive right there in terms of everything, like just with more of that strategic perspective of what you should be planning out for during Black Friday and then two after. Because like that's all big core areas right there that most brands are not aware about. And Chase has done a really great job at kind of magnifying and bringing light to all those areas.

And I do have to say, I know there's one specific thing you got to check out from Chase. And that is his Black, is it the Black Friday course? Not necessarily course, but more of like a kind of like an actual workshop that you have put together that's really powerful.

Yeah. It's a, I'm calling it like a playbook. It's a 92 page PDF that covers pre, during, and post.

So it covers everything that I just talked about at length. And it shows a bunch of subject lines and actual swipe copy and real examples of like a calendar of during BFCM. These are the seven campaigns you send with examples of each email.

Yeah. Yeah. So our email marketer already does an amazing job, but he actually got your playbook.

And he has drastically learned a lot of just little small things to fine tune his strategy. And we're already seeing big differences in our accounts. Again, we're strictly Facebook ads, but we've recently brought on an in-house email marketer just due to the amount of brands that access for, hey, can you do email marketing?

And since he's gotten that playbook by Chase, we've seen some major like improvements in campaign performance and everything. And also just the idea of perspective of like, oh, I don't really know what type of campaign this thing. Well, look, here's his playbook that specifically shows you, you know, this type of campaign for reviews and this campaign for like a bandit cart, what you should hit on, what you shouldn't hit on.

So it works really well. Appreciate you, man. And I know last time we gave out a code to your listeners, they can use the same code for 30% off.

So if you want to link that below, that'd be great. And thank you again for having me. Hopefully folks liked it.

If you liked it, subscribe to Nick's channel, drop a comment, leave a like, show us some love. And if we do a great job, I'd be happy to come back again. Yeah.

I don't know what we'll do for next episode, but I'm sure there's something else we can touch in the universe, the metaverse. I don't know either, but if folks listening want more email content, why don't you drop a comment? Let us know what you want to see.

Do you want to see welcome series? Do you want to see abandoned cars? Do you want to see post-murchase?

And whenever they got for us, Nick, let's come back and let's run it. Yeah. Let's see if we can get 75 likes on this episode.

Last one got about 65. So if you want Chase to come on for another episode, then let's get 75 likes. And then also drop a comment as well of which you would like to see.

Welcome series, band of cart, you name it, campaign ideas. Drop that below. Before we exit off, Chase, where can people find you?

Yeah. Yeah. Twitter would be fantastic.

So my handle is EcomChaseDiamond. There's no A in diamonds, which is D-I-M-O-N-D. EcomChaseDiamond.

Awesome. Well, Chase, thank you so much for coming on today. Obviously, massive value as always.

Thank you so much. Again, guys, drop a like on this video. If you want Chase to come back on, let's get 75 likes and drop a comment of what you would like to see on the next episode.

Thank you so much for watching. You guys have a great day. Peace out.

Cheers.