Today, we will be roasting some Facebook ads and looking at the worst Facebook ads in advertising history. Well, kinda. I'm just kidding, guys.

We will be looking at horrible Facebook ads. I would say they're the worst in history, but they're actually Facebook ads I created and my team created. And, you know, again, we test a lot of Facebook ads and there's sometimes we just create things that just didn't work.

And today we're going to be going over three particular ads, three different types of businesses, Legion and Ecom that just didn't work. We spent some money on them. They didn't get a good cost per purchase or didn't hit the CPL we needed.

And yet I want to review them with you guys to be one vulnerable to you guys to show you all that I have losses too. It's very realistic. But the second thing is what can we learn from these?

That's the biggest thing. If we can learn something today from these particular ads, it's going to be a huge win for both of us. And I actually haven't looked at these ads yet.

These are things that just quickly kind of grass put down and that's it. So I don't even really know what's wrong with them. So we're going to kind of get a live reaction together.

Again, these are ads that my team created. So yeah, let's dive into this. So ad number one, we're going to be looking at a lead generation ad.

We spent $786 over the last 30 days on this particular ad, you know, but a $49 cost per lead. We're looking for something at almost 50% cheaper than this right here. So about a 35, 30, $540 cost per lead.

And yeah, so it's not a winning ad for us. Second thing is CPM is above average for this account. So that means Facebook even really didn't like it.

And the frequency is really high out the gate. So yeah, this particular DCT, again, this is, this is my DCT test testing method of if it gets a lot of spin, that's how it's a winner. Over the last 30 days, we spent $400,000 on this account.

And this ad's got $786 of that right there. So not good at all. So let's look, let's look at that ad real quick.

So this is the ad itself. And yeah. Okay, cool.

Yeah. So this is that itself. It's a picture ad.

Again, let's look at the creative first because the creative is what's going to stop people's attention. Breaking news. You don't want to be a part of this statistic.

Okay. All right. You don't want to be a part of this statistic.

That's not bad, but I don't know. I feel like it could be better. And we showed two people that I, to me almost looks like a courtroom specifically, but I don't know, um, has their hands down like this and then protect yourself from emergency transport debt with a MASA plan.

Okay. Well, let's look at this creative first, before we go into everything else, you don't want to be a part of this statistic. My first thing is what statistic?

I don't see a statistic on the screen. So I have no clue. Also too, this doesn't really call out a specific group of people.

You don't want to be a part of this statistic. Now, maybe it'll call out an older person just because he's showing an older person here, but that's it. But it doesn't really call anyone out.

That's the first problem. Second thing, protect yourself from emergency transport debt. What is emergency transport debt?

What is that? Is that an ambulance ride? Is that me having surgery and I need to transport it?

Is that transporting chemicals and stuff like that? Like what is that? That does, it's not really common knowledge.

It's not common stuff that we talk about every day. So that's two red flags right there. This whole creative just doesn't do a good job at attracting the right type of people.

That's problem one. Protect yourself from emergency medical debt. Again, what is a medical debt?

Emergency medical debt. What is that? Is that an emergency ambulance?

Is that the actual supplies and stuff like, like, uh, I say supplies, but like, you know, just medicine, stuff like that. Like what does that look like? One in 10 adults.

And now we're going to look at the copy. One in 10 adults suffers from extreme medical debt in America. All right.

First off, this copy is a long, this copy is way too long. Like this looks long on a computer and the actual, like on a phone, it's going to look so much longer than this. And this third thing is that it's cluttered up, double space, all this out.

It's going to look so much better and easier to read. One in 10 adults suffer from extreme medical debt in America. A large part of this is because of unexpected emergency transport bills, which may cost hundreds of thousands of dollars.

It'd be cool to actually add a kind of like statistic here, which make, which could cost up to $50,000. For example, extreme medical debt. What does medical debt look like?

All right. When you call an emergency medical transport, your ride could be okay. When you call an emergency medical transport, who the fuck says that emergency ambulance.

When you call an emergency medical ambulance, when you call an ambulance, an emergency ambulance, no one says medical transport. Wow. I just cut my arm off.

I need to call the emergency medical transplant transport. No one says that your ride could be deemed not medically necessary. And you'd be left to pay the clean bill of your pocket.

I know that works based off this account. So are you sure your insurance covers emergency transportation, transportation rides? Many people believe there's, there's would, okay, go.

I know the rest of this works right here, but this beginning, this hook is just not great. Saying things, our customers don't talk. Our customers don't look at ambulance and say, look at that emergency transportation vehicle, that emergency transportation vehicle.

Our customers don't say that because of that. We're not really talking to them in the way they like to be right to talk to. So yeah, it doesn't hook people.

Well, it talks about things that just quite frankly, like, I don't know, just not how people talk about that particular product. And yeah, I, I give it like a four out of 10, three out of 10. Um, now granted here, uh, this particular creative and this whole ad concept, we built it off a particular news article that, uh, you know, we, we wanted to, uh, you know, like essentially like replicate, replicate, we even say source from, so we can actually give the proper source and stuff like that to it.

Uh, so that's, that's the reason why we created this concept right here. Now look, look, look at the title of that particular one, one in 10 adults owe medical debt, medical debt with millions owing more than $10,000. We said one in 10 adults suffer from extreme medical debt in America.

What is stream? When you say things like extreme or best and stuff like that, it doesn't quantify how important it could be potentially. So three out of 10 and, uh, yeah, let's go to the next one.

So we'll be looking now at a econ brand, specifically a supplement brand. Uh, this brand, I don't know, price been somewhere about, you know, I don't know, a hundred thousand dollars a month. And we spent about $385 on this particular DCT test, which was not good at all.

And yeah, $96 calls for purchase, which is actually like very bad for this particular account right here. So let's take a look at it. Let's actually go take a look at the UGC video because let's see, I don't think I have the copy the way I pulled this video.

I don't have the copy saved. Okay. So I know the copy works with this particular account, but let's look at more of just the UGC video itself.

So I can, cause that's the main thing I want to focus on today. All right. So you probably also too, I'm going to listen to it with no music because 80% of people that listen to Facebook ads have the music turned off.

I'm all about finding and sharing the best natural health solutions. All right. First off, what desire across the market?

No one has a desire for natural health solutions as a very, very vague desire right there. And that's why today I'm absolutely thrilled to introduce you to black gold's organic mushroom elixir extract. What's so special about this little pack?

And let me tell you, okay, that was decent. I kind of do like that transition a little bit. Let me introduce you to black gold's organic mushroom elixir extract.

I like that. I don't know if I like a little pack though. What's so special about little pack?

What's so special about this mushroom elixir? That's what I'd like to know. Okay.

Then it goes here. What's so special about this little pack? Let me tell you.

The question I get most is what to take for a natural energy boost, immune health and stress relief. All right. So it's like she opened up a hook and starts to go into it and then stop the video and then started a whole nother hook.

All right. And then goes back again, instead of juggling numerous supplements, why not get everything in one convenient powder? It's like, she does two different hooks and then, okay.

Okay. And we've called out like five different benefits so far. We've called out like, all right, like we've called out so many different benefits so far that we don't remember what's the main benefit that we watched this video for.

Like right now, what's the main desire, like it was natural solutions, but what's the benefit of these natural solutions? Because there's like 10 of them that's been listed. The problem is we don't remember one.

That's the problem right there. All right. We show how we use it.

Cinnamon, honey, stuff like that. That's cool. I love the captions.

I do love the captions. I do love the visuals. I think the captions and visuals are really good.

I think this particular script was all over the place though. Like this, it was all over the place. There was too many different benefits.

There's like, it looked like multiple hooks throughout the video that was actually like reopened itself like that. So definitely one cleaning up the flow of this video, one hook, one main clear reason why people are buying this product, main desire across the market, natural solutions isn't the main desire, natural solutions. What natural solutions?

Is it natural boosts in energy and natural focus enhancer? Is it a natural gut health, gut health supplement? What does that look like?

All right. Next one, this another account, we spent a couple hundred thousand dollars a month. This is a DCT that just completely failed right out the gate.

Didn't get enough spend, didn't do anything. It flopped hard. Let's look at this real quick.

Again, guys, we created all of these ads, me and my team, like we only have probably like two to three DCTs out of 10 take off. And that's perfectly fine because it makes our clients millions of dollars a month. And sometimes there's just ads and stuff like that that just doesn't work well.

So I just want to really talk to you guys. Not every ad we create is like this. A majority of them do convert, but there is some that slip out of the gate and I'm doing this purely as education for you guys to help y'all better understand what ads don't work, why ads don't work and stuff like that.

So let's look at this video real quick. Again, 80% of people view without music or out sound. So we have a board, we've got some paint brushes for showcasing this painting right here.

Okay. All right. So we have no clue what happened.

We know visually what's going on, which is cool. I'm going to put sound on the one. I know you guys won't better hear it, but I'm just going to put sound on for a second here to hook.

Okay. The hook literally says, all you have to do is unbox the kit. That's it.

What main desire across the market is this video attaching itself to? None. Like maybe someone, an artist looking for a fun activity, but it doesn't call that out at the beginning.

Second thing is that you don't even really see the products for later on, which is not bad. But the problem is, is that we don't even have the right people hooked in. Like we don't, we never been hooking people in like, no one knows who needs to be watching this video.

So without a bad engaging hook or without a good engaging hook, it's not really attracting the right people. And we're just showcasing the product not showcasing like anything else. So, I mean, yeah, not great.

Definitely. Definitely wouldn't recommend it right there. So yeah, guys, hope you all enjoyed this video.

If y'all want me to do more like this, drop some comments below, you know, again, love to do more of these for you guys, help y'all better understand what makes a good ad, what makes a bad ad. So that way you guys don't make the same mistakes. Um, you know, I've done over a hundred million dollars in online revenue with Facebook ads.

Uh, we've done, we've still up a lot of brands to multiple seven figures a month. Yeah. Done a lot of cool stuff, but we still have our days where we don't create the best ad or we try something that just doesn't really work well.

And I really want to articulate that to you guys and I hope y'all enjoyed this video. So, uh, if you're curious about me running your ads, click link below to book call, uh, with me or click link below for my mentoring program with the inner circle where I teach students how to create good ads specifically. So, um, yeah, guys hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.