I'm finally facing it all, fearless! What's up guys, welcome back to the vlog. Currently right now I am sitting at a customer care center for the power company because the online service has not been working and the customer service, when I called them, did not do anything or it didn't work at all.

So now I am just coming to a physical location, hopefully get this resolved. But yeah, just throwing my big camera on me right now, some shoes on my phone and figuring I'm just gonna bust it out. And yeah, what's up?

Alrighty guys, finally back home. I went to the store and picked up a wig for my head that's like faded and stuff. So it looks like I got a haircut.

Trust me, it's just a wig though. And now I'm coming into the office real quick because, looking for these. Something I've been slacking on a lot lately is meditating and partially because I've just been waiting for my couch to get in.

Because I've been wanting to just meditate in here. Because it's such a chill vibe in my living room. So I've been waiting for the couch to meditate but I was like, wait, I can't make any more excuses.

So I need to get a meditation in. So it's middle of the day. I'm probably gonna lay in bed, do my meditation.

But it's currently 2.19 and I haven't even got any work done today just because I've been busy. I went this morning, went to the store, picked up my wig, chilled with the family for a little while, helped my grandpa with something. So now I'm finally back to the apartment and about to jump into a 4 hour work block.

But before that, we're gonna jump into a meditation. That's what we're gonna do now. So see you guys after the meditation.

Just finished up my meditation and I have to say it's probably one of the most amazing experiences. Just to, I honestly fell asleep through a few minutes of it. I'm not gonna lie at all.

But I say I have one of the best naps ever. If I do fall asleep during my meditation, I don't try to at all. I do try to focus but it really helps me keep my mind centered and everything.

I get so relaxed sometimes I do fall asleep. But anyway, long story short, it's almost 3 o'clock and we're gonna jump into a 4 hour work block now and have a lot of stuff to do. I got some video pictures to record, some video pictures to send out, I got some Facebook ads to work on, I gotta update some clients, I gotta send some client reports out.

I need to upload today's YouTube video or yesterday's YouTube video for you guys. I need to do a lot of little things like that. So let's get started.

First thing I'm gonna do is do my journal. Obviously this is my morning journal but because this morning I just got up and rushed out to go fix my hair, I need to go ahead and do this. That's all the stuff I do normally in the morning, meditation, journal.

But again, I didn't get to do it this morning. But I'm still gonna do it and make time for it throughout the day. So lay me at the feet of what we've done.

We've done. So it's actually the next day and I'm currently editing this video right now. And to be honest, I did not like the outcome of it at all.

So this is take two of my journaling procedure. So jumping right into it, my favorite thing to do is use a moleskin notebook. I recently just started using one of these.

I do not recommend you go and spend 20, 30 bucks on a notebook at all. You can simply just go pick up a standard notebook from your Walgreens. That's like 99 cents and a few pens.

But writing and journaling is something that's huge to me across my entrepreneurship career. It's one of the first things I started with. I initially started off with just writing down my goals on a day-to-day basis.

Now it's kind of streamlined into a few other things as well inside of my journal. So starting off, the very first thing I think we've all been told is write down your goals daily. I started off writing down my goals daily and they were very cluttered.

I would write down probably 10, 15 goals every day, some short term, some medium, you know, and then some very far into the future. And now I've scaled that down to one to three goals that make sense to me in the current situation and goals that once I accomplish, allows other things to happen in my life as well. So for me right now, it was a monetary goal that I have right now.

That's to scale my Terra Solutions, my agency to 100 grand per month. And then also to, I have my other goal, which was to move into my dream apartment. Obviously I moved into my apartment now.

So that one is crossover list for 2020. Now going into further, the reason why you want to limit your goals is because having too much, you lose focus on the main goal in sight. So you only want to keep about one of three goals, write those down every single day.

Next thing I've evolved into is being thankful for. I write down three things every day that I'm thankful for. Nine times out of 10, I'm thankful for something that's happened to me the prior day or within the past week.

So usually when I wake up in the morning, that's what I write down. I write down just something because, I mean, you know, wake up, there's something that's happened to me that day yet. And, you know, I can be thankful for my apartment, you know, I can be thankful for waking up another day.

But I also like to be thankful for the things that happened to me that attracted my life, manifest, etc. So I write down my goals. Then I write down, you know, three things I'm thankful for.

Then next thing I do is write down affirmations. Affirmations. Affirmations is something that I believe helps out with keeping your mind in a relaxed state or a peace, you know, bring peace to your mind, keeping it focused and also helps you with manifesting things into your life.

I know for me right now, the three things that I'm writing down for my affirmations all make contextual sense to the things that's going on in my life right now. So my affirmations would be completely different than your affirmations for me right now. You know, I think my first one is I attract money and unexpected and expected ways.

And then a few other things around that of attraction of money. I think that's something we can all benefit from. But if you are in a very abundant state of money, then this could be something completely else for you.

But I like to try to keep abundance mindset around money. And then the next thing is my type of clients. I want to work with.

I attract my dream clients. I generate my clients amazing results, etc. I work as a digital agency.

So these are all key things for me. If you're a college student, maybe it could be, you know, I study, you know, I study really amazing for me. I'm always a good student, etc.

Different things like that. Or if you're employed, I'm an amazing employee. I'm a key operative to my employer, etc.

There's different things you can do and you can look up online affirmations for college students, affirmations for business owners, affirmations for, you know, whatever your current situation is. And write those down every day and it helps keep your mind in a right place of, like the right mindset. Then the next thing I like to write down is today would be great if.

What is three things that you can say that at the end of the day, if this would happen today, my day would be great. What are three things that could happen to you, happen to someone else, just in general today would be great if. You know, today would be great if I could get a workout in.

I know that's something that I've been struggling with lately is working out. So it would be great if I could get a good workout in today. You know, today would be great if my clients do really good with Facebook ad results.

Today would be great if the sales call I have in about 30 minutes, you know, they move on with me. Today would be great if, you know, I pass my college exam. What would be great for you today in your contextual sense?

Then the last thing I write down is my to-do list. To-do list, I've taken stuff from like Dan Lockberry since he limits it only to six things. I just, look, whole blank sheet of paper I'll write down my to-do list.

I'll write down everything that I need to do today. It might be something simple like, I need to add. I need to clean my bathroom.

Boom. There we go. And it might just be some of the simple stuff in there, but just write it all down.

So that way it takes it out of your mind. And that way you can just go first thing. What do I got to do?

Boom. Boom. Boom.

And that way it kind of helps you out with your focus throughout the day. So that's pretty much my journal right there. And then what I do is I like to write down things throughout the day.

You know, I'll leave a lot of blank sheet of paper. So that way I can write down notes from meetings. I'll write down just discoveries I make.

Maybe it's just something I learned while, you know, doing some Facebook ad stuff. Maybe it's, you know, a quote, a really good quote I hear. Just I'll write down a lot of stuff throughout the day and it helps pull out a mind, put it on a sheet of paper.

And I'm like, yeah, I like that. You know, I want to remember that. So that's kind of like my journal thing.

It's something that's been really key to me as an entrepreneur. It's something that's consistently evolving. I know when I first started journaling, you know, I would spend maybe 10, 15 minutes or maybe a minute on it.

Then I started doing a lot. Then I started cutting it back down. So I finally found that happy medium to me.

This takes about five minutes to do once I put a pen and paper and just focus on it, not putting my phone on the stuff. And yeah, highly recommend it. Highly recommend getting into the habit of it.

And just because you're not an entrepreneur, maybe you're a college student, maybe you work part time, maybe you're an employee. Just because wherever you're at in your life, you can still do this. It's not just an entrepreneur, business owner type of thing.

I highly recommend anyone starting this or highly recommend everyone starting this and implementing this into your day to day routine. So if you guys enjoyed this video, make sure you drop a like below. And if you're new to the channel, I make business related videos, Facebook ad related videos and just overall lifestyle vlogging.

So make sure you hit the subscribe button and guys, I'm out. Peace.