All right, just make sure you hit the little okay button on the recording, and let's start diving into today's lesson. Today, we're going to be talking about motion baiting. Motion baiting, long story short, is my version of market sophistication with introducing new mechanisms.

And while market sophistication sounds sexy, it just doesn't really do well from a high-level advertising perspective. So I created my own version of it, which was just giving a new name to something that we all know. And all I did was call it something new.

And this has worked really well for me in terms of being able to capture people's attention who've lost hope in having success with Facebook ads. And today, we're going to be talking about how to actually create your own motion baiting angle for your product, and why does it make it so successful? Why does it work so well?

And this goes back again to market sophistication. And I know we've already done a call on market sophistication. I'll briefly touch on market sophistication really quick before we go into the motion baiting.

And I'm actually going to live build a, or have homework for you guys in this call, where every person's going to create their own emotion baiting angle on this call today, before we hop out. So we're going to share my screen. So I'm into this.

All right, let's see. Give it a second. Also, just drop a message in the chat if it gets super laggy.

I don't really know how good the Wi-Fi is here at this Airbnb. So if it gets really bad, just let me know. So that way I'm not just sitting here talking.

It's like glitching out for you guys. So let's just go over this real quick. We're just going to touch on market sophistication for a second, really quick.

For those who are new in the group and just hasn't really discovered market sophistication yet, the whole goal with market sophistication is separating yourself in the marketplace. It's what I would say is if you're playing chess, it's always being one step ahead of your competition. When I originally teach market sophistication, and I can course in everything, you start to identify the level of market sophistication.

It's like, okay, cool. Hey, everyone's introducing new mechanisms. Then it's like, I need to call it the same mechanism or like it's a stage one or stage two.

And people tend to make the mistake of playing at that stage one or stage two of what their market is. So the way we look at market sophistication is, hey, everyone's failed at something and we want to stay one step ahead of our competition and being different from our competition. So a lot of you guys, this is kind of what your audience sees.

Everyone sees this right here. They see a whole bunch of ads just saying lose fat. All right.

And it becomes really difficult to understand who to go with. If every single person's here's how I'll lose fat, here's how I'll lose fat, here's how I'll lose fat, and you're saying the same thing, what happens is you lose that believability, you lose that trust, and there's nothing that's separating you from everyone else. So people just, to be fair, people just randomly make a purchase of a random brand because it's like, all right, hey, everyone's saying the same thing.

I'm just going to go with this one. Now, market sophistication is all about staying one step ahead of the competition. So if you go look at all your competition and all of your competition saying is lose fat, for example, then what I want to do is be one step ahead.

So the whole market's a stage one sophistication. So let's go out of stage two. How do you identify what stage you're at?

The easiest way is just to look at all your competitors' Facebook ad libraries. That's the easiest way to do it. And then what you want to do is you want to stay one step ahead.

So for me, in this example right here, lose 18 pounds in four weeks. We stayed one step ahead of the competition. If everyone's saying lose fat, we're going to say lose 18 pounds in four weeks.

Now, just a quick little disclaimer. This is purely just an example. And if you actually say lose 18 pounds in four weeks, you will get banned on Facebook.

So just want to be clear here on that real quick. If I was going to run this as a Facebook ad right here, I would run this as a testimonial style. That's the one trick with health and stuff like that.

If you run a testimonial, I could have Ginger, who's a mom who just had a baby. And here's her story on how she lost 18 pounds in four weeks. And I'll make sure to put a disclaimer in there saying that this is not the typical result.

That's how I can kind of get past it. But again, it has to be as a testimonial. That's the key thing right there.

But if I run this as an ad, like, you know, take this supplement, lose 18 pounds in four weeks, that will get you banned on Facebook because Facebook does not like certain timeframes. You know, you could say reduce your weight in four weeks, or you could say lose 18 pounds, but you can't give a timeframe and a certain number at a certain time. So just want to give that clarity real quick.

That's mostly just for weight loss. So I just want to make sure I'm clear on that. Now, the problem with this is that, again, when everyone goes to copying you, basically, because you're really good at your job.

You know, let me give you a great example. A lot of you guys who follow my YouTube channel, I started talking about marketing fundamentals before a lot of other gurus, you know, at least from my perception. And now over the last year on Twitter, almost every marketing person now is talking about marketing fundamentals.

You know, back in 2022, it was all CBO, Broad, One Campaign. That was like the new discovery. Everyone was talking about that.

I even was talking a lot about it. Then in 2023, I realized everyone was talking about that. So I heard them jump to marketing fundamentals before everyone else.

Now in 2024, literally every single person is like starting to talk about desire, awareness, sophistication, all that. So now it's like, all right, how do I stay that next level? And that's why I'm introducing my new mechanism, which is emotion baiting.

So now everyone's saying the same thing. What do we do? We go into that emotion baiting, which is just simply a stage three market sophistication, introducing a new mechanism.

The reason why I call emotion baiting is because when they failed at everything else, we're introducing a new hope. We're putting those emotions really high up. Shit, what's that?

You know, I never discovered that before. I don't know if you guys have ever like, especially a lot of y'all, y'all have had times in your life where you're running Facebook ads and it was periods of time where like, you didn't really know how to run the ads. You had a lot of things.

You were losing money. You felt lost. You didn't really know like what to do next.

You kind of felt like lost and hopeless for a period of time, but yet the desire to scale up Facebook ads is still there. And then maybe, just maybe you clicked on one of my videos, you learned like this new strategy and this new way to look at ads. And you felt hopeful again, you felt some confidence of achieving that results again.

We got you in some emotional state and we kind of put you to that, you know, like hyped up your emotions a little bit like, oh shit, like, this is it. This is what I've been missing. And then you feel all hyped up again.

You feel like in a positive state and then you go try that thing. So that's essentially what we're doing here. Now, the way we're doing it is we're calling out the mechanism.

Then we're calling out what the mechanism does. So in this particular case, we're not saying lose 18 pounds in four weeks anymore. We're saying the first one, the drug, the name of the mechanism, then we're calling out the benefits or the problem it solves or the desire it, it satisfies.

And that's why it's introducing that new, oh, what is this? This is something new. I've never heard of this before.

And it gets you hyped up again. So what we're going to do today is we're going to go over emotion baiting and we're going to actually like work on my whole goal with today's call is everyone to have at least one hook by the end of the call. That is an emotion baiting style hook of introducing a new mechanism.

I'm not really concerned about what stage of market sophistication is. I just want to get this, everyone, a kind of like guide, making sure it's implemented in their business by day, because we've seen some really amazing success with this if it's done properly. So again, instilling new hope into customers by purely calling out something that they've never heard of before.

That's the key thing right there. They've never heard it before. And we're calling out what they want or the problem they're trying to solve or the benefit they're trying to obtain.

So, you know, like again, here's how emotion baiting allowed us to scale our Shopify store from 30k a month to 30k a day. All right. I think that was the real idea.

And it blew up, worked really well. We also leveraged that into some ads as well with the same hook style, but we did it with, you know, the nature of those types of products and it worked extremely well. Why?

Because it's something new they've never heard of before with something they want. It spiked that hope again. It was like, well, shit, that's why I've been failing at this because I haven't discovered this.

And that's really what we want to hit on people's minds. So obviously we're going to go over some hook examples and then we're going to start into actually getting some hooks done for you guys. So here's the example really quick.

Emotion baiting has allowed me to find three times more winning ads. This is the, this is a good one right here that I actually replicated POV. She used to leave you unread and now she texts you nonstop because you learned dopamine texting.

So if I've never heard of dopamine texting before, and I was struggling with getting girls to reply back to me, for example, I saw this that would spike my attention and be like, wait, what is this? Okay. Let's go back to our, our three key things for a hook.

Three key things for a hook calls out your ideal customer. It sparks curiosity and it implies the benefits. So here we're calling out our ideal customer, basically a guy struggling with girls.

Now I don't say here, you're struggling with girls. I'm just simply describing the problem that we're solving. And that problem is specific to a type of customer.

The next thing is I'm spiking curiosity. So she used to leave you on read. Now she texts you nonstop because you learned dopamine texting.

First thing I want to know is what is dopamine texting? What is that? So I'm spiking curiosity for me to want to know more.

That's also why motion baiting and like introducing a new mechanism works so well because you're, you're creating curiosity by showing something new they never heard before. So just by saying that something new, they haven't before, that strikes like curiosity. Now, if you call out something they've all heard of, like if every single other person was leveraging dopamine texting in like the pickup world, for example, it wouldn't make yours special because everyone would be like, I don't know what that is.

But if we introduce a new mechanism, so like maybe go like, you know, the brick texting method, for example, like, Oh, what the hell is the brick texting method? And then that's, that's how we're just renaming it again. So sometimes you might have to rename your mechanism a couple of times because people start to copy you or people start to like replicate the same mechanism in their business.

Now, another example, hydrogen water, the secret water that about it builders are using to get 10 times more pumps in the gym. Just calling out something new, hydrogen water, no one else is promoting it. The secret water bodybuilder using to get 10 times more pumps in the gym, calling out what people want more pumps in the gym.

This hidden strategy is getting clients as soon as three times more winning ads. Now this one right here, I just want to be cautious about this one right here, because while this does work well, it can get overviews very quickly. I don't know if you guys have ever seen the, I fired my marketing team.

So here's the best ad I can create type of ad that some, some brands have used where like, they just go in like Canva or like, like Microsoft paint and just make like a buy my product type of stuff. Like that was cool for like two brands, but then now like every brand started doing it. And then I was just like, cool.

Like, it's just no more anymore. So that's the same thing with this type of hook right there. If you just say like this hidden tree or like, this does this, it can work well, but also too, if everyone starts when you're niched and it's just like, blah, it doesn't really work that well anymore.

Even like POV, for example, there's been a lot of people, like I've been seeing a lot more brands using POV. I even started seeing like comments on some of the ads saying like, literally everything's a POV now. That can also kind of like push users away.

Cause it's just like, oh, I've seen this a hundred times right there. Next one. I closed a $7,500 web design project using the screening method.

Here's how I've never heard of the screening method. What is the screening method? It's driving that curiosity, especially if someone who wants to close better clients with their business, they've already learned normal outreach methods.

So we have to introduce a whole new outreach method to close larger clients. That's the screening method right here. And then here's another one again, that's basically hinting at introducing a new mechanism where we're calling out something they're doing.

And then we're just showcasing do this instead. And then we'll introduce a new mechanism right there. So these are a couple of different hooks.

Now we're actually going to look at naming the process. Cause again, key goal for today is that everyone leaves with a hook that names their unique mechanism in their business. So first things first, we're going to just look at like, for example, me.

So how I did my, I run Facebook ads and get better results than our competitors. That's like what I do. That's my thing.

So how do we get better results than our competitors? We put more emphasis on the creative as a creative gets people emotional and want to buy. So then I look at, all right, this kind of like how for our business is what I'm going to name that process.

And then I call it a motion baiting. And all I do is call up that process name. And then I call up what people want, which is more winning ads in their business.

So motion baiting has allowed me to 3X time my winning ads. I could also even swap out other things like three times more winning ads. It's like super solution aware for people who are looking for more winning ads.

Problem aware would be like, here's how motion baiting allowed us to, you know, fix our bad ROAS, for example, or how we like improve that ROAS with this particular, you know, emotion baiting. And then like unaware could be like, here's how I'll scale my Shopify store in a way. I'm using emotion baiting right there.

So that's, that's kind of the process that we're going to follow for today. So what I want everyone to do is start thinking about right now, what makes them unique? What makes their product unique to competitors in the marketplace?

Different process, for example, of how you make your product. Like I know Christina has different type of cat litter and she uses a different type of litter material than others. So she has a unique process that makes hers different than the marketplace.

I know you have like a completely different type of phone case. Now the cool thing about like your phone case, for example, Amit is you already have that unique mechanism, which is what you call it? The material?

Alcantara. Alcantara. So for you, you're already kind of introducing a new mechanism, which is Alcantara phone cases right there.

So what I would challenge you on is you can have some fun with it and call the Alcantara something completely new. And then you can also find a way to like, for example, leather. There's a difference between, or let's use this one as an example, steaks, for example.

I don't know if you eat steaks or not, but like you can go get a regular American steak, but have you ever had Japanese black cow white goose steak? Completely different. So look at your Alcantara as the same thing.

Can we give a new like meaning to your Alcantara that makes it just sound better? That's what I would, that's what I would chew on right there. So that's what I want everyone to start off with.

And we're going to take like, let's just say like, let's take like five minutes to start diving into this. Does anyone have any questions before we get started? All right.

So is, is, is it's like calling Alcantara something different, mostly just so like people are like, Ooh, what is this? Or. Cause if, cause I remember you already showed me you had more competitors and I'll start to sell Alcantara.

Yeah. Yeah. So how can, would it make sure your Alcantara better than them and name that Alcantara.

Okay. They're selling Alcantara, but you're selling X Alcantara, which is better. Mm-hmm .

That's going to be hard. There you go. Again, look, you don't have to have the perfect name.

My goal right now is just, I want you guys to all have a book that you can leverage to actually go ahead and actually create an ad from this. So I'll give you all another example too, for those who are struggling, you can also call out a process that you and your competitors all do, but none of the other competitors are pushing. So for example, in with cigarettes back in 1960s, what they did for lucky strike was they, they called it it's toasted.

So toasted cigarettes, they're all toasted cigarettes, but no one was calling out the toasted part and it made them seem new and different. So go ahead, start writing down, calling out your unique process, giving it a name, and then writing one hook with it. What I'm going to do for you guys today to make this so much easier for y'all, I find that it's a lot easier to start off with a template.

So the template I want you guys to follow today is the POV. She used to leave you on read and now she texts you nonstop because you learned dopamine texting. So I want you to take this template right here and I want you to copy it to the hook.

I want you to paste it on the Google doc or a notepad, whatever. Then I want you to write down your unique process. Then I want you to write down your hook or like the main desire of your market that you're actively pushing at.

And then I want you to write down your finalized hook, which is your process plus the desire as the, you know, like the full template, everything put together. And then once you get that done, I want you to put like a one in the chat. So that way we can start reviewing them.

Chad, I'll have you all the stuff ready. You're sitting over there consuming more protein. And if you have any questions, just unmute yourself and ask because I want to make sure you guys have this drill down.

This is pretty much mechanization, right? Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.

Absolutely. Okay, cool. Well, I got one for Facebook ads.

Okay. Give us a second because I don't want to call much just yet, but if you have it ready, just put a one in the chat so I know who's all done. Okay, cool.

And then we're going to call and review on people after. I'll put you guys in templates in a second here. I probably want it produced.

There you go. So I just dropped the template in the group chat. All right, let's hit group chat, the Zoom chat.

That's how I want it done right there. And like I said, once you have it done, what I want you to do is go ahead and put on one in the chat so I know who's all done. And if you have any questions, feel free to unmute yourself to make sure this is drilled down.

Nick, I have a question. Can you hear me? Yeah.

Okay. Do you need to call out the audience in there? That's a good question.

So for the audience, it comes down to one, what you're selling, right? You know, there's two ways to call out your audience. There's a way to be like super specific, like car owners.

Here's how to do this. And there's other ways, which is just simply calling out a problem that only your audience has or a solution only your audience wants. Like if you want more winning Facebook ad creatives, is my grandma who's 60 years old, is she going to watch that?

No, I'll go right past it. Yeah. Okay.

All right. We'll go about five more minutes, five more minutes to get everyone's responses in here. And then we'll spend the last 15 minutes of this call just simply reviewing people's emotion mating books.

All right, time. Let's go ahead and start going through them. Let's see.

I'm just going to start off from the top of the chat and I'm going to scroll down. Let me see if I can make this easier. All right, cool.

All right. So Chad, just submitted to some of the usual second one, assuming that's the one that you don't want to use. So let's start with Yanni.

Desire is clean car interior seamlessly. Unique process, powerful handheld vacuum. Unique process name, vortex effect.

POV, she used to freak out about messy car. POV, she used to freak out about your messy car. Now you clean in seconds because you got the vortex effect.

It's not bad. You're following the right fundamentals with this one. What I would be looking at is more of the, that particular desire for freaking out about your messy car.

I would be looking at more of the name itself of the mechanism that you've produced. That's my biggest one right there. But other than that, like you're technically correct with this right here.

And I would also be looking at, at she used to freak out about your messy car. I'd be looking at the number of things to solve that freak out of the messy car right there. And also too, because you got the vortex effect, the way you're applying it as effect is like, you're implying it as more of like, it's a personal, a personal characteristic.

So I'd be looking at something more like POV, she used to freak out about your messy car, but you discovered vortex and now she can't stop loving you or something like that. Or POV, she used to freak out about your messy car, but you discovered vortex. And now, now she loves to ride in your car.

POV, she used to freak out about your messy car now, but now you discovered vortex and you keep it clean in seconds. That's another example right there. But yeah, you're on the right, you're on the right thing.

It's just the only thing that throws me off is that the way you say you got the vortex effect, it just kind of makes me apply the mechanism as almost like a personal characteristic. That's where it kind of throws me off. Yeah.

Yeah. I was also like, I'm not a native English speaker. So I was also the first and the last one with the gut or you found, I also thought like, what do you discovered the vortex effect or whatever, but I wasn't sure like how to put it.

It also feels like very bulky, like that it's just so long. So I also wasn't like super happy with like when I was reading it out. Yeah.

Yeah. And it's also like what you use. She used to, she used to freak out about your messy car.

I would, I would look at it as like, what's the number, the number of like people that share that desire. Maybe you could even do like POV. You don't have time to clean your car, but you discovered vortex, for example, that's another route to go.

But like I said, you got the right fundamentals, correct? You did the right thing from the fundamentals. I was more just kind of polishing it up a little bit.

All right. Let's go over to Chad's. See, is that the right one?

Yeah. Okay. So the Chad's put desire, want more females, unique process, mega pheromone cologne.

Okay. So POV used to never get girls until you tried mega pheromone cologne that puts her in the mood all the time. Yeah, that's correct.

That's good. It's actually funny because there's a lot of dropshippers actually selling mega pheromone cologne. There's actually been some, because there's been a lot of people kind of selling it and it's been kind of popping up on TikTok.

There's also been a lot of people that started to what I would call debunk pheromone cologne. So you can even rewrap it as something completely new. So I'll give you another example.

I saw another guy that's crushing it right now, teaching people how to sell courses. So here's how I made a bunch of money selling courses and here's how you can make a bunch of money selling courses. So instead of saying source courses, he knows there's a negative nostalgia about courses.

So what he calls it now is systems. Here's how to build systems and sell them to businesses. Literally the same thing.

Of course, all courses is a system on how to get a particular result. Same thing with like broad targeting. There's a lot of like negative around broad targeting of people thinking it's just going to target like a very low end group of people.

So what I started to do, and I just never really pushed it was unrestricted targeting. So it's like, Hey, here's how we use unrestricted targeting to improve performance. And so that way we bypass that negative stigma people have about a particular thing.

So, but yeah, you guys crushed it on that one right there. That's exactly the route to go right there for people who've never heard of mega fire amount clone. And then from people that did hear about it, that's all I would do is just change that theme.

All right. Desire wanting to look slimmer, unique process pants built with multi-frame TM tech POV stubborn fat ruined your charisma, but now you look three pounds slimmer with multi-frame TM. This is good, but I would change the name of your mechanism to something that's a little bit more catchy.

That's all I would do. Multi-frame TM. It just, it's not really catchy.

That's another thing. Like we have to look at like the, the way you name your mechanisms and stuff is you want something that's kind of catchy and kind of relates to like what you're going after. But that's the only thing I would tweak right there.

Other than that, that's correct in terms of how you did it. All right, let's see Connor. You want to go and either drop yours or tell us if you're on mute again, if you're trying to talk.

Oh shit. What's up? You want to drop your, you want to drop your thing?

You put one in the chat. So you're saying you done. I just did it for myself.

All right. Do you want to share it or I can show you after? All right, cool.

Let's see. Jen desire to look good in your clothes, unique process, wearing a pure of eye catching designs and statements, unique process, name, connection, kuchar POVs ignore you, but now he can't keep his eyes off of you. So Jen, you're missing your unique mechanism, not being called out.

You're calling out the desire, but you're not calling out the unique mechanism. So for you, it could be, let's see POV, he used to ignore you, but you discovered connection, couture. I don't know how to pronounce that completely in chrome.

And now he can't keep his eyes off of you, for example. All right. Albert desire to scale your ads, unique process as a convert, unique process, name, differentiation, POVs differentiation to scale your ads to a hundred K a day.

Yeah, that's correct. You're introducing a whole new process name. It kind of reminds me of creative diversity in the account.

That's what kind of reminds me of that particular name. And we obviously, we see every time someone talks about creative, everyone's like, oh, what is this? How do you do this?

Cool. Thanks. All right.

Let's see. Amit, look unique and stylish, get compliments, get noticed, unique process. It's how you made supercar leather.

Bro, that's yourself in Acintera. POV, you got this handcrafted Italian supercar leather phone case, and now you're tired of the nonstop compliments. I really like how you're using the negative of a desire, being accomplished right there.

You're tired of the nonstop compliments. I love that one a lot. This is one of those things where it's like long as shit.

You got this Italian supercar leather phone case. Yeah. Maybe like the Alcantara part is like hard to just kind of figure out what else to call it.

Maybe it's like we discovered these Italian made Alcantara phone cases, and now you're tired of the nonstop compliments. All right. Alonzo, desire is having amazing anime decoration, unique process.

We find the best designs in the world and print them in acrylic with high printing techniques. Unique process name, custom PC anime art or T custom PC anim art. POV used to have ugly wall due to paper posters.

And now your room is like a museum because you have T custom anime art in your walls. Okay. This is good.

Let me give you some other advice though on this one. Number one, museum, it makes me immediately think of old and bland. It doesn't make me think of like fun and stuff like that.

So just, just, just want to call that out. Also too, dude, I don't know how many other people are pushing acrylics because you are pushing acrylic anime art. Your unique method is literally just acrylics as well.

So if no one else is really pushing acrylics in our advertising, that could be something that separates you as well. Maybe there is other people pushing acrylics, but maybe you're the only person doing acrylic anime art. So you can say acrylic anime art as your thing.

Okay. So, but good stuff. All right.

Levi, unique process creative that can, hold up, hold up, hold up. Desire, scale shop by stores, creative that convert, unique process name, empathetic storytelling. Ooh, I love that one.

Love that one a lot. Obviously I'm going to be more, have a more bias to anyone that's talking about like creative second bird and scale shop by stores, because I know that niche so well. POV, you learn an empathetic storytelling.

Now your store does 50k days. You can also change the desire for like more sophisticated audience of people that want Facebook ad creatives that convert. POV, you learn empathetic storytelling, and now you get more winning Facebook ads.

Or now you get three times more winning Facebook ads. All right, let's see. Paul, keep your dog dry and comfortable.

Unique process raincoats that pets love wearing. Unique process name, breathe easy soft touch. POV, your dog once hated wearing raincoats that rainy days, but now thanks to breathe easy soft touch, they can, can't wait to step out into the rain.

Okay. So I'm not really a fan of the soft touch, but I do like to breathe these because it kind of goes around of like raincoats, kind of like suffocating dogs, especially too, if they have like a lot of fur and stuff like that. So it kind of like separates it as I kind of like handling a problem as well, right there.

So POV, your dog once hated wearing raincoats in rainy days, but now thanks to breathe these, they can't wait to step out. I think that's something I saw. I would like change it up a little bit.

All right. And I would also look at your unique process raincoats that pets love wearing. That's not a unique process.

What makes your raincoats like for pets that love wearing, for example, what makes your raincoats like what makes pets love your raincoats? What's the process that makes sure it's different? That's your more of your unique process.

Okay. Go ahead. I think the, the, the unique like selling point is just that the fabric is, you know, is very light weighted and, you know, soft and breathable is, you know, very, it's nothing like other brands in the market.

So, but yeah, I need, I think I need a better name. Yeah. That's what I would be looking at.

And that's, that's also something we'll touch on in a second here, as we wrap up, which is the naming. And we didn't really talk about much about what type of thing to use, but like, obviously you want the name to be something they never heard of, but also too, you want the name to still kind of be like trendy, catchy, because if it sounds really weird, it's just not even going to like capture people's attention. Okay.

Jude, I want more energy, unique process, unique wild harvested algae called AFA POV. You took wild harvested algae and now you have energy all day long or now you have all the energy. Yep.

That's correct. One thing is to handle objection in the, in the mechanism name. So you took wild harvested algae.

That actually makes me think this is just like some like algae doesn't have a good perceived like statement in people's minds. Like the first thing I think of as algae is like the algae in a pool. It's just like, that's disgusting.

So you could look at like wild harvested, you could look at something. It's like, where is it harvested? So like, for example, Hawaiian harvested algae, or like, it's like harvested in like the Hawaiian sea or something like that.

It increases the perceived value a little bit and kind of gives it a little bit more of a positive impression because it's, it's coming from a place that we all value. That's something like how to look at right there. Also the things actually certified organic by the ACO.

So is that something I could add there? Like maybe ACO certified wild harvested algae, or is it better just to say? Yeah.

So if it's, if it's, yeah. So like, let's say for example, if it was harvested in Hawaii, I would lead with Hawaii over organic, because what we're going to do, if we say organic, we're only going to cater to the few people that value organic in that perspective right there. But other than that, I would, I would leave with the Y because it increases the perceived value as well.

And then you can also put on your sales page. That's organic. That's also another key thing.

All right. Let's see. Desire get organized from Philip, unique process name, surrounding pocket system, unique process, a pocket system for easy storage.

Okay. Philip, you called out, he said your unique process name is SPS or surrounding pocket system, but in your hook, you do POV become an organized woman less than 60 seconds with Converta. So your, your process name is completely different in your hook.

I don't know if you changed it in the last second, but just want to make sure you point that out that you didn't call the, the key thing right there. All right. Cool guys.

So yeah. So overall, good. Y'all did a very good job with these hooks and stuff.

Again, few clarifications, obviously the type of name you choose can also greatly impact you or negatively impact you as well. You want something that flows and that makes sense. And also too, is different from your market and your competitors and everything.

Key thing is none of your competitors are also pushing this. So it gives your product a new sense of feeling. That's a big thing.

And if you have something that it's not different at all from your competition, like all of your competitors are doing the same way, look at what lucky strikes did in the sit with cigarettes. All they did was just call about something that everyone's doing, but no one's calling it out, which was toasting the tobacco before it's on the cigarette. So what they did was they said, Hey, lucky strikes it's toasted.

Now it's their like unique identifier to make it seem new. So just want to clarify it right there. What I would be looking at next for you guys is now that you go in, I want you all go test an ad using this unique process name.

And I also want to highlight something here is in your ad or your product page. You need to highlight this mechanism as well. So if you're going to use something like you're going to call it this unique mechanism on the page itself, or like your ad, you also need to call it out to on your product page.

Don't just call it on the ad and then people get to the product page and it's never mentioned again. So it needs to have that flow through the sales process. So people understand what makes you different.

And that way, when they compare you versus everyone else, they also see that mechanism being reinforced and how it's making your product different as well. So I do want to highlight that right there as that's going to make a big impact on your performance and to actually make this work. So we'll wrap up do like five minutes really quick and just quick questions regarding today's lessons.

Do you have any questions around today and how this can be applied to your ads? Nick, a quick question about like you are talking about like coming up with a good name and everything. Would you do something like this as a, potentially as a DCT to try like three different like basically names in a single creative or not really?

Yeah, that's a great question right there. So the way I would do it is I would do one DCT per name I test. That's just kind of typically how I do it.

But you know, you're not technically wrong with doing like one DCT, three books in a different mechanism for each one. It's just the problem is, is that if you test a particular mechanism and then you don't call it out on the product page, it's like you led me with one thing and I never see it again. That's just one of the things you have to look at.

You can use it as an initial test just to see what's getting the best traction and then go re kind of format your funnel to also include that. Got you. Got you.

To be able to do that then it wouldn't be a DCT, right? Like you would run it as like three ads and an ad set and then... No, you can do a DCT.

You can do a DCT and just do a breakdown to see which video got the most spin. Got you. Yeah.

Let's see Levi X. Would you do a VSL around that for the agency lander? Yeah.

So you would. So it's like, for example, like Levi, I know yours was, let me pull it up. You learn empathetic storytelling and now your store does 50K a days.

So what I would do is if I'm running this to get like Shopify clients, for example, I would have like a four to five second video ad that highlights a few case studies and how they all use empathetic storytelling. And then I would provide all of the information in the VSL and when people click on the VSL, I'm going to here's how to leverage empathetic storytelling. So yes.

Let's see Jude. Would this be solution aware? For your example, Jude?

Yes, that is solution aware. So they want more energy. Cool.

Any other last questions before we wrap up? Hey Nick. So if I shorten my hook, so like if I was like, you've got this handmade Alcantara phone case and now you're tired of non-stop compliments.

So it doesn't really call out the audience, but do you think that's fine or like, should I show that in the visuals or or should I just not worry about it? So it kind of comes down to, are we calling out the audience? Because who's our audience as supercar owners?

So there's one way, which is just showing them the visuals, right? You know, that's one way. And second way is, the second thing to think about is, do we even need to call the audience now?

Like we've never called the audience now. Do we even need to call it out? No.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Sounds good. Yeah. Sounds good.

Yeah.