This Facebook ad checklist is the exact checklist we've used to do over $100 million in revenue for our clients where we review our ads before we actually upload them to the ad account. So this checklist will help you with getting better ads and better quality of ads you're dropping inside of the account to find more winning ads where you can scale your spend to increase profits for the business. I understand it can be a struggle sometimes, especially if you're creating a lot of ads and just simply creating and uploading can be a big issue.

So the goal of this checklist right here is this is something you review before you actually upload to your ad account. So let's dive into it. The very first thing we like to look at is the hook.

And my question here is, is the hook strong enough? For me, I like to look at the golden hook formula. This is the formula in which we use to grade our hook before we actually upload it to the ad account.

And if our ads do not hit this formula, then they immediately get rejected in terms of like our own standards and quality control. And then we go and recreate it and we rebuild the ad before we actually drop it in the ad account. Now for us, the hook formula we use is imply a benefit, call out an ideal audience, and intrigue curiosity.

So how does that apply to this particular scene right here? Well, number one, we're calling out ideal audience, which is people who are looking for a coffee alternative. Now you don't necessarily need to say, Hey, are you looking for a coffee alternative?

Instead, we're just simply showcasing that, Hey, we have a coffee alternative and people who are looking for coffee alternative will see that. Next thing is we imply a benefit. We're implying that this coffee alternative tastes like coffee.

Now due to the high level of market sophistication, meaning that they've tried other coffee alternatives and failed with it. This one focuses on the implied benefits of tastes like coffee. It's not necessary.

It's more of like a feature than a benefit. But depending on the market sophistication, that can change a little bit. Long story short, there's an implied benefit that, Hey, I'm someone who's looking for a coffee alternative.

That's my audience. And this one right here is a coffee alternative and it has an implied benefit of a taste like coffee. So we appeal to our ideal audience.

We also appeal to our implied benefit. Now, the third thing is intrigue curiosity. So we're basically saying that, Hey, we found a coffee alternative that tastes like coffee.

And if I'm someone looking for a coffee alternative that tastes like coffee, I'm going to be curious to want to know what this is. So this hook makes me want to watch more. So it appeals to me, gives me a benefit for watching, and it makes me want to learn more.

This is a strong hook. Now, number two, the visuals speak to our target audience. So we showcase visuals based upon what our target audience wants to see.

Great example right here. This one, we're showcasing visuals that speak to our target audience. If they're struggling with this problem right here, we're showcasing them what they could achieve with our product.

Now, you don't necessarily have to do a before and after right here. This is just an example that I pulled for this particular video itself. But in this case right here, we either want to showcase what they're struggling with, or we want to showcase a lot of visuals of what they want.

We see this a lot in ads, specifically like people like gurus and stuff like that, selling courses and stuff. Those showcase like the laptop lifestyle, they'll showcase them driving Lamborghini, they'll showcase them flying in a private jet and stuff like that. They're showing visuals of what people want.

Same thing here. We're simply showcasing what people want and it speaks to our target audience. Now, number three is new visuals every three seconds.

And it could be every one, two, three seconds, but no more than three seconds. And what I mean by this is that in film and advertising or film specifically, there's a new visual every 10 seconds. If you go watch a movie or TV show, it'll be anywhere between one to 10 seconds.

There's a new visual on the screen. Why? Because people's attention span is so low.

So if we have the same visual in the scene for a long time, people get bored and swipe. Movie and film, no more than 10 seconds. Advertising, specifically social media advertising, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, one to three seconds max.

So let me just show you all really quick. I'll pull up a creative. Right here, every second to three seconds, we have a new visual on the screen.

It keeps people visually engaged. To me, this even still feels a little slow for this particular creative right here we made for this client, but it's fast paced. And this is also like a new winning ad we found.

It crushes for this particular brand. It showcases visuals that speak to an audience. It also too showcases every one to three seconds, a new visual on the screen.

It does a very good job for what we're looking for. So if you make creatives with one, a strong hook to visuals that speak to a target audience and number three, new visuals, every three, one to three seconds. If you're creating video content, this will put you substantially higher probability of finding new winning ads in your account.

Now I do have seven other checklist items that I like to look over before I publish to the accounts. And if you want to see those seven, I posted them in my new ebook I just finished and just launched on the online. And if you want to get this particular book, there's a link below.

It's literally only $29 and it's 100 pages long with high level information on the art of creating ads that scale. So I highly recommend checking it out. And like I said, I have seven more checklist items in that particular book that I review before I post a Facebook ad live in the account.

So definitely recommend checking those out. Like I said, link will be below. Really appreciate if you could support me.

Again, this is, this is literally a $29 book. You know, I know I have a couple other high ticket products and I want to give you guys as like a thank you, a more lower ticket product, but with insane amounts of value, with a step by step process to be able to create ads that spend hundreds of thousand dollars that we follow ourselves. So click the link below for that.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And with that being said, I'll talk to you all later.

Peace out.