What's going on guys, welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault. Today, I want to show you a case study for a new ad we launched that literally increased profit for the business by 150%.

And this is for a Shopify store. We can't really go into what they're selling, but I'm going to be showing you as much as I possibly can. Now, if you're wondering why I'm incredible to be teaching these types of things outside of just showing you this case study, I've done over $60 million in online revenue for my clients.

I run a Facebook ads agency and I also coach and mentor students, which the link below for both of those have Nick Theriault run your ads or mentor by Nick can be found below. Now, before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And let's dive into the video.

So going into it, first off, just going to show you the after results. And I'm going to show you the for and the after over like a three day time range for this specific brand. So after we literally averaged about $639 profit per day.

And again, that's profit. And that's over May 16th through May 18th. And then we lowered our NCCPA, which is by 21%, which is our new customer acquisition cost.

So we're showing you that, hey, we just didn't approve it by just simply making a product that sells more to existing customers. We also approving it by showing CPA for new customers dropping and improving the business. Now, I'm going to show you the before state where they were averaging about $787 in profit over May 13th through May 15th, which was averaging about $262 of profit per day.

Now, here's something else to point out. This was actually an increase in profit. Profit was actually up relative to the last couple of days before this.

So we increased it after already increasing profit once. So just showing you that. Now, NCCPA was up, was around like $39 for this brand.

So we dropped it literally by $10 almost for this brand for the NCCPA. So just going a little bit further into it, I will show you guys everything we did as promised. So first things first is that you can see right here, this is our ad account.

We're rocking the one campaign structure, spending $1,040 a day on Facebook. Now, if you're curious about our ad account structure, you can go to broad targeting, dynamic creatives, this particular Facebook ads tutorial. If I'm going to go inside the ad accounts, I'm going to show you step by step of what we're doing, how we're running it, all that good stuff.

Now, looking at the ad set level for this particular account, this is on May 16th through May 18th. Today is also May 18th. So I'm also not even fully done with this test.

And when we launch a DCT, we let it run for three days. Then we decide to kill it or leave it off or leave it on. If it's crushing it and making an impact in the business positively, you leave it on.

If it's not doing anything or just like reducing the impact and efficiency of the business, you turn it off. So you can see right here, we launched 123 on May 16th and it's getting majority spin, $2,000 overall for this particular ad set. Now, I'm going to show you guys three days before launching this DCT.

You can see May 13th through May 15th. We spent $2,200 on our main ad set, which is broad. Now, again, we're on $1,000 and $1,040 day CBO.

So I'm not forcing spin to these. I'm simply just giving Facebook the option if it thinks that these creatives are better. So you can see right here, we also launched some of this other stuff like a retest, a UGP2, UGP1.

We've launched these other tests. It did not get majority of spin. We launched 123.

It got majority of spin. We also launched 124. It didn't get majority of spin.

Now, granted, it got a lower cost per acquisition, but it did not make a significant impact on the business. This particular model right here, this one got majority of spin and created a significant impact on the business because it's getting majority of spin at a CPA that we can afford to scale at, which is $29. Anything $30 or less is great for the business for us to scale.

Now, Nick, you got a 124 right here with a $9 cost per purchase. Why don't you scale that up? Facebook doesn't know how to manage the budget.

No shit, Sherlock. All right. Facebook is going to spin on the ad set that has the highest potential to take that $1,000 a day budget right here.

It's going to take this $1,000 a day budget and it's going to say, okay, out of all of these particular ad sets, they're all targeting the same particular targeting. The only thing difference is the creatives in each one. Now, broad 0720 is our main ad set.

This is where we have all of our winning ads. So you can see right here, that's why it's getting majority of spin. Now, our objective when we launch a new DCT is to beat that ad set to find a new ad set, a new set of creatives that's going to impact the business positively, that's going to increase your objective.

Which is either maybe increasing profits or maybe lowering NCCPA so you can spend more to acquire more customers and then further improve from retention. But the whole objective here is to lower NCCPA, to hit the NCCPA, which we need, which is $30 to allow us to scale more efficiently with the business. So in this particular case, it got majority of the spin and it lowered NCCPA, which allows us to scale more.

These particular ad sets also had the equal option to get this $1,000 a day budget, but it did not. Why? Because Facebook knew to spend that $1,040 a day, these ad sets were not the best candidates to spin at scale.

And it's where a lot of people get stuck. We've tested 23 particular ad sets in this account and we've had maybe one or two take off. It's a very tricky particular product.

And that's why I want to show you this. So that way you can understand that there will be times where you have doubt that it's not the best way to go. But yet when it does take off, you realize everything you've been doing was the right way to do it.

Now I could go and force money on these particular ad sets. And what's going to happen is it's going to burn more money. And I'm going to quickly realize that, yes, it's getting a $9 cost per acquisition because Facebook can only find people that resonate with that particular set of creatives in there that can only spend about $147.

Now I'm giving Facebook the opportunity to show me what works and what doesn't. I can turn something off if it spends majority and doesn't perform. Yes, I can turn it off.

That's perfectly fine. And then it'll just get more spin back to the broad. But my objective here is to see what converts at scale.

I love a business that can do $2,000 with $29 cost per acquisition versus $147 at a $9 cost per acquisition. This is significantly better and created a significant impact in the business positively, which is good. Now let's go a little bit further in it.

Again, just confirming the overall impact when we launch this. Now I want to go over a problem, a couple of the problems here and how we overcame this and what we did so that way you understand. So first thing is that we were stuck on this account for a while.

We've been working with this account for about 45 days now and we've been struggling with testing a variety of different things. We have really no luck. So we really have to take a zoom out for a second and really look at what are other desires for this product.

Tested a few personas. We tested a few positioning, a few angles, and we realized we had the wrong desire. So we needed a new desire for this product.

Now, an example, because I can't tell you guys the exact one for the client privilege of just privacy, is that your desire is the I want statements of the market. So example is, I want to make more money. That's a desire.

Now, what I need to do here is attach my product to that desire. So if I want to make more money, that's the desire. I need to channel that desire onto my product.

So all my advertising needs to appeal to people who want to make more money. That's all we did here. Now, look at the solution.

We came up with a few new ideas on how we can position this product to new desires from spending time doing market research. This is where we go and watch video content. We're going to read Reddit reviews, Amazon, looking at other products, looking at a variety of just different pieces of content around our ideal customers.

And we're looking for other I want statements. I have different desires that we can theoretically take and go ahead and leverage for our product. So from here, we picked out of all the ones we found, we picked a new one we wanted to test.

We prioritized it. Then we went ahead and we scripted out all the content. We scripted out the creative, the copy, all that stuff, got it all filmed.

And then we launched new ads. And then the results, it positively impacted the overall for the business. We found a new winning DCT.

We lowered NCCPA by $9, almost, you know, like that's what, like almost $10. And we've increased profit by 143%. So this goes back to my video I posted the other day of how to find more winning Facebook ads.

And this is where I talk about the prioritization of different types of tests to run within your creative test. Creative tests in general is a very broad term, but there's a lot of key variables you need to focus on inside of those creative tests that's going to yield better results than others. So highly recommend checking out this video, how to find more winning Facebook ads.

And if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And make sure you drop some comments below if you have any questions.

Love to help them out for you guys. Now again, run a Facebook ads agency, also coach and mentor students. So click the link below, have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads and schedule a strategy session with me, or click the link below for mentoring and basically just, you know, essentially like getting into my inner circle.

Now, hope you guys have a great rest of the day. I'll tell you guys later. Peace out.