There has been a new Facebook ads update that I don't think really anyone knows about or has really paid attention to. And mostly due to we spend so much time in the ads manager, we don't actually really look at how the ad is being shown in front of our customers. And today we're going to be talking about kind of the body copy and the headlines more specifically because they don't really look like they used to.

So let's take a look really quick. The other day I spent probably, I don't know, maybe 20, 30 minutes scrolling on my feed. And I was kind of just screenshotting different ads and stuff like that.

And I noticed something, right? I don't typically notice this, but I noticed this specifically when I was scrolling through my feed the other day. And that is Facebook is showing less and less body copy now.

Before it showed like three different lines and in the creative, and then you have like your headline right here and then boom shop. Now, now you're getting 50, yes, 50 characters. And that includes spaces before you have to hit see more, right?

And there's nothing wrong with that. Like you can still hit see more and you can read the best of the copy. There's nothing wrong with that.

But before they used to show three lines, now they show one line and more specifically 50 characters. So why is this important to understand? Because when you're writing your copy now, you know, first off, we haven't really done long form copy in the last three, four years.

And we spend probably close to a little bit over a million dollars a month in ad spend for our clients. And you know, just long form copies not really need it. If you're building the right creative, if you're building a really good landing page, long form copies really not need it.

And we don't really take that approach anymore. But I will show you guys a couple of examples. So as you can see right here, this one gets cut off, see more, the creative is decently well.

And then you know, your hook or your headline down here. But yeah, so let's take a look at, you know, a couple different ads. So here's one we created.

And then here's one I just found online. It's nothing we created. I don't take any credibility or like anything for that.

But we did create this one right here. It's one of our clients, you can see, we only focused on a little bit of the body copy. And we focused mostly on the creative.

And that's still where you want to spend 90% of your time and attention is building a really good creative. This one's, this one has a hook called every mama deserves a break. That's the hook.

We show our visuals, we have our sub headline, we have our headline, we have our body copy. And you can see right here, we're more centric around the creative itself, because the creative itself is what does all the selling power, and it's responsible for all of your performance. Now, if we're selling a more technical product, you know, maybe have a medical product, for example, that there's a lot that needs to be explained to the customer, then all we'll do is we'll simply just create a landing page and go more in depth on the landing page and just do a really clickbaity type picture or video that gets people to read the landing page.

So kind of go either way on that. But yeah, so first thing you just really understand, shorter body copy that gets people to read the image, or watch the video. That's all we want.

Now headline down here, this all we want is short and a reason why you should click that shop now button reason why the perfect Mother's Day gift, boom, shop now, that's it. So reason why you should click the shop now button for the headline body copy, that's going to focus on why you should look at the creative, the creative itself. This is where you have your main hook that calls out your ideal audience, basically drives curiosity and implies a benefit for that hook right there.

Now this is just another ad in this one we have no we didn't greeting create we have nothing around this just an ad a screenshot it. And you can see right here, there's this body copies a little bit longer. But you can also see we've produced close to 30,000 ads in four years, you can see they're still leveraging a good enough statement before the see more that's actually entices you to want to watch the video or click on the seaboard button right there.

So solid work right there creative does all the selling power in this particular creative as well. So a solid creative itself. And then again, the headline is just kind of focus on more of like why you should click that learn more button.

So just a recap really quick body copy, you want to keep this 50 characters long, including spaces, and I'm focusing on something that's going to get me to either look at the image or watch the video. The headline is essentially something that's going to be 40 characters or shorter, including spaces. And I simply want this as something for me to click that learn more button or shop now button creative flies, we do four by five for all of our videos, and one by one for all our photos.

If I know we're in an industry where 90% of the winners or nine by 16, then I'll do nine by 16 for both placements. But just going to give you guys a little update on that side right there. So yeah, not really a super long video.

I just want to kind of show this for y'all. And again, more kind of give you guys a little bit more update on, you know, where should you spending your time and attention and also to just being aware of like, hey, shorter body copy, shorter headlines work better. And then you're leveraging all your time and attention on that creative itself.

And then if you have a product that's more technical, that needs a lot of selling power, we're focusing more on a creative that's more clickbaity to get the right people to land on a landing page or an advertorial or a VSL that does that longer form selling for more of a technical product that requires more selling instead of just leveraging a product page. So we'll do something like that a VSL and advertorial, a listicle, a long form landing page, then we'll go into the product page itself. So hope you guys enjoyed this video, make sure the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

If you want me to run your ads, I specifically focus on scaling brands from six figures to seven figures per month. We've got four brands now left up you be the next one. Or maybe you want me to mentor you on a monthly basis on how to create better ads specifically for your brand than a half my mentoring program.

And then lastly, maybe you want to go from an intermediate to an advanced marketer, but you don't have the funds for mentoring or full service, then check out my agency course or specifically my ads course below. My name is Nick Terrio guys. Y'all have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.