Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we'll be discussing the creative framework that I've been following throughout my ads career and it has delivered over $5 million in sales for me through Shopify stores and stuff like that, that we manage in terms of like for our clients and everything. So I really wanted to dive into this and show you guys exactly how we make decisions based off creatives, you know, and how to structure and create new creatives, advertising angles, and all that good stuff.

So I'm going to kind of show you more from a strategic standpoint. So I won't actually be in the ads manager doing this. I'm going to show you more of a strategic standpoint in a way that's going to make sense for you.

So that way you can follow this framework because it's honestly the ad account structure and all that's very easy stuff. So more, just more from a strategic framework of how you can implement this into your ad accounts and get you better results inside with your business. So that being said, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And again, we have over 70 percent of people that watch this channel right now that is not subscribed. So make sure you hit that subscribe button and hit that notification bell for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, because trust me, I'm sure you will not be disappointed. That being said, let's dive into the video guys.

So like just to recap, I mean, this is just a few like screenshots from ads manager and everything from Shopify and stuff. We've done over $5 million in sales between the brands we manage and stuff. So again, we don't own any brands ourselves.

We run ads for clients with Facebook ads and primarily Shopify stores we work with. Now, the biggest thing and the thing that creates the biggest impact in an ad account is the advertising angles you go after. So this is the biggest thing that's going to deliver the biggest results inside of your ad account.

These simple little comments about ABO or CBO or adjusted budget here or there are like, I'm stuck in a 1x ROAS in my ad account. I keep testing new audiences. Nothing's happening is because you're keep using the same creative, the same advertising angles.

That's just not working for your business. And in order to get you the results, you need to step away and test something completely different. And that's why I created this video to really show you how to craft advertising angles and how to test something radically different to get you some better results inside of your ad accounts.

So the first things first is everything starts off with advertising angles. Advertising angles is the message you're trying to send to the consumer through creative and copy. So when someone reads your copy, the message they receive and the few word message they receive in their mind is the advertising angle.

They watch a 30 minute ad. The message they can receive at the end is going to be the angle. So it's the message you're trying to convey to the consumer.

That's the advertising angle. So like one of our brands, one product is the perfect gift for a loved one. That's an advertising angle that works super well.

And then another advertising angle for it's a unique piece for your wall. So two examples of advertising angles for one product, some custom metal sign that goes on people's walls. That's it.

So looking into it and looking at kind of this diagram right here, probably like what the hell is going on, Nick? Have you lost your mind? No, I love food.

I eat a lot of it every day. So I was like, how, and I'm just sitting there thinking like, how can I illustrate to people this advertising angles, these creatives and everything like that? And I was like, wait, it's food.

It's food. Let me explain here. So advertising angles, this might be, okay.

You got your Mexican food, your Italian food, your United States food, you get different genres of food. This might be the Mexican restaurant down the road, the hamburger joint down the road, or the pizza joint down the road. And then within those places, they serve a variety of food all under that same theme.

So your advertising angle might be Mexican food, Italian food, you know, United States food, USA food, just like burgers and hot dogs. So this is your advertising angles. So for us, this is the perfect gift for a loved one.

This right here is beautiful piece, unique piece for your wall. Now, what you do is, is once you have your angles written down, so perfect gift for a loved one, unique piece for your wall, you just have your general angles written down. And by the way, if you need help crafting angles, book a discovery call with me below, and we will help you craft advertising angles for your business.

So if you're an econ brand owner, doing at least 25k a month, we'll help you out with the strategic side. If you're on less than 25k a month, then sign up for the pre-order of Elegant Ecom, where I literally show you step-by-step how to craft advertising angles and all that good stuff. So jumping back to the video, you have your advertising angles first.

Now, next is the creative slash copy. So let's just do that. Cause again, you know, the advertising angle is portrayed through the creative and the copy.

So the creative, the copy, when we look at the creative, the copy, this is all the different things at that restaurant. So Mexican food might have burritos, they have tacos, they might have enchiladas, they might have tostadas. So they have all these different types of food.

So same thing right here. Just put burritos and tacos down to portray it. Now Italian food is going to have pizza, spaghetti, and I'm completely blanked out for anything else.

So you're going to have that right there. So that's an ad. This is an ad.

This is an ad. This is an ad, but they all stem under that angle. So if we're doing the perfect gift for a loved one, this might be a video ad of a loved one unboxing this particular sign, loving it.

This one might be more of a just flat image with a review all about how it's an amazing gift that my wife gave me. Same thing for pizza, same thing for spaghetti, except it's a whole new angle. So this one might be a unique piece for your wall.

So this one might be just a person hanging up on the wall and talk about how amazing it is. This one might be right here, a picture of it on the wall with a review about how amazing this is, how it looks so good on their wall. And then USA right here, you have your hamburgers, your hot dogs, and then your other angle.

This might be whatever, whatever new angle we come up with a test. So what we do is to actually run this initial test. We do what's called our initial launch SOP or our process.

So we'll craft all of this. We'll craft our Mexican food angle with all the creatives and ads inside of it. We'll do our Italian angle with our different ads and creatives inside of it, and our US angle, if there are different ads and creatives inside of it.

And what we'll do is we'll create one campaign, ABO campaign and ABO campaign. Number one is Mexican food. If you don't want ABO, it's ad set budget optimizations.

We're controlling budget at the ad set level. Then campaign number two, we're doing Italian food. Campaign number three, we're doing USA food.

So we're doing a different angle per campaign for our initial launch. And we're doing 10 ad sets, anywhere from five to 10 ad sets in each campaign at a, at a one X target CPA. So if your target CPA is $25 call for acquisition, then we're doing each ad set at $25.

That's it. And then you're putting the same ads. So you're putting burrito in all of the ad sets for Mexican food, and then you're putting taco in all the ad sets for Mexican food.

So very simple. So pick out five of 10 interests, put them, um, five to 10, create five to 10 ad sets and make sure all four campaigns have the identical ad sets in it. Each campaign will be labeled different.

The only thing different between the four campaigns will be the creative and the copy. So you have that right there. Now, the next thing is once you find a winner, so like, let's say we run that test, I recommend running it for three to seven days and you find out that, Hey, this completely does not work.

And this completely does not work at all, but this one works well, Mexican food works really well. That's the angle that works really well. So you run that for a few days, you turn these campaigns off, but you leave this one running.

Okay. First thing you want to do is turn off all the bad ads. So if we look at it from a deeper level, we know that, Hey, Mexican food works super well.

So this particular angle, this might be the perfect gift for a loved one. And then taco works super well. So this might be more of like a review or like maybe like a product picture of that person holding that sign and how much they love it.

So we know this video right here just sucked, but we know people holding the sign works super well. So taco one. Now what happens is, is now what typically would happen is, is people spend money on this, this particular creative right here, this particular ad, and they would keep just spending money on it.

And then when it came down to testing new creatives, they're going to go back to like testing Italian food or USA food. We know those particular angles don't work. What you need to do is you literally use the same copy, everything, but the creative.

So same copy, same headline, but just different creatives. So if people like tacos, then how can we go and expand further on that? So let's say for example, this is a picture of a girl holding up.

Then we could do maybe video of a girl holding the sign saying how much she likes it. You can have a photo of a couple holding the sign. And then maybe this one could just be a photo of a guy.

So this is a photo of a girl holding the sign. It's be a photo of a guy. And let's say you test them all.

And then I think, I don't know, whatever this one was a video of the girl. So a photo of a girl, so a video of a girl, so a photo of a couple is a photo of a couple. I mean, a guy.

So this video works the best that works the best. So now we want to double down on that video of the girl talking and holding the sign up and how that's really good. Now what you want to do is you want to start creating more, more like this particular ads that work.

So you look at this and you got a photo of a girl holding the sign. You got a video of a girl holding the sign. Now, can you go further?

And if you look at this, I didn't even explain this, but I hope this kind of makes sense. So you have this general concept of a girl holding a sign. There's a lot of different creative ways we can illustrate that particular concept.

So we have like our fish tacos, our steak tacos, and our chicken tacos. These are all still under that same concept of a girl holding the sign, but they have different flavors. Let's just put it like that.

So these didn't work. Steak tacos work the best. Now a steak taco, you can get that with cheese.

You can get that with lettuce. You can get that with jalapenos. So then you create further variations of that steak taco, which you want to do for here in ad world essentially, is you take that video of that girl holding the sign and talking.

Now let's try a different first three seconds of that video. Let's try a different text on the screen. So putting maybe like a call to action on the screen, and then you basically go ahead and test a bunch of different variables in that video to fine tune your ultimate creative.

And all while this is happening, you're constantly taking these best performing ads that have been proven to work, and you're just putting them in scaling campaigns and scaling them up. So you keep doing creative testing alongside your main scaling campaigns, and then you're scaling up the ads that work as you find new winners. So like I'll put this in a scaling campaign.

I put this in a scaling campaign. Let's say, you know, with cheese works super well. This might be a different three seconds.

We're also going to put that in the scaling campaign. Lift lettuce didn't work. And then we're going to do is we're going to keep creating more.

So when I say keep creating more than, you know, again, you can do one with peppers, this might be different type of model holding signs, you maybe had a girl 23 to five years old, holding the sign talking about how much she loves it. This one might be a model of a girl 30 to 40 years old holding it. So different models as well.

This might be different backgrounds, different scenery. This might be different uses, or not necessarily uses for the product, but different. Yeah, just more sceneries, different models, different ages, different ethnicities, different races, different genders, like all that stuff right there to really fine tune that creative.

And as you create, keep creating these new ones, you're scaling up the winners. That's it. That's literally how our ad process looks.

And this right here takes very little time. Like we're in and out the ads manager in 30 minutes a day. That's it.

That's our time. I'm 30 minutes a day in the ads manager. And that's it.

The rest of the time needs to be focused on stuff like this is creative strategy and keep like out doing the recent winner. If that makes sense. Now, here's the thing.

As people keep eating Mexican food, they may get tired of it and need something new, a new flavor to our food to essentially strike their interest. So that's when you may want to go ahead and test a different one. So you have USA food.

This might be, you know, the next one might be Chinese food and try a whole new advertising angle. And we always like typically like to try one new advertising angle a month. If the account has a strong performance on the current angle, we like to try one new angle per month.

That way we're still kind of testing new angles because if we just leave all of our eggs in one basket, as soon as this angle goes away, then what happens is, is we lose a lot of, you know, like we basically scale back down and we have to find new angles and that's not fun. So keep testing new angles from the side. And then also to, like I said, you keep doing your creative testing and taking the winners from every creative test and putting it up in the main campaign.

So obviously this is a lot to go through, but this, this basically gives you a higher level view of, okay, how am I looking at the ad account? How am I looking at it and stuff and how I'm looking at creative and everything and actually batching stuff together and compartmentalizing it properly in your brain. Cause once you understand that it's very easy to make these types of tests.

Now, with that being said, if you want help with all of this right here, if you're in, you're making at least 25 K a month in revenue, uh, with your e-com business, then make sure you click link below to book a discovery call with me and my team. We'll do a strategy session, which you plan out a strategy for you. You can take it and run with it and you know, have fun with it, or you can have the opportunity to work with us.

If we think you'd be a great fit for the business. Now, if you're making less than 25 K a month in revenue, then make sure you click a link below on signing up for the pre-order of elegant e-com elegant e-com will be a course. That's going to show you a step-by-step of how to do all of this inside the ads manager.

And I'm only releasing for the first 50 people to purchase it or getting it at $500 USD. After that, it's going up to a thousand dollars. So if you sign up for the pre-order list, the pre-order list is going to get first access like the first 24 hours, and then it's going to go live on YouTube where, I mean, we get a few hundred views of video now, so that's going to be sold out like that.

So make sure you on that list. If you want priority access to the best pricing available guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. Make sure you hit that like button.

This is definitely a value-packed video. Like I said, more of a strategic standpoint, more of a bird's eye view of how we make operations inside the ads manager to really break things down. Now, if you're not subscribed, make sure you hit that subscribe button.

We notice over 70% of you guys are not subscribed to the YouTube channel that are currently watching these videos. So make sure you hit that subscribe button. My goal is to get to the 50% not subscribed by the end of the year.

So I definitely think that is doable. Post new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday that are value packed. I can guarantee you that.

Now guys, thank you all so much for watching. My name is Nick Theriot, and I hope you guys have a great rest of your day. See y'all soon.

Peace.