Today we'll be going over exactly how we write hooks that scale clients to seven figures them up with Facebook ads. Just showing off a couple of our success stories, case studies, things like that. Just kind of show you guys that I'm actually am who I say I am in that particular case.

So let's dive into this. When you're writing a Facebook ad book, there's a couple key things that you need to get right if you want it to scale. So the first thing that we want to look at is we want to look at our market research and we need to pick out a desire, a symptom or a problem.

Let's just say, for example, you know, if we're looking at like a dog joint care product, well, a desire might be I want my dog to be able to run around freely in the backyard. I want my dog to run around like he's a puppy again. That's a desire.

That's what people would people want. Now a symptom could be something like my dog is struggling to jump on the couch. I have no clue why.

I just noticed this symptom to it. A problem will be like my dog has arthritis. What do I do to solve this?

So you have a desire, a symptom or a problem. You'll undercover this by looking at your market research specifically. I like to do my market research on YouTube, TikTok, Reddit, all of these different things.

And I like to pick one of these three. Sometimes I might write like one ad with a desire, another ad with a symptom and another out of a problem and just have different ads hitting on different key things I find from market research. So I just chose scale Facebook ads.

We're going to go after the desire to scale Facebook ads. What we want to look at. Now, next thing we want to do is we want to do some multiplication here and we want to look at our golden hook formula and our golden hook formula is calling out an ideal audience, implying a benefit and intriguing curiosity within our, you know, the people that are reading slash watching this particular video that we're going to position for them.

So we take one of these, we multiply it by our golden hook formula, and then that's how we get our winning hook. So for example, the one I did was new Facebook ad strategy to scale Shopify store to a million dollar months. So let's look at this and see and kind of break this hook down right here.

So new Facebook ad strategy. Here's how I'm intriguing curiosity. So again, one of the key things for the golden hook formula is intriguing curiosity.

New Facebook ad strategy. This is this kind of hitting on the fact that they've tried a few Facebook ad strategies already. And I'm just simply hitting on a totally new Facebook ad strategy here.

And they're curious. I mean, I want to know what this strategy is. Now I'm really hitting on the desire, which is to scale new Facebook ad strategy and intriguing curiosity to scale, which is the desire and then to hit million dollar month.

So, you know, to scale to million dollars month. That's what people want. Now I'm intriguing curiosity.

I'm hitting on the desire and I'm also implying that they're going to get something from, you know, I could do this as a video. I could do this as an editorial or a listicle or something like low form landing page, even a VSL right here, and they're going to get something out of this. So if I go to implied benefit, do they feel like they're going to get something out of this if they watch this video or read this article or whatever I'm sending, you know, whatever I'm, I'm giving them next.

Yes, they do. So here I'm, you know, hitting on our desire. I'm hitting on our ideal audience, which is people who are Facebook ads that want to scale.

If someone's running Facebook ads and they want to scale, this will appeal to them. Will this appeal to a 40 year old blue collar worker who lives in Texas, who's never heard of Facebook ads once in his life? No, at all.

Not at all. This is going to specifically appeal to our ideal audience. So yes.

So ideal audience, implied benefit, intrigued curiosity. We hit on all that plus our desire, which is good. So this is a plus.

This is very good. Now, just kind of out of curiosity, could we do symptom and problem? Well, let's just say, for example, if we're going to call it the symptom, you know, if your dog is struggling to jump on the couch, you need to watch this.

Basically, if your dog is struggling to watch on the couch, yes, calling out the audience, you need to watch this, intrigued curiosity. But is there any implied benefits? Ah, no, there's not.

So we need to go back and look back at work that back over again. If your dog is struggling to jump on the couch, you need to see this 90 second trick or this simple solution. Even something as simple as that right there, just highlighting the fact that there's a solution for that.

So that's kind of implying the benefit. Now, a problem. Let's say, for example, you're dealing with arthritis, new arthritis supplement shocks the market because of this one thing, new arthritis supplement or new arthritis product calling out the problem and also kind of highlighting that this is a new solution for that particular product or that problem right there shocks the market.

I'm just kind of like saying something different right there to really intrigued curiosity. And then I said, because of this one thing, and I'm highlighting that's like, Oh, what is this one thing? You know, I want to know.

So just another idea right there for problem, desire, symptom. So yeah. So this is the literally the strategy that we follow every time we're writing a hook to make sure that it captures our right audience.

It gives them something to watch in terms of like that in benefit and untrue curiosity. And also it's hitting on the correct things from research and all that stuff. So and this is exactly what we do for scaling all of our clients.

Hopefully you enjoyed this video. We want me to do this for you do all the research, creating the ads, running your ads and all that good stuff for your business and helping you scale us a million dollars a month like we did from multiple other clients, then click link below, book a call with me, have Nick Terrio run your ads. If you want me to actually do this with you in terms of a mentorship perspective, then click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good idea all day. Peace out.