What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. Today we have Nickteria reacts to Facebook ads episode number four.

Today we'll be diving into some health and wellness Facebook ads. Kind of questioning why I'm incredible to be teaching these types of things. I've done over 50 million dollars in online sales.

I run an e-com growth agency and those sales are specifically for my clients. So I just want to be clear right there. I didn't do personally for me.

I run an e-com growth agency. I also coach and mentor a few e-com brands. Click the links below if you want to learn more about how you can work with me either for the ad side or for the mentorship program.

Now before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So today we'll be diving into some health and wellness ads and yeah, we'll be going on to foreplay. If you're not sure what foreplay is, it's a tool I use to one, save a lot of ads to make boards and stuff like little dashboards like this.

That just amazingly helps my research process. There's also a discovery tool where I can discover a ton of ads that have already been saved by the foreplay community. So I can just find creative inspiration within seconds really quick and just speeds up my research process a ton.

Okay. So the ads I've saved today are all in the health and wellness space. They've been sorted by the longest running since saved on foreplay.

So these have been running for a couple months. So that basically just means that, Hey, these are likely working in winning ads for these specific brands. So let's go and start diving into it.

And also to just a huge little like, yo, um, this is like the 12th video I've just filmed in 24 hours. So give me some credit guys. There's a little, a little of energy here.

Film 12 videos, YouTube videos within 24 hours. I'll be traveling a good portion of April. So I had to get a lot of content just batched up together.

But Hey guys, we're in a home run right here. Got some Alani new, and I'm ready to just sit back and sip on some ads. Look at some ads.

Okay. So we got a first one is beam right here, which is from boosting recovery to helping you fall asleep. CBD has a ton of anti-burnout benefits.

Learn how to build CBD and true routine. Okay. So this is a solution aware ad right here.

It's, it's calling out what people want, but just they're unaware of the, you know, the product. Okay. So that's solution aware.

Oh, let me go back right there. It's not what I want it. Let's go back.

All right. And let's click on MP4 here. Just see burnout is real.

Not really sure what the fuck is going on in the background though. Like what is she doing? Does anyone do this weird type of stretching before they go to sleep?

All right. Burnout is real. Number one best thing for it, better sleep.

Okay, cool. For a better night's rest, start with CBD. Okay.

So it's calling out problem aware people. People are problem aware. Solution aware.

Oh wait, actually, no, this is more unaware. Okay. Unaware burnout's real.

Okay. Best thing for better sleep. All right.

Now we're problem aware. How do I get better sleep? Now solution aware start with CBD.

Okay. So unaware problem aware, solution aware, all that one ad right there. Okay, cool.

Yeah. It's, I don't know. It's like, who's the target demographic here?

I don't really know. Like there's no core identity. It's calling out here.

Maybe just general people, you know, burnout was real. I would be calling out people for specific, like for example, artists, uh, creatives, you know, nine to five, uh, people who work long shifts, like call specific demographic here. It's just so vague in that sense.

I don't know. I just feel like the visuals could be better. Like they do a good job with the texts and stuff, but the visuals just call out no like core identity here.

Boosting recovery to helping you fall asleep. CBD. So solution aware kind of texts with a unaware to problem aware, you know, cause again, unaware you're convincing people they have a problem.

So we're trying to call out people to let them know, Hey, if you're burning out, like the best thing for sleep, how do you get better sleep? Boom. CBD.

Okay, cool. Give it like a six or seven out of 10. All right, we're going to go to feel now and click on this.

See what feel is cutting edge formula to improve skin health on a cellular level. Okay. So this is, I would say product aware, cause it's calling out a new formula to the benefit.

Okay. Again, product aware, you're introducing a new mechanism, stage three mechanism, stuff like that. Some of acid, ask Wanda, ask, ask a one, ask a one.

I said it before, right? But I can't say it for shit right now. Three powerful strains of live cultures.

Okay. I have no fucking clue about any of this. Okay.

Skin health. What type of skin health? What, like, what does that mean?

Skin health. Okay. Like, is it going to like, like what, like just skin health is in general.

Hey, this product helps to improve your health. Well, how do I know it's working? Okay.

Your skin, hair, nails can get a boost from science or a breakthrough in beauty supplementation. And it's a science meets nature. 11 powerful components for glowing complexion.

Okay. Glowing complexion. There we go.

That's something that's actually a benefit. Cutting edge formula to improve skin health on a cellular level. Cutting edge formula to get a glowing complexion on a cellular level.

I don't know, something like that. Cutting edge formula to get a glowing complexion. That's probably all you need to put.

All you need to put right there. There's no, like, improve skin health is too vague. When you're too vague with the benefits, like, well, how the fuck do I know it works?

And what benefit am I getting? Okay. I don't know.

Um, fix up the ad copy. And this could definitely be like a solid seven or eight, you know, uh, 11 natural powerful components for glowing complexion. Way too much shit going on in here as well.

I would just call out, you know, 11 natural powerful components for glowing complexion. I'd probably just say that up here. And then I would look into here and I would just say cutting edge formula to improve, uh, to get a glowing complexion.

That's all I would put. So that's it. Boom.

I don't know. Yeah. Like I said, it could be better.

Probably say it's like a four or five for this ad. Just fix up the ad copy and you can easily have a good seven or eight. All right.

Next one is shop now at Nordstrom. Okay. So some type of product here.

No clue what this is. We've partnered with Nordstrom to bring you the blender that is revolutionizing access to healthier lifestyle. Seeing now is believing.

Okay. This is one of those where it's like, do we do photo or video? Okay.

So we've partnered with Nordstrom to bring you the blender as revolution, revolutionizing access to healthier lifestyles. Okay. I have no clue how this product works.

This is where it's like, do I do a photo or video? If I'm doing a photo for this, I would do something in a deeper level of awareness, like product aware and stuff like that. Assuming they already know what the blender is.

So if they already know what this blender is, then that's fine. Like this photo is fine. But if I have no fucking clue what this is, I definitely going more for that video of showcasing how the product works.

Yeah. So get it just depends. This could be like a seven or eight, like terms of like, if it's a product where we're just calling out a specific thing, but if they're not products where at all, and we're just trying to introduce this product to the market, solution aware, then horrible because I have no clue how this product works.

It just, yeah. All right. Next one, smart ear cleaner.

These are pretty cool. I've worked with a brand like this before. Basically just, you know, articulating the problem.

Introducing the solution. How the, how to use the product. Just further showing and proving the claim.

Further showcasing the benefits. Cool. Yeah.

It's, it's solid. You know, it's not necessarily bad. Not necessarily good.

The reason why I say it's not necessarily good is just because I don't know some of these animate, like it just, some of this footage just looks low quality and with those low quality stuff like that, it just makes me think of dropshipping store. All right. Average person.

This is for Lark. Let me click on this. Does your water bottle clean itself?

I don't know. Ours does. Okay.

This is Lark. Self-cleaning water bottle. Oh, okay.

So first off when it says, does your water bottle clean itself? I'm thinking like it actually cleans itself. Like I never have to put this in the dishwasher, but it actually cleans the water itself.

So it purifies the water is what I'm assuming. Oh, okay. So yeah.

Okay. So basically it does clean itself in the sense of you can put whatever you want in it. Clean.

It purifies the water. Technically when it purifies the water, it cleans itself as well. Cause you know, cleaning something, removing the germs, bacteria and stuff like that.

But if it purifies the water, it also kind of cleans itself because it's removing germs and bacteria that's already might be in there. I would, you know, this is a tough one right here. I would probably position this product differently.

I'd probably push it to more of like the, you know, the nature outgoing people. Cause how often do you just see people walk up and fill up a water bottle with their outside? You know, some people call it a faucet, some call it a spigot.

You know, how often does like people actually like go outside and just fill their water bottle like that? Okay. I would probably position this as more of like a nature style.

You know, again, you could have, you do have the people too that, you know, are skeptical about some of the purification processes and water they find outside. Not necessarily like outside, but like go out in public. They have a lot of these water fountains now where we fill up their water bottles.

You can tend to start questioning some of their filtration processes. So you still might want this purifiers, purifying ball, a water bottle. So I'd probably do like a first person point of view type style ad for both of those right there.

And I think that'd be a really good job at, you know, catching people and their attention right there. Average person spends a thousand dollars a year using single plastic water bottles. Let's change that together with Lark.

Again, it's just, it's calling out a lot of different problems. Okay. Cater everything to one problem and then create three ads.

One problem calling out the thousand dollar a year. Another problem calling out, uh, you know, maybe specifically going out in public and filling up your water bottle. And then another problem being your water bottle cleaning itself.

And another one calling out, you know, people who, uh, are out going wilderness type things and filling up their water within like a river. So four different problems. I would do an ad for those, each four of those problems.

And each ad is going to fully cater around that one specific problem, that one specific benefits. So I get this like a six or seven, just because it's a lot going on and a lot of different points it's calling out. All right.

Next one is from keto, keto expectation, keto reality. Okay. So just showcasing a better keto dinner.

All right. How's keto different than the other diets and meal plans? It's easy to follow simple meal preparation made and developed by doctors over a hundred years ago.

Eating a lot is allowed. Okay, cool. Not necessarily good or bad for this.

Just kind of there. So I don't really know. Not really much takeaways for this one.

Is it a black screen? Okay. So the first two seconds is just black.

So that's horrible right there. All right. Stay ready.

Stay calm. What the fuck is being sold here? All right.

So it's like, it's more just selling the whole brain itself, but I have no clue what's being sold here. I have no clue. Okay.

This is where it's like, you're showcasing too much shit at once. Okay. You're showcasing a lot of different products.

I have no clue what the benefit here and stuff like that. Like isolate it down, go create an ad for each one of those products and then maybe create two or three ads for each one of those products because then you have different pain points and benefits people want in that case. Okay.

Okay. Just showcasing. I would say this is product aware, like aware because it's calling out president's day sale.

Uh, yeah. So pretty much an aware ad, aware ad. They probably just took their best ad, put president's day sale on it.

So not terrible. Um, and then last one, Lumen take the guest workout of instrument and fasting. Lumen helps you understand how you actively fashioning affects your metabolism in real time.

Read the article below. Okay, cool. And this looks like it's sending it people to a, I'm just gonna actually check this.

Oh, link doesn't even work. Okay, cool. But yeah, this is just showing product a solution aware.

Yeah. Solution aware people want what the product does, but they don't know what the product is introducing the product right here. Cool.

So yeah, solid. Those are a few health and wellness ads guys. Um, I don't have any currently any other episodes plans post this.

So like drop your comments below guys of what type of niche you would like me to do next or type of products you would like me to do next. This was all health and wellness. Um, but I'll even go further.

You know, if you guys want me to do like a review every, you know, like review five or six different brands with, you know, selling specifically black t-shirts, for example. So we can go through that again, this is mostly just kind of give you guys my unbiased feedback on different types of ads, what I like, what I don't like in that case right there. So hope you guys like this, drop a like button below.

And if you want me to continue doing the series, just drop some comments below around that. So thank you guys so much for watching. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.