Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today we have one of probably your favorite series which is me just reacting to some ads.

Today we're going to be focusing specifically on clothing ads. So ads in the clothing and apparel niche. And yeah, so make sure to like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you're curious what I do, I run a Facebook ads agency. If you're one of the first people watching this, you know, video and done over $60 million in online revenue with Facebook ads.

So click links below for, you know, how do you get me to run your ads or how for me to mentor you in that case right there. So let's just dive into it. I got a foreplay open right now.

And so we're in foreplay. This is one of my favorite tools just to discover new ads. Basically has like a discovery feature to where I can see every single ad from the foreplay community.

So if you're an advertiser and you get a foreplay account and you save an ad, it'll add it to the foreplay library of every single ad on the marketplace. Okay. And then you also have your own library with your own ads that are saved as well.

Now it doesn't tell you who saved it. So don't worry about any like confidentiality, anything like that. You'll be safe behind there.

So, but I niched it down today. We got fashion platform, specifically Facebook, language, English, and status still running. So that way we can make sure that we see what has been running the longest.

And in fact, actually let's, let's do that. Let's do longest running and let's see how that works right there. Okay.

So again, just fashion. I'm not really sure what happens here, but we'll see. Okay.

Let's see. This looks like a pillow. Yeah.

So this is a pillow. Okay. It's not fashion.

Oh, Levi's. Okay, cool. Let's see what Levi has right here.

Okay. This is very kind of like old school vibes, which Levi is kind of old school in that case. showing a younger generations.

Yeah, cool. I mean, it doesn't speak to me at all, but obviously I'm not the ideal customer for Levi. It's definitely giving more like, like, I don't know, like I'd say teenager vibes, teenager vibes for a very specific type of persona right here.

And it's also going through just, I don't really know like the scenery right here. I can't even say like how to participate with the scenery is giving me the vibe of, because I really can't like articulate that. Okay.

So yeah, very weird buy from Levi's, but Hey, it's, it's one of the longest running ones. So that's cool. All right.

PlayStation. We know you're not a clothing ad. I've already done our face and stuff a few times, but let's see if this is the same one.

I want to say this is the same one. We'll watch it. Oh, no.

Yeah, this is the same one. I don't want to go through it. I've already done our face one.

I think like actually twice now. Okay. All right.

Universal standard. Let's see what you got. Okay.

So this is a very aware ad. What does that mean? This week only bundle and save when you layer up basically just means is that like an aware ad speaks to people who are already aware of the brand.

They're already sold on the brand and everything like that. It's just targeting people and let them know, Hey, we know you're already price sensitive. Here's 50% off right now.

Okay. That's it. So what's I like about this size that is showing a lot of different personas here.

It's not showing one specific persona. It's showing quite a variety of personas. Why do I like that?

Because in that case, it's speaking to more people that they know or their customer personas. Cause if you're at an aware stage, you don't want to be testing many personas at this age, but you more just want to speak to the personas that you already have now that, you know, are part of the brand and let's, let's talk to all of them. And that's what they're doing to showing a variety of different body types, ethnicities and stuff like that.

Just to speak to a lot of variety of people. So perfect for dressing up, dressing down, showing off some of the versatility here. Perfect for tucking in and tucking out.

Yeah. Versatility. So yeah, we have a lot of versatility.

We cater to a lot of different people and right now you get 50% off. Great. Cool.

Universal standard. Nice. All right.

Let's keep scrolling down. Actually, I did figs already, so I don't need to do figs. What is pup socks?

Interesting. Okay, cool. Yeah, let's do that.

It's fashion, I guess. Okay. So reaction.

Okay. So just a simple reaction, which I wouldn't really say that reaction is that great. It's just more just like, yeah, that's it.

Put your pups on your socks. That's cool. So grab their attention of like what the hell this is.

And then we articulate them to them. The mechanism right here, which is put your pop-up in your socks, which is the mechanism and the benefit of it. Cool.

Also, I honestly feel like you probably could just run this as a static image because this just, I don't know. I feel like if I watched this for the first time, it's like, what is this? Which, hey, that's probably why it works so well, because again, we're sorted by the longest running.

So there's going to be more stuff that's likely to work. If I'm more like, hey, what's going on here? Stuff like that.

That's going to make me want to watch the video and actually see like what's happening. Okay, cool. Here is Narface one that I know I haven't seen.

Yeah, I already watched that one. Let's do this one. Okay.

I love this because it's definitely an unaware ad. It's not necessarily selling Narface, but it's talking about a core value. It's reaching an unaware audience.

Okay. It's reaching a specific audience based off the people, what they believe, what they want to be seen as, who they are and stuff like that. And it's also catering to a specific identity here.

All right. It's not showing a guy in a studio, just talking. It's showing a guy actually doing what, you know, mountain climbing and stuff like that.

And he's wearing Narface. Okay. So it's further and showing that, hey, it's not just a fashionable look good.

It actually does perform too. And look at the crazy conditions that we're in as well. You know, we're climbing freaking mountain right here.

If I trust in a mountain, then it's likely good. So it's good. Good stuff.

Narface. Those are carousel. Definitely just giving some very nature vibes.

Can't really say anything else. Got 41,000 likes on it. So it's obviously works.

You're confident for our bestselling soft, warm, recycled cotton hoodies and track pants and celestial blue. Yeah. Cool.

It's obviously working, but yeah, it just doesn't really have any, you know, I'm not like, oh my God, I need that. All right. Ah, so this is some type of suit and stuff is actually really cool because this is, I'm pretty sure that's Obama right there, which, you know, if you're outside of the USA, that's one of our, was, was one of our presidents mass made by doctors fit for a president.

Oh, I thought this was a suit ad. Wow. Okay.

So I completely thought this was a suit ad until I read this. Okay. Here's what that's a problem because I completely looked at the suit.

It was like, this is a suit ad. I didn't even think about the mask right here. So obviously look, it's been working 386,000 likes, but I feel like calling out that it's mass, but it just been a lot better, you know, something in that creative right there to call up the mask.

All right. Let's look. Uh, I did squash in one of, um, let's see signature faucets.

Okay. That's not even clothing. Ooh, what's woven.

Okay. Girl working out stretching. Okay.

So we're not speaking to bodybuilders. We're speaking to more, you know, flexibility, more appropriate. Okay, cool.

So definitely like speaking to like yoga girls in a way, yoga girls. That's what I would say doing a few different yoga positions. And again, we're not speaking to runners.

We're not speaking to, you know, uh, bodybuilders. We're not speaking to crossfitters. We're speaking to yoga people.

I love this. Really good ad. Uh, a couple of different things you have to look at here.

Okay. So this is one thing in clothing is that you have to like the model you choose has a substantial impact on success with clothing. Okay.

If you have a model that just doesn't look good at all, like hate getting into that, but like if she just doesn't look good or he doesn't look good, that'll break. Okay. You have to pick a model that people are specifically to either attracted to or want to look like.

Okay. So this represents right here in a way, a level of what girls want to look like and what guys are into. Okay.

So that's going to do substantially better than showcasing someone that just, I don't know, doesn't really look good. Okay. They're not really that attractive, not really appealing.

Okay. And that's just the reality of advertising. Okay.

Every single ad test we've ran for more attractive person, it always performs significantly better than a person less attractive. Okay. So first person is who do they, who do they want to look like?

Who do they want to be seen as? Who do they want to like, what they believe about themselves? All of those key things right there.

That's what we want to look at. And that's what we're doing right here with this particular girl. Okay.

And then obviously it's showcasing the versatility. I mean, not the versatility, the, um, the variety of products as well, which is really good. It's not just showing one product is showing a variety of products.

Okay. So very good ad by Olven. Let's see.

It looks like we'll have room to do about another one or two. Let's see what stance is. Okay.

So I'm not a basketball guy. So I'm going to assume that maybe this particular guy right here is a basketball star and that's what made this ad work. Or I just don't really know.

I don't care for it at all. To be honest, I have zero clue about the clothing and stuff like that. Let me just see like what's, what's the body copy on here.

All right, there we go. Donovan Mitchell. Okay, cool.

So there's purely losing, um, purely leveraging this guy's authority to position their product as like, Hey, it's trusted by, you know, an NBA star. Okay. So you're using as authority to sell the ad.

Okay. One way to strike a high level authority or high level belief is just by showcasing someone with high level of authority in your product or saying this particular statement. That's what I'm saying.

Sometimes some of these ads need a little bit more context for me to, uh, like make decisions on. All right. We've got man club here.

Oh man. Come. Okay.

Man cup. Did you know when you buy from hand cover, supporting a small independent business, our owner, Dominique, that's me. Pax order personally.

Ah, okay. So is this like, I feel like this is one of those, you know, like boxes where it's like, I got to check this out. What is this?

Come on, come on. We're not timing. Okay.

So obviously you buy whatever you buy. It gives you matching. That's actually cool.

I dig that. That's pretty cool. Okay.

So whatever you buy, it gives them matching for your son or daughter, whatever, that's cool. I dig that. All right.

Now this is definitely very product aware. What does that mean? Product aware is when you're trying to still build trust and proving superiority over your competitors.

So they're just trying to showcase something interesting about them to separate from the competitors. Okay. This is also really cool.

And also to them matching the same outfit. It's just from an emotional side. It's very feel good style ad.

Um, cute in a way. Cause you could say like that, that's what's allowing people to be like, Hey, cool. What is this?

And then they want to check it out. So very cool. Good job, man.

Cool. Yeah. I know we didn't go super crazy today, but that's all I have time for today.

Definitely drop some links or comments below with what you guys want to see more of. Cause I'd love to do these ad reviews and stuff like that. I know it helps provide a lot of ideas for you guys.

Um, this one was definitely requested from episode, whatever episode was last. Yeah. Drop some comments below with what what specifically you want me to do reviews on what type of ads and, um, definitely every episode will start having more of a theme now.

So, uh, thank you all so much for watching. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.