What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today we'll be doing Facebook reacts or Nick Terrio reacts to Facebook ads episode number six and look sorry like I literally filmed nine videos today.

This is the last video, the ninth video I've literally been recording the last three and a half hours so do my best for this particular video you guys. Don't destroy me in the comments but let's go ahead and get started. You know if it's a drill hit the like button, hit the subscribe button and drop a comment below of what you guys would like to see in the next video.

Today we're going to be going over electronics. That was the popular one from episode number five and I know it's been a while since I did this. I want to try to do this at least twice a month but you know we've been very busy over the last month with some really amazing videos and decided to bring you guys episode number six.

So we're going to do it a little different today though. So let's go ahead and let's jump into foreplay. If you don't know what foreplay is, it's a tool I use just to you know essentially like look at ads and stuff like that.

All of the I would say like top Facebook advertisers currently use this tool right now where they save ads to foreplay. You can make your own board in foreplay and the cool thing about this is if someone turns off an ad in their Facebook ad library that you saved, it keeps in foreplay forever. And second coolest thing is that there's a discovery feature and this discovery feature right here, it basically showcases everything everyone has ever saved and there's a lot of high level Facebook advertisers in here.

So like there's some pretty cool stuff being saved in here that you can use as inspiration. Second coolest thing is that they have a search tool and we're going to be using the search tool for today. So I am just going to be typing in electronics and we're going to see what starts popping up.

Now let's go a little clearer. So let's do niche. I think is there electronics niche?

Oh tech. Here we go. Let's actually just do that right there.

Niche, just tech. You guys saw there's a lot of different niches. Now I'm going to do formats.

Oh, I'm not going to do format. I'm going to do platform. I'm going to do Facebook.

All right. And then the next thing I'm going to do is English. I'm not sure why it's flickering like that either.

It's the first time I've ever seen that status still running. And I'm going to sort by, I'm going to do, let's do longish running. Let's see what happens.

So there we go. Cool. Now we're just going to try to skip through this and start looking at some of these.

And I'm just going to click on some that I see that I like, and we're going to just go through it. So here's the first one. That doesn't really capture my attention.

I have no clue what this is. Let's click this. All right.

Shop from your device. And let's click on the JPEG really quick. Shop from your device.

Order prints online 24 seven free shipping. Okay, cool. So it's basically just like a app for a brand.

I don't really know what the brand is. Newphoto.com. A really cool way.

I've never, I don't think I've done a quadrant photo like that. So like it shows like, boom, take photo, send it on your device, order prints, free shipping. So that's really cool.

Like it shows the whole thing in one, which is nice. This is a very kind of solution aware market. They want what the product does, but they don't really know what the product is.

Here you go. You're introducing that product right there. So copies really long for this.

I don't really care for that. I would just cover maybe one, two key points. Again, I'm a big fan of 150 characters or less for the body copy.

And then that's it now essential electronics. Let's click on this. Let's see.

Oh, so this is actually like a video itself. All right. Wireless foldable keyboard, sleek and portable.

I don't really like the fact that they didn't showcase the product and use at first. I personally would scroll right past this ad, like just seeing this, like I don't really know what's going on. Showcase me in the first two, three seconds of the keyboard in action, then showcase how cool it is where it's like, you know, sleek and portable.

Then I'm like really sold onto that right there. Yeah. So like, I don't even know what the final is until now.

So other than that, pretty solid ad, like, I mean, just some adjustments in terms of like where things are being placed on the screen. But other than that, for the most part, like it's pretty straightforward in terms of how the product works and showcasing the product in action. Like it's, it's doing everything that I would personally need to know.

I think the only thing it doesn't address, that's one of my objections to that. Is this only Windows or is this Mac or is this both? Because right here, it's just showing a Android and then here it's showing, I don't know, that's an Android as well too.

So I guess it's just Android device. I would really be calling that out. They may, no, it's saying iPad.

Was that an Android or an iPad? I'm pretty sure it's an Android right there. So yeah.

So like I would be showing the Apple and Android in that case, if you're going to target both in one, but other than that, pretty good. Again, copy pretty long, but other than that, pretty solid. All right.

I'm feeling pretty given for giving today. So I don't think I'm going to destroy anyone's ad today. All right.

Let's see what this is. Universal pan and tilts head. Oh, that's a terrible product.

Here's why I'm immediately going to call it as a terrible product. Why? Because I'm not like a huge videographer, like photographer and stuff like that.

I've done a little bit on the side, but just for the simple fact that this right here looks like it only is adjusted for Allen wrench. That would be a pain in the ass. If you have to use that little Allen wrench every time when you're trying to do a shoot.

So I'm not sure if like, I don't really see a specific case where you just want to melt this and never move it, you know, very rarely. So this is actually just a terrible product, like not a great product at all. At least that's how it's being perceived.

It is. So this is where it's like, Hey, the creative isn't bad. You know, it's showcasing the product in action with the photo, which is pretty good.

Yeah. Like this is just bad product. I definitely going with like a different product here.

Um, so yeah, not even a bad creative, just a bad product. I really don't know what's going on with four place. The first time it's ever happened to me.

I don't know if it's my computer itself. Cause I've so much going on my computer right now or what, but we're still going through it. Okay.

This is running a black Friday, cyber Monday ad and is it still on? Yeah. It's still active.

It's been active since November 24th, 2021. Okay. That has to be a glitch, but it's still showing active.

Let me try something there. All right. So I'm not really going to worry about that.

Uh, let's see what this is. Okay. So here's a really good point of just completely missing the problem.

So for a solution aware market, like how many people are actively like saying like, Oh, I really want more comfortable headphones or like, I don't know, like, which I guess you could say that's a pretty decent size solution where markets, um, I would just, I would see problem where being better for this market where like you're showcasing, you know, a girl trying to lay down and she has the air pod and it's pushing in her ear. She's like, Oh my gosh, it's so painful. And then introducing this product.

I just feel like that would do better for a larger market, but Hey, I mean, it's that's still running. So likely it's working good. Other than that, like it's a solid ad, you know, it shows off, you know, ultimate relaxation with these headphones.

I'm, I'm, I'm at, but again, that's what it's showing right here. So that's pretty solid. Uh, the visuals look good.

Uh, showing the product and use all good. Um, all of this is solid. Uh, I think my only objections to this, maybe like how like the actual speakers themselves fit onto the ear.

Like, how does that look? I would be very interested in that for like this product itself. All right, let's see.

Oh, blend jets. I know this is probably created by, uh, Savannah social since she does a lot. Oh no, I don't think this is her videos.

Cause this is more professionally shot. So, I mean, it's a blender. So like, we don't really need to showcase too much about how blender works.

We already know what a blender is. Um, cool thing is that showcasing a different, a different type of product being blended in each blender, but also to it showcasing a different color of each blender. So not, not only is showcasing, Hey, look at all of the cool things we can blend up.

It's also showcasing the fact that, Hey, look at all the colors we have, which is also really cool. Cause like, Hey, the black may not be fun, but like this one might be cooler. That's also pretty cool.

Yeah. I showed a variety of different products. Um, this is going over objections right here that, Hey, maybe it's only good for like small items.

That's easy to do. And it showcased a few hard things. Like that says, like the blend.

Ooh, the person who they want to become like, Hey, if we're going to blend something up, what is the objective when we're blending something up? Like, you know, who do we want to become? Who do we want to feel like we blend something up and showcasing a, you know, margarita, for example, or, you know, strawberry smoothie being blended up while on the beach right there.

That's a pretty cool, I guess you could say like way to like showcase that desire people have and showcase that it in use in a lifestyle of, you know, people can experience pretty cool. I didn't realize this ads a minute and a half long. Wow.

And it looks like it just keeps. Yeah. It just keeps.

Oh, I know exactly what ad this is. Uh, so this ad went viral back, uh, I think like last year in like 2022 on Twitter and the DTC Twitter space. Cause what they did was they just took a whole bunch of ads that they've ran.

Like they ran a whole bunch of 15 second ads, just variety of different ads. That's all worked. And then what they did was, is they put them all in one ad to make a minute and a half long ad and just keep showcasing a bunch of different stuff over and over and over and over and over and over and over really crazy.

Pretty cool. Let's see another one. Let's see what nudie is.

All right. Stress trying to get all the chores done, but the baby isn't sleeping again. Ooh, look at that market research hack, not baby isn't sleeping.

It's what is the baby not sleeping mean to me? Purchase a white noise machine. So problem aware, solution aware, not showcasing all the benefits of that solution.

Cool. Like really solid ad, very simple ad, nothing complex here. Not trying to be over the top, just a real life situation that people are having and introducing the product to, you know, and showcasing the benefits of that particular product right there.

Now I would like to have gone a little bit deeper into this white noise machine. Maybe just a little bit. Like, I just feel like it needs to just like that extra little, maybe one scene to showcase the product a little bit more as it went a little too direct into like, Hey, that's it.

And it's the benefits. Um, it could at least call a little bit more of the feature in that particular case. All right.

Um, let's keep scrolling. Let's keep scrolling. I like there's more nudie right there.

Okay, cool. Oh my God. This is so aggravating.

Okay. What is this backtrack? Let's see what this backtrack is.

All right. Drink on an empty stomach versus full stomach. Drink smarter with backtrack.

Uh, breath lives are on a full versus empty stomach. Okay. This is weird.

I don't, I really don't know. Drink smarter with backtrack. Okay.

We'll see how this goes. Full versus empty breath realizing. Oh, I see.

I see. Okay. So I'm guessing it basically tells you almost how much you should drink in that way.

Ah, okay. So I guess it's like trying to show you like, Hey, you should eat, like you should do this for like your alcohol tolerance to be this, or like your alcohol, like your levels be like that. Okay.

That's interesting. Okay. Couple things here.

Couple things. So number one, breath lives in one in a full versus empty stomach. I'm, I'm, I'm, this is definitely an unaware ad because it's, it's no solution.

It's not like I'm sitting down and like, wow, I want to increase my alcohol tolerance. Like no, one's really sitting down and really thinking about that. And then the problem is I'm a lightweight.

No one's really trying to solve the problem of being a lightweight. And then, so the unaware ad, it's, it's definitely opening an unaware ad. It just, I'm not really entirely sure about breath lives going on full versus empty stomach.

I'm not entirely sure about that hook, but it's, it's definitely unaware. That's definitely for a fact. Cause then it educated me on the problem of how a, you know, full stomach could have, or like a full stomach is better alcohol than, you know, the solution.

I don't know what the solution is yet. Well, I guess full right there. Ah, so they're selling you on the tool itself.

That's all it is. Interesting. So like, here's the thing where it's like, it completely, I still don't understand it though.

Like obviously the full stomach, you know, had a better alcohol thing than the empty, right? That's correct. We can all agree on that, but it kept showing the tool and showing the, the alcohol like levels.

But then like, I still don't understand though. Like, how are you supposed to use this product? Are you supposed to like monitor?

Like, like all you're doing is show me a tool of, of alcohol, like here, monitor your alcohol. And I didn't even know that was your goal here. I'm thinking of something else of like full or empty.

I'm thinking more on that side, but I'm not even sure of what the fuck, like, what are, what are you trying to do here with this tool? Like, how are you educating me on that? And I know it kind of skipped towards the end right here, but still like all you've done here was sold me on the fact that I need to eat on a full stomach.

It's all that that happened here is that, Oh, I should really look at eating on a full stomach or drinking on a full stomach. That's all that that was like told me here, but nothing was tied back into the actual device itself. So I don't know.

I feel like that could be cleaned up better, but Hey, like these are tools that are absolutely for working. Good Lord. I really don't know what's going on right now with this, but we're going to do one more for about 17 minutes in.

Got one more. Let's see what this is. Ever thought of building your office off the grid of Jack Ray solar generator.

You can turn a teardrop into a mobile, mobile workspace. Give me the freedom that you can work anywhere you want. Okay.

Turning your teardrop into a mobile office. So that'd be like an ultimate win. That's cool.

Ah, then you just plug into your power bank. This is cool. I like this.

I don't really see anything wrong with it at all. Uh, the only thing I would call out is maybe like some of the facts of like what devices you can run into it, run on it, maybe even potentially calling out, uh, some of the things such as like how long it lasts, maybe how long it takes to charge. That's about it.

That's all I could see. Maybe add like five to 10 seconds more onto that. Um, just to give people a little bit more information before they go to the website.

But obviously when they go to the website, that's where they're going to have, um, you know, more information and stuff like that on it. So that's all it guys. Um, that's a few electronic ads.

Hope you guys enjoyed this. Uh, I'm just gonna call it here. Cause I don't really know what's going on foreplay tonight.

I'm not sure if it's foreplay or my computer, cause my computer's also been acting really weird. Never seen that happen before. So anyway, hope you guys enjoy this.

I've been literally talking for the last, uh, let's see. I started filming at three o'clock and it is currently, I can't even see what time it is. 6 30 right now.

So I've been talking the last three and a half hours and I'm going to film about 10 more minutes of sharts. So welcome to the life of the YouTuber. Thank you guys so much for the support.

Drop comments below of what you guys want to see in episode number seven. If you guys want me to do more frequent episodes of this, I really enjoy it. It's a lot more chilled, laid back and just kind of throw my opinions out there.

So, um, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll see you guys later. Peace out.