Welcome to Nickteria Reacts to Facebook Ads, episode number three. I think it's number three, something like that. Today, we'll be going over some accessory ads.

What type of accessories? I don't know, just a variety of different accessories and shit like that. Some type of accessories for clothing and I don't know, just some weird shit.

So we're going over that today. Kind of questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things. I've done over $50 million in online revenue for my clients.

I run an e-com growth agency and you can find out more information below on how you can work with me for me running your ads or my mentorship program where I actually mentor you and stuff like that. So click the links below for that. If you're interested, before we get started, hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And let's dive into the video. So we're on Foreplay.

It's a really powerful tool we use for just creative inspiration, saving all the ads from Facebook ad libraries to one specific part. And they also have a discovery feature where they literally show every single ad someone saved in Foreplay. So where you can have a lot of just instant access really quick to other like creatives and stuff like that.

So really powerful tool. If you want more information about that, click the link below for that. Now let's start.

Go ahead. Today, like I said, we'll be going over accessories. I don't really know what's going to happen here, but we'll be going over it.

Okay. So first ad is from Detox Organics. And actually let's skip this one because this is actually supposed to be for another video, which is actually the next version, which is health and wellness.

This one, we're actually going to go for must-have ideas. Okay. No need to stop buying clothes when you have the Hangar Heroes.

Quick delivery from family-run UK business. Okay. Let's see what Hangar Heroes is.

All right. First off, calling out the problem. Very good.

And also showcasing the problem. Good. All right.

Introducing the solution. Ah, showcasing the solution. Benefits.

Well, features. Benefits. Really good.

Continue to demo the product. All right. I love it.

Very good. So very solid. First things first is, you know, goes through the stages, calls out the problem, introduces the solution, showcases the product, showcases how it works and all that good stuff.

Features, benefits, all that good stuff. It's showing very good job here. It's a pretty simple product too.

So you don't need to go into too much depth. I think it's very good. Do I believe it'll work for me?

Yes. Do as a call up my identity. Well, this is more targeting girls.

So it really doesn't match my identity, but do they do a good job at probably targeting the right demographics identity? Yeah, I would say they're doing pretty good on that. So I get this a pretty solid ad.

It's straightforward, easy to understand. I think it's solid, you know, very good job. So I get this one, you know, probably eight, nine out of 10.

So I don't really see anything problematic here. Okay. Calling out a specific problem, people experience, quick delivery.

Everything looks good. I like this. Very good job.

All right. Next one we're going to do is dorsal bracelets. Let's take a look at this.

Every bracelet purchase helps keep our ocean beautiful. 10% for 15% off of code DV15. Okay.

Let's take a look at this ad right here. All right. So it's just showcasing different bracelets being worn in different places, which is good.

It's really matching that identity here. It's also increases the value showing it in different environments. That's meant to be worn in versus just wearing it in, like I said, you know, like if they just showed this bottom photo, it doesn't look nearly as good.

Whereas these top photos also help increase that value there. Okay. Showing off a variety of them.

Also showing off a benefit of what removes one pound of ocean plastic. That all pretty sounds good. Pretty solid ad helps keep our ocean beautiful.

Cool. I like this. Yeah.

Definitely a very product aware specific ad showcasing the product itself. Like it's good. I like it.

Very good ad. I'd probably say. And it's simple too.

Now also, so something else to keep you guys in mind is that all of these ads, I sorted by the longest possible ads that's been running. So these all ads have been running for a while now and they're still currently active. So that means these are ads are fairly winners for a lot of these brands that we're reviewing.

Okay. Next one is Rose inside Rose inside. So this is just showing a particular, you know, looks like this little cross style into your number.

Okay. So it's just like a cross with baseball bats and an interior number. Okay.

And then copy cheers your favorite athlete to victory with these, this baseball cross necklace, personalize your choice of initial each side. Okay, cool. So this is one of those just solution where ads, here you go.

Boom. Here's the product. Here's what it does.

There you go. Okay. Very straightforward.

There's nothing here. I've worked with a lot of personalization products like this and yeah, like the only way to improve this is to probably get some more different photography because we can clearly see this is just cropped out on top of this. I would say get some more photography with the product in use, just like, you know, dorsal bracelets and I would improve this out a lot.

Okay. But it's also very straightforward. You can see what the product looks like.

Very good. Like I would give that about probably a six or seven out of 10. I would just improve it by simply, you know, adding in some more product photography of the product in use.

Okay. Now another products from Rose inside. So it's like they sell quite a few different things.

Soft cotton baby booties for all of our princess and princess and princess and princess. Okay. Personalize the baby's name on the front with the animal design that you choose.

Okay. Cool. So this is going out there solution aware demographic as well.

They want the, what the product does, but on our, they want what the product gives them, but they're unaware of the product. Okay. Custom name and pattern.

All right. And we're just showcasing. Oh, product in use really good.

Showcasing the product. I think the only thing that would really improve this is by showcasing some, you know, kids wearing them. Here's some closeups of the kids wearing them, but I'll also show off like, you know, the kid completely, you know, show off the whole kid in a couple of different ways.

You'd have to do a little bit of both though, too, because when you showcase the kid dressed up nice with these shoes, and then you showcase that, they're going to think it's, you're selling the outfit when you're selling the shoes. So it's also important to have a little bit of both in there, maybe a split screen, probably photo. He dressed up looking cute with it.

And then the other half of just like a closeup of the shoes. So people know, okay. Fairly good.

They articulate the product and everything. I would say this is fairly good. Again, I've worked with a lot of personalizedization products.

It's just very straightforward. That's like this. Okay.

The product itself sells itself. So you just have to be clear and you have to kind of showcase you're not a drop shipping store here. All right.

Next one is bloom. And so satisfying to network with this. All right.

Let's open this up right here. All right. So what the fuck is this?

Oh, okay. Okay. So let's just go over this real quick.

So this is one of those ads where they're just taking a video like this ad right here. And they're just putting this really like scroll stopping style video in front of it. You don't necessarily like this does nothing but scroll stop the scroll.

I'm personally not a fan of it. I've tested a lot. I've just never had any success with it, but obviously just been running for a while for them.

So it looks like it's actually working for them. At least I would hope. So let's just go look.

Let's dig in here. Okay. So she's talking about how she loves networking, but I can only imagine how many of my business cards end up lost or in the trash.

She's talking about a problem now. Okay. So she's problem aware.

Okay. All right. Then she's introducing the solution, which is dot.

Okay. Now she's showcasing how the solution works. All right.

She's showcasing the benefits of it. Okay. All that information saved over.

Amazing. Cool. Yeah.

Pretty straightforward ad. I like it. I like it.

I would love to see the difference though, uh, with this and without this. All right. My theory is that this might get a lot of a scroll stop, but it also may not get the right people.

Okay. You might get a ton of people like, Ooh, what's this? But then they're like, Oh wait, this is for business.

I don't know. What the fuck is this? All right.

And they exit out. So again, it's been running for a while. So it's quote unquote, you know, working, but it's how well.

That's what I'm curious about. Signs elevate your networking experiences. Replace the paper business and card with that.

All right. So it's calling out. It's basically just solution.

Um, instantly share social links, contact info, features and benefits, uh, how it works. Yeah. Cool.

Pretty solid business card of the future. I like it. Next one we have is serious survival.

And this is just a very straightforward product to wear ad right here. Uh, let's just open up a few guys right here. We're just basically going to showcase a bunch of benefits.

I mean, I've been to, been to testimonials. So this is very basic, straightforward product to wear where you're just proving superiority, showcasing, building more trust and stuff like that. Getting people to know, like, and trust you.

All right, cool. Solid. A couple of different ways to do this as well is maybe you had a few different, like people talking.

So a couple of talking heads and just talking about how much they love this product right here. Just a bunch of reviews, just spamming the reviews and stuff here. Not necessarily bad, but it's just a lot of texts.

I wouldn't read this. So I would love to like shorten that down to where like, maybe like, you know, having an emergency bag like this is a must have quotation marks, Jeff. And then just focusing on like a couple words.

I've seen that work actually better because no one wants to read all of this. Like, I don't want to read this right now at all. All right.

Too long. All right. Next one.

This is another one right here for the dot card. We're not going to go over the whole thing, but three reasons to get a dot card and just to get into that scroll stopper and then going over the three benefits. Okay.

Or three reasons why I should get it. Showcase the product. Showcasing the benefits.

Very straightforward. I like it. Again, same thing.

I would love to see what this is like. The conversion rate. Yes, you might get a higher scroll stop with this, but I'm curious with the conversion rate because this might attract a lot of the wrong people here because they're just simply looking at this.

They're not actually serious buyers. All right. And last one is birthday candles or birth date candles.

I have no clue what this is. So we're about to both be imagined. Guys, I just got my new favorite candle ever.

Okay. So benefits are solution aware driven. This is the birthday.

Oh, no. Actually product aware. Okay.

The birth date candles. These are so cool. So now that's what mine looks like.

My birthday is March May 15th. Oh, so it's personalized to your birthday. Your zodiac sign.

So if you're into zodiac signs here. All right. I really talk about the scent and everything like that.

So interesting thing you could do for this is yes, it's like focused on your birthday, but let me see this. All right. I can look crafted for the day you were born.

Okay. That's cool. What I would also look at is potentially the zodiac sign because that's really big.

So instead of just saying, hey, it's it's crafted to your birthday. I would say like, oh my like reacting to like how it's crafted to your zodiac sign. I would also position this where like a guy is giving this to his girl as a gift and the girl like reacting to it.

Oh my God. It even has my zodiac sign. This is so amazing.

Thank you so much, babe. I would also do something like that right there. So yeah, pretty solid ad.

Definitely some iterations you can do on it. And you know, I'd probably get this like a, you know, eight or nine on a 10. It's just very raw organic and stuff like that.

Again, like I said, it's it's working. So I can't deny proof right here. So yeah, pretty solid.

So yeah, guys, that's the end of episode number three. You guys enjoyed this video. Also drop comments below with what niche you would love me to go check out now.

Next, you know, maybe it's fashion. Maybe it's a specific type of fashion, you know, different types of accessories specifically. You know, maybe you guys want me to review like mushroom supplements, for example, like whatever type of product niches you want me to review.

Drop some comments below and happy to introduce that for the next couple episodes. I've already done, you know, our next episode is actually gonna be more specifically to, you know, I think what health and wellness. So the variety of different supplements.

That's why a few of these I didn't review because they weren't meant to be for this episode. Okay, so tune in for the next episode for me to check out things like detox organics and living proof ads that I missed in this particular video. So thank you guys so much for watching.

Hope you guys have a great rest of your day. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.