Today, I'll be going over some Facebook ads. And welcome to Nickteria Reacts to Top Facebook Ads 2023. I don't know what episode we're on.

I think we're on episode number two right now, to be clear. And today I'll be going over some fashion-related Facebook ads. So just a group of different fashion-related Facebook ads.

And if you're questioning why I'm incredible to be teaching these types of things, I've done over $50 million in online sales. I run an e-commerce growth agency and I work with e-com brands on a day-to-day basis. Also coach and mentor a few students.

If you want more information about that, click the links below. Have Nickteria run your ads or have Nickteria mentor you. Now before we get started, hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. With that being said, let's dive into the video. So I got a few different ads.

Like I said, this is basically just my foreplay dashboard. If you're not sure what foreplay is, it's just a dashboard to where you can save ads specifically to it. You can also see a community of ads as well.

It's a really powerful tool that we use for creative inspiration and stuff like that. Really amazing tool. And if you want to learn a little bit more about foreplay, just click the link below.

Yeah. So with that being said, we're going to start going through. I got a few of them saved for today's video.

And we're just going to start going through them. So here's the first one. Let's click on this right here.

I want to kind of see everything. Click on this JPEG just so we can see the full ad. But okay, so this is from Von Holzalsen.

I don't know how to say it, honestly. Don't buy from the bad guys. Okay.

I personally have no clue what's being sold here. I'm going to assume the bag though, just because the way the frame is positioned. You know, she's kind of to the side and the bag is pretty clear.

Right. It's the first thing you see. You don't really focus on the shirt and pants or anything like that.

Don't buy from the bad guys. Now, I'm not really sure what that means. Okay.

Our sustainable leather feels and looks like leather, but does not have a negative environmental impact. Ah, okay. So it's basically saying, hey, don't buy from the bad guys because, you know, we're like, aka, like our stuff is more sustainable.

It's, you know, it doesn't have a negative impact in that case. Handmade in Italy with 100% animal free sustainable materials soft. Okay.

All right. Cool. So that makes sense.

A couple of things from this. Okay. So heads up, all of these ads that I have in this library right here are ads that are still running by the longest on foreplay.

Some of these have been running for two months, three months, four months long. So this shows me that this particular ad is working for them. Do I like it?

I don't know. I don't really care for it. Okay.

Uh, first off, just the aesthetic looks good. You know, it, this clearly looks like a good aesthetic. It's very clean, well shot.

Uh, and like I said, you can clearly see the bag, but I didn't really know that was the main purpose of this ad from seeing it. Okay. So without seeing the copy for context, then it's really hard to understand what this ad is.

Okay. Don't buy from the bad guys. Again, I don't know.

This is a fairly, I would say a fairly product aware specific ad. Why? Because you need some other context to, before you see this ad, this brand and everything like that, you need a little bit more context here.

So what do I rate with this ad? Assuming it's product aware, I'd say it's probably like a five or six. If it's product aware, if it's not product aware and you're relying on purely cold here, I don't know.

I just don't think it does a great job at getting the message across. All right. Next one is from rich, richer, richer, poor, richer, poor.

I don't know. Okay. All right.

So here's the creative itself. All right. So good quality shot right here.

Okay. Good quality shot. These sweats give back with our each, with each sweats you purchase, we give back 1% of ourselves to support sustainable initiatives.

Okay, cool. Definitely, definitely some product aware specifically product aware. So we can just start pulling out the little neat, nitty gritty and stuff like that.

You know, this is not really speaking to a solution aware market. A solution aware market would be like, you know, people actively looking to purchase clothing that gives back and just doesn't really do that. Well, this is just one of the many unique selling points you put in a product aware specific ad right here.

First off, let's just look at this shot right here really quick. Like, look how the sweatpants are laid out where you can see, you know, the tag inside. And also, it's a pretty high quality shot.

It makes the product look pretty high quality as well. So that all looks really good. I like this.

It's a fairly good ad. And it's also too, it's definitely designed as a story type ad. Okay.

So you definitely see this on the story. Just because that 16 by nine or nine by 16, whatever it is. And yeah.

All right. 1% of our total sales are donated to vetted environmental initiatives. And you can even feel better about the clothes you're wearing.

Okay. Cool. Yeah.

I like that. It looks good. You know, just very straight to the point.

Again, just in that product aware space where you're just calling out, you know, further calling out other reasons why people should buy from your brand. Okay. All right.

Next one. Cove USA. Let's take a look at this.

I'm just going to open this up in another tab. Okay. Each shirt cleans our oceans.

Let's get hammered. Okay. Cool.

I really wanted to save a few of these t-shirts today on today's video, because I find that a lot of people struggle with these types of shirts where it's just like, you're not buying the shirt for quality. You're buying this shirt because of certain designs on it. Okay.

These types of shirts right here, people shop with by design. Okay. So you can have the craziest cool creative ever, but if the shirt looks like it's just not a design on it, that's cool.

Like people won't buy. Okay. So these types of shirts, you need to make sure that people can just see design immediately.

No three or four or five seconds of just other shit happening. Then showing the shirt. So it needs to be like, boom, immediately here's the shirt.

You know, whether it's a video or a photo, just immediately show this shirt because people need to see that in the first three to five seconds. Okay. It is calling out a unique benefit.

Each shirt cleans our oceans. I wouldn't really say necessarily this is, yeah, this is product to wear as well. Super soft, great fit, recycled materials and helping clean the ocean.

Okay, cool. So calling out testimonial, 10% donate to ocean conversation, 100% compostable packaging, ethically made in the USA. Okay, cool.

So again, just a key takeaway when you're running these style shirts with designs on it, you need to show the design within the first two or three seconds. Okay. Or if it's a photo, you need to show the design immediately.

Okay. You need to make it clear. You need to make it the focal point.

You need to make it easy for people to see. Now, everything that goes on in the environment, the environment is still important because the environment comes down to identity. Okay.

So this shirt looks really good because it's also taken in an ocean and stuff like that. All right. Now, if I were just taking this shirt and I would just position on a white background, like a lot of you guys do, it wouldn't have done as well because then it would have less perceived value.

Okay. You can actually see the shirt in an environment. The environment also enhances the perceived value of it.

Okay. Okay. Oh, hey, I can actually see myself wearing that out about.

So, so just a little tidbit right there. Same thing here. So I also want to pull this up too.

Regardless of your political status, just getting, just showcasing that you need to showcase that particular shirt just immediately right there. Okay. That's the selling point.

Okay. Now this particular case, they're also kind of themed it up to go with the shirt right there to stand out, not to do that white background. And then they also chose the particular girl to, you know, shoot with it.

Okay. Perfect. This is also something else too.

So for a lot of these types of shirts right here, we're just calling out specific, you know, uh, so like this is a particular resentment, resentment or big victory. That's, um, I'm not, not saying this is a big victory. I'm saying is that there is two types of ways to open up an unaware market.

There's a common resentment or emotional status, or there is a, uh, you know, big victory. Okay. So you call out people by a specific emotional mindset, and that's how you call those people together as an identity standpoint.

And then you position your product, which is here. Okay. Now, again, there's no problem here.

So it just pretty much goes from, you know, boom, unaware to product. And then that's it. Okay.

That's perfectly fine as well. All right. Here we got the next one.

This is showing more functional fashion. So again, there's two types of fashion. There's fast faction.

There's functional fashion. And then there was, I would even say like not comedy fashion, but I forgot what it's called where it's just like, you know, kind of like what we just saw just now. Okay.

Uh, so this is functional fashion. So this is showing off, Hey, while it looks good, it's also functional and showing specific benefits of it. Not necessarily selling a lifestyle, just showing specific benefits of it.

Okay. This jacket is pretty much made pretty much best friends with the planet. And I don't really know why.

Okay. So let's take a little bit deeper look. So I'm thinking something to do with the pockets and stuff like that where, all right, this jacket plus the planet goes BFFs made from our lightweight proprietary FI on Fian ESC fabric that's engineered from recycled plastic bottles to the recycled scrub jacket has several roomy pockets of fleece.

Okay, cool. So yeah, it's just introducing a new mechanism. So it's just, again, it's a product to wear standpoint.

A lot of fashion is product to wear. And the reason why fashion is product to wear is because it's so competitive. All right.

Like you already know if you're going to go purchase a shirt, you already have like five brands you're going to choose from. So if I want to enter the market, I immediately have to compete with those five brands for the same black t-shirt. Okay.

So a lot of fashion is just straight product to wear. Okay. So this is good.

I would definitely test some variations though, showcasing these, you know, specific, like the new technology in that case right there. I feel like right here does a poor job at articulating that new technology. It's just showing a couple of shots of the product and then it's showing, you know, the phone going to the thing.

I don't really know what's going on here. Okay. No new technology.

Okay. Let's go into next one. Chick geeks.

Okay. This is actually not, not fashion related. So I'm going to skip over.

Okay. Swoosh. 100 biodegradable packaging, less environment impacts.

Okay. So again, just another product aware standpoint. Is this a huge selling point?

Yes and no. You know, it's, it's yes for some people. No, for some people.

Would this be the main thing I would lead with? Maybe not. But product aware, you're calling out all the unique benefits of the product.

So it's pretty good. We make our ship. We make sure to ship our products.

100% biodegradable packaging. Swoosh is about maximum cost for a minimal impact on the environment. Okay, cool.

Pretty solid ad. It's just one of those, those kind of like gift style ads right there. Showcasing the product.

Would I personally buy off this ad? No. Why?

Because one, I don't even know what they're selling here. All right. No clue what they're selling.

You know, I see this looks like some shards. I don't know if it's men or women. Don't know what they look like completely.

Like this is just purely the benefit of the perfect, the packaging. Okay. So is this probably an ad that's generating them millions of dollars of revenue a year?

Probably not. All right. Next one.

We already reviewed FIGS, but this is just another example right here. They're showing a girl. Draw pockets, two hand pockets, two zip chest pockets.

So it's just like, hey, we heard you like pockets. So we added pockets on your pockets and your pockets. Again, they're stressing this newness of this technology and they love how they have this new technology, but yet they're showcasing pockets.

Okay. And I've done some research before and pockets aren't really the main best selling point for some brands. So it's just like they added a whole bunch of pockets and they're like, here's what consumers want.

So I don't know. I give it. I feel like they could have had some better selling points for a particular brand.

Okay. Nars face. Let's go into Nars face and see really quick what they have for Nars face.

Uh, okay. Da da da. They're trying to do like a Nike ad here.

All right. Really good. Unaware ad.

It's calling people by out by a specific emotion. Okay. It's calling people out by emotion.

That's good. I like this and yeah, it's just showcasing kind of change. You know, not going to say be the change, but it's also maybe not, maybe not great of an ad.

If I can't really recall, I just watched the ad and I can't really call what they wanted. Okay. I was just talking about how we have new challenges on a daily basis and stuff like that.

I don't know. Pretty solid. Cause it's just calling out a specific emotion across the market.

It's a great unaware ad. And again, when you're trying to separate from a branding side, separate yourself in the marketplace. Um, these are great ads.

Again, you can go product to wear and prove you have a better product. You can also go unaware, you know, when you're clothing niche, cause it's so competitive. You can also go to like this unaware specific style right here and call out a specific emotion across the market.

People want to feel, then you're, you're identifying people by an emotion they want to feel. All right. Here's another one by North face and let's see.

Okay, cool. Okay. So it's the same match.

Just a different format. Okay, cool. Cool.

Yeah. So these are a couple of different fashion ads, reviewing, reacting to whatever you guys want to call it. Hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Um, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. If you'd like to see me review any specific style of ads, uh, my next two episodes, I have, uh, accessories. So just like random accessories.

And then also have, uh, health and wellness coming up to as well for the next two episodes. So if there's anything specifically you want to see post that drop some comments below, and I'll definitely start adding those to kind of the theme for each video that I reviewed those ads. So thank you guys for watching.

Have a great day. Peace out.