Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we're going to be talking about No Limit Creatives. This is a design platform that our agency has used for quite a period of time, about a year and a half.

And it's basically been our hub for all of our design needs when it came down to getting videos edited for clients, graphics done for clients, all that fun stuff. And it's created some really powerful ads for us that has generated some really great results for our clients, specifically in the e-commerce space. So I want to show you guys No Limit Creatives, give you a little walk around of it and kind of like why it'd be a great fit for you, why it was such a great fit for us.

And yeah, and basically kind of what we're doing now too as well. So that being said, before we get started, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's hop into the video.

So No Limit Creatives, this is actually a platform that we discovered sometime back in November of 2020, basically came to a point where we're just handling a lot of clients and we basically needed a solution to edit a lot of ads for us. We were just basically relying on the client sent us. And the problem with that is that we start to need to do bigger things, bigger projects in terms of editing video, editing graphics, and long story short, Fiverr only works so well if getting one-off images done here and there.

But we needed a platform to where we could actually go ahead and work with people that one, new e-commerce, but two, that also had the ability of communication, effective communication. It worked with brands like we work with on a day-to-day basis. So that's how I found No Limit Creatives.

And another big pain point for me was that I wanted to hire a full-time graphic size video designer, but just due to spending five, $6,000 a month on one of them at the time, it did not make sense. So for me being a smaller agency, also for you, if you're a smaller e-com brand, then you realistically can't spend five to $6,000 a month on a full-time hire. So you're going to unfortunately have to work with people on Fiverr, Upwork, things like that.

But problem is, is some of them don't work with e-com brands on a day-to-day basis. So that's how we found, again, that's how we got to No Limit Creatives. It's a flat fee per month.

So I can really control those costs. And then two, on top of that, they work with brands just like we work with on a day-to-day basis. So again, this could be for an agency, for a small agency with two, three, four brands, or this could be for an e-com brand that pumps out, you know, a fair enough of content creatives on a week-to-week basis.

So just showing you No Limit Creatives right here. Again, they have a lot of really cool stuff. Just, you know, for all y'all asking for the pricing, we're on like a $900 a month package.

But, you know, there's some other packages right here, graphic, video, and, you know, startup right here. Long story short, you basically can do, you know, two graphics and two videos at the exact same time. So you're going to have four open requests of projects, basically.

Those turnarounds are one to four days. So you basically get one new asset every day. You look at that for a 30-day basis, you get about 30 different creative assets pumped out a month.

So you're realistically paying about $30 per, you know, per asset, creative assets, if you look at it with that $900 month package right there. So, yeah. So really cool.

They also have this startup package that, you know, may or may not fit you. Who knows? So let's just show you a little bit about No Limit Creatives right here.

It's just showing you all some of the work and stuff like that they've done. And then just jumping into it, you get this really nice portal that you get to utilize. And, you know, just to show you all too, like you can access all of your design files.

So here's my files right here. Just to show you all not like, you know, just shooting, shooting a bush or whatever for y'all. We've leveraged this business ourselves and we've developed hundreds of ads.

Each one of these is a creative asset and maybe two or three different variations of those creative assets right there. And then graphic right here. Same thing.

There's a portion, you know, two or three creative assets per folder as well. And this as well. So we, they've dealt developed hundreds of ads for us.

And yeah, so just to show you that we're actually a customer, not me just shouting out some random service just because they paid me or anything like that. So yeah, so just going into it, simply click new request right here. And after you click new requests, you can do like a design requests or a creative assistant request.

So something that we haven't tested out yet, it's their new, like creative assistant requests where the creative assistant will help you kind of plan out a creative for you. But we unfortunately never used that yet. And then you can get some other options right here, create a request from scratch or duplicate patch requests.

So if you have a patch request that worked really well, let's say you did some various amount of ads for one particular project and you want to duplicate some more of those and you can just duplicate pass requests or a creative request from scratch here. And let's just do a graphic request for now. So let's be whatever name you want, whatever name you want right here for the project.

So maybe it could just be, you know, Valentine's day ad type of requests. Um, and then you can kind of go down further. Is it a Facebook ad, Instagram ad, they have loads and loads of different things they can do.

So like, again, we use it primarily for creative, but there's also other things you can utilize in terms of, um, Amazon listings, carousel ads, illustrations, infographics, book covers. We've used this service for like business cards. Um, there's tons of different things you can utilize.

So it's not just Facebook ads you can do, but there's other things in there as well. You can also choose a brand. I don't really want to drop that down.

So I don't want to, you know, kind of show off all of our different brands we've worked with and stuff like that. So here is where you can tell, uh, or kind of dive into the project a little bit in terms of requests. So, um, with that being said, um, you know, let's just say for example, uh, you know, describe the, describe it.

If you have a storyboard too, I also recommend you utilizing a storyboard. So I've created a video like Facebook ad, Instagram ad creatives, how to plan them out to convert last week. And I literally give you a storyboard template.

So, but request description, let's just say use the photo, photo below, and then you can actually like link that photo, um, use the photo linked below and then add a Valentine's day border around it. Brown that boom. Um, I also recommend using some example examples.

If you have examples, link those in there, right? Like that just because typically a lot of the creative stuff you see, you start to get some ideas from, you can link those in, even though they're not exactly what you want, just their ideas. And you can pull and tell them like, Hey, I really liked this text style on this particular creative right here.

Yada, yada, yada. So text for design. So this would be like the text you want on the design itself.

Um, so it'd be like Valentine's day 20% off sale. Boom. Size is needed.

Typically a 10 80 by 10 80 is the most common for graphics for, um, Facebook ads. Uh, if you're doing a video request, you may, you may want to do like a four by five right there. Um, that also works really well.

Um, but yeah, uh, preferred file type, uh, do P and G priority level, uh, normal preferred designers. So you have any preferred designers and stuff like that. So, and then, yeah, you can also, again, this is all like the assets you can add for the designer.

So like example ads, things like that examples for, or not example ads, but like, um, like if the specific photo you want to edit upload it right there, and then examples for inspiration right here, uh, you can utilize in terms of, um, again, examples for inspiration. I really like this ad can create something similar to this. So yeah.

And then you simply hit submit and then call it a day like that. Um, here's the requests. You can see all your requests open and you can see to complete it and we're 20 and that's just recently completed.

So, um, yeah, yeah. So very simple, very easy to communicate with the designer and everything like that. Um, I'm just going to delete this.

Cause I don't want to keep this open like that. Um, there we go. So cool.

Yeah. And you can also add users so you can add like other team members and stuff like that, um, that you have on your team if you need, you can load in all your brands. Again, I don't want to click on this just cause don't want to show off all of our brands where we have inside of here, but you click on brands and you can add in like their design stuff.

So like each brand may have their own, um, kind of like a design playbook in terms of here's what texts to use. Here's what colors to use. So you can add those in.

So you don't have to keep repeating those over and over. Um, and then request again, it's where you can see all your requests. It's open and stuff like that.

Modify them. If you need, you can also see a visual of them up right here. So, but, uh, yeah, so long story short, uh, we highly recommend utilizing no limit creatives, at least for your first visual creator higher.

Now, um, again, we, we use them up to about four clients. And then after that we needed, we went ahead and, um, unfortunately let, let them go. Um, and we started using a, uh, just full-time higher.

So again, we're paying literally like nearly five to 10 X more for a full-time higher. And then also to you're gonna, you have to pay like a bunch of shit taxes and stuff like that, yada, yada, yada. Um, but we're pumping out like literally five to six new creatives every single day.

So, um, 180, 200 creatives a month versus the about 30 a month you'll get with this one right here. So yes, they do work really well up to a certain limit. Then as you grow further, you can either get a higher level plan with them, or you can do a full-time higher inside of your business.

Now, as an agency, we went ahead with a full-time hour, um, just cause we have a lot of stability of where we're at right now. Um, we can afford it and all that fun stuff right there. Uh, but for brands starting off, you know, brands doing 5k, 10 cam off, maybe even 50 KM off.

Um, and just don't need 200 different creative assets, created a month. And you only need like 15, 20, then no limit credits is the perfect place. Now, let me say this as well.

We love no limit creatives because they even have a full design library in here. So if we go over here, okay, maybe not, uh, there's a way you can see their design library and it's a ton of different ads that, uh, basically you can use for inspiration inside of, uh, your own creative concepts. So like, here's all the business cards we've done.

Here's all the Facebook ads we've done, and you can use those for inspiration as like a source of inspiration. Um, you can link them to that creative and then you can say, Hey, I want something similar to this. So works really well.

Yeah. So no limit creatives. We love them again.

Just, we had to make an adjustment inside of the agency because of how fast we grew brought on a full-time hire. Uh, but if you're looking for a design agency, that's reputable. We can, we use them from November of 2020, all the way up to, uh, January, 2022.

And so blitter this month and, um, highly, highly recommend them. Uh, they're always constantly improving their service, all that fun stuff right there. I, I know the owner and, uh, yeah, he's very good person in terms of like constantly improving the customer experience and all that fun stuff like that.

So yeah. And then again, you're working with an agency that specializes with e-commerce ads. E-commerce ads is probably 60 to 70% of their business itself.

Yes. They do all this other fun stuff, but 60 to 70% of their businesses, e-commerce ads and all of their designers speak perfect English. So if you're also worried about that right there, I know some people a little worried about, you know, their designers and we're already going to get just some like outsourced person that like barely speaks English.

All designers speak English, all the designers, super, super nice. We've had some designers where we kept the project open for a little while. And that's also still another thing right there.

And really touch on, um, you get unlimited designs per month, uh, but you also get unlimited revisions as well. So if you don't like the first creative they send you, you can basically just say, Hey, don't really fit this. Here's why.

And they'll revise it. And you can keep revising that in case, you know, just not really fit your, what you're looking for. We've actually had that happen a few times where just, we couldn't really portray what we were thinking our head, uh, or can articulate it in the best way.

And because we couldn't articulate in the best way, um, that designer was having that kind of communication, uh, that communication pattern was broken between me and the designer. So it took a little, it took a little few times before we finally got it nailed down of what we're trying to articulate to them with what we wanted. So also another thing to look into, um, when you start working with something like this as well.

So, but, uh, yeah, make sure you click the link below if you want to check out no limit creatives again. Um, it is an affiliate link. Yes.

I'll make a small commission for it. If you purchase it long story short, try it out. If you like it, cool.

Um, hit the affiliate link right there. Um, don't really make money off of those much money off of those. That's purely much just to support the channel and everything I bring to the table with this channel.

So, um, yeah, just full transparency on that. So, well guys, um, about time wrap up the video. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

Uh, make sure that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Again, sorry for being kind of like, just hold down this video, just, uh, kind of going through the thing, the sickness. If you live on the rock, you don't really know what I'm talking about, but if you actually watch the news, you know exactly what I'm talking about.

Second time going through it, it's all good. Like I'm fine recovering, uh, just low energy. So yeah.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. I'll see you guys later. Have a great rest of your day.