Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I want to talk about a common question I get of what to do when you're not getting sales from Facebook ads.

I'm going to share with you in today's video, eight strategies that you can follow that I follow when I'm not getting sales with Facebook ads and I kind of manipulate these, use these to really boost sales and performance inside of an ad account. So I'm actually going to show you eight strategies that hopefully you can use to go from no sales to getting sales with your Facebook ads. Now, before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and if you're new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Let's get started guys. So number one is, are you optimizing for the right events? When it comes down to Facebook ads, we like to optimize for conversion campaign and then optimize for purchases.

So you select a conversion campaign and then optimize for purchases. And I still find a lot of people trying to do page views or optimize for ads or carts, page likes, engagement, et cetera. Whereas with optimizing for purchases, running a conversion campaign, we're specifically telling Facebook we want purchases.

Now there's been very, very, very rare cases like literally 0.05% of the time that I'll actually optimize for something different like landing page views and actually do get better results. But again, that's 0.0005% of the time. Extremely, extremely rare.

But majority of everyone that's watching these channels, optimizing for conversion events and going for purchases is going to give you the best possible results with your ad account. Now, number two is, are you getting the right CTR and CPC? So CTR is click-through rate, the percentage of people that actually click on your ad, click on the link to go out to your Shopify website or whatever website you're running Facebook ads on or, you know, using for e-commerce and then your CPC, your cost per click.

So we like to measure these in the little Facebook ad columns. We actually like go create a column and we like to look for unique outbound click-through rate percentage and then unique outbound clicks. So this is the number or this is measured off the percentages or number of unique people that click on your ads.

And again, an outbound click is once one clicks on the call to action button to go to your website or clicks on the link in the ad copy to go to your website. So that's how you actually measure those specific variables. Now, we want at least a 1% or higher for the click-through rate percentage because this is signifying to us that our audiences and our creative is actually doing its job of grabbing attention.

So we've tested creative before an ad account where I like a point, you know, 10% of a click-through rate, which is horrible. And then we've tested just simply a new creative on that ad account that literally went from like 0.10% all the way up to like a two to 3% completely cold audiences. So in order to improve these, you simply just need to test more creative and test more different creative variables to really improve that click-through rate.

And click-through rate is directly affects your CPC. So your CPC cost per click, we typically like to have it a dollar or less. So we typically like to see about a dollar less.

This is USD, but you know, again, it can be whatever, you know, currency you're in. So we want a dollar less for the CPC. And in order to bring the CPC down, you just need a better creative, higher creative percentage.

So if we see a really good percentage on the click-through rate, so like say we see like a 1.5, 2%, really good click-through rate percent, but a really high CPC, then we could just typically be in like a very competitive niche. I mean, you know, likely we'll see higher CPMs and all that stuff as well. So we want to be seeing at least a 1% CTR on your ad creatives.

So you're optimizing for purchase conversions. You're getting a good click-through rate percentage, but you're still not getting sales. What now?

Now, the next thing is your ad clear enough of what you're selling. Some people try to make this a very elaborate scheme to try to sell people and their products, which actually is completely opposite of what you need to be doing. But Facebook ads, you just need to be simply clear of how this product helps your consumers, what pain points it addresses, and what benefits they have by using this product.

How much somebody uses with the product? If you're running an image ad, then your image ad, you need to have at least 50% to 60% of the image, your product. So it's very clear of what you're selling.

And then for the video in the first three seconds, your product needs to be addressed or address your ideal customer for your particular product. So if your ad isn't clear or maybe people are misled with your ad, you know, your ad seems like you're selling this and not what you're actually trying to sell. So if your ad is unclear of what you're selling, sometimes you get a good click-through rate percentage, but you can actually get a bad conversion rate and high cost per purchase because people click on your ad expecting one thing and get to your website and see something completely different.

And that's what brings up my next topic. Your ad scent needs to be consistent. So when people click on your ad and go to your website, that bridge, you know, going from ad to website, there's a scent that follows that ad.

The feel of that ad needs to replicate the website. So if they click on your ad, they feel very happy, cool. And it goes to your website.

It's just, you know, again, misleading. There's a lot of different terminology and stuff like that on your website. And people feel like they left planet Earth when they clicked on your ad and very unclear of what they're seeing.

Then that's something that needs to be fixed and addressed. And that means your ad scent is not correct. So you need to make sure when you click on one of your ads, it's very consistent with the experience people get right when they land on your website.

Now, step number five, now that we're mentioning website is you need to make sure your website load speed is good. So if we're getting a lot of clicks on our ads and people are getting to a website, but it takes 10 to 30 seconds for your website to load, we typically see drop offs in performance if the website has a longer load speed than five seconds. So if your website is loading between one, three seconds, you're in a perfectly good area.

Three to five. Hey, we need to try to work on some stuff greater than five seconds. Hey, you're in a serious issue right there.

You need to figure out why it's taking so long for your website to load. Very common thing is when we're making these websites, we use a lot of, you know, high, like nice cameras like I'm using to film this video and we're uploading these at full like 20 to 30 megabytes per photo. And it's causing for a lots of clog in the speed for it to load your website.

Also, if we have a website, we've tested a lot of different apps with having all those apps in the JSON code can really affect the load speed as well. So make sure you clear all your apps on your website, test your website load speed. And then also make sure if you're you're using high resolution photos and stuff that you're also going ahead and, you know, compressing some of those to, you know, increase like the speed and stuff which they load.

So now number six, everything prior to this, you're hitting perfectly, but you're still not getting sales. So now the next thing is take a look at your product page, what you're selling and stuff and make sure one people can easily, you know, add to cart and go to your checkout. Remove all the buttons on your page, but add to cart and make sure that add to cart button is very contrast to your background.

So have a solid red, green or black color for your ads cart button and remove all the other by now with other options to where it's just one simple button. People click on to go to your website. That's a customizable customizable product.

Make sure people can easily customize a product with no questions asked. Make sure all the every question that you get in support inbox or on comments on social media should be addressed on the product page. So if you get a common question, if this product can be used like this, then answer it on the product page.

Really make sure there's enough information people can have to where they can purchase confidently. Those times and time again where I'm working with these brands and they have literally nothing on their product page and like, oh, well, Supreme does it. And that's the complete opposite here.

You know, we're working with cold traffic that's never heard of your brand. Honestly, they do not care about you. They don't care about your product.

So you need to make sure you're providing them with everything to where they can make a purchase confidently because they don't trust you and they don't know you yet. So you need to provide this information, provide the shipping time, provide how the like a little bit of description on the product itself. Provide the unasked questions and the questions that's that are being consistently asked from time to time again.

Provide them the information they need to purchase confidently. Also look at your product photos and stuff, you know, have a few demonstration or product photos, have a few lifestyle photos and have your typical kind of like white background, clean cut photos as well. So I have all this in place and have some good social proof, have a contact email very clear, have some information on shipping, like have all this information to where people can purchase confidently.

And that way, if there's any issues in the past, they know how to handle it because it's addressed on the product page. They have contact information. They feel like they're purchasing confidently and, you know, in from a good place.

So make sure you have all of this properly addressed on the product page. Now, number seven is have you spent enough? There's people that will spend five dollars to sell like a thirty dollar, a hundred dollar, you know, pair of clothes or maybe a customizable product or, you know, they'll spend a bunch of money on this particular product.

But have you even spent enough? We typically like to see about a 10x to 25x of your current product price to be spent before we deem it. Hey, it's just not working.

And then what we'd like to do is we also like to spend 10 to 25x our product price with all of the above answered. So we're spending 10 to 25x our cost per product. So if it's a hundred dollar product, we want to spend a thousand to twenty five hundred dollars on that product, testing it and really going through all the variables above or prior to this one right here.

You're consistently optimizing all of those. You're really kidding all those hard. And then you're going to you're going to basically fail faster through these and increase your chances of succeeding and success quicker.

So between all of those, you have a really, really, really great chance or good chance at succeeding with your brand and your products and stuff. Now, number eight is people simply don't want what you have for sale. Like it's literally super simple.

People don't want what you want you what you have to buy. And I like this strong, I'm screaming at people. And here's the reason why people have been sold on this idea that they can pretty much grab a product, put it on Shopify, run some Facebook ads to it and get sales.

And then they don't get any sales. And there's like, oh, I need better Facebook ads. They get a high level agency to run their ads and it still doesn't sell.

And they're like, oh, agencies, crap. Let me go to the next one. And they keep going over and over and doing this.

And their products still they're losing a lot of money. And like, why, why, why? And it's simply because people don't want what you have for sale.

Like, it's super simple. You need to make sure you're performing very, very good audience research. You need to be able to doing surveys and doing all these proper pre selling techniques and pre market evaluations before you list your product and make sure people want it.

Because if people don't want it, you cannot sell stuff that people doesn't want. Like you can have the best Facebook ads in the world, best creative, best offer, you know, best copy, best headline and all that. But if people simply don't want the product, you're not going to get sales from it.

And sometimes I want to scream this to people. But, you know, again, you got to make sure you're doing everything properly. You know, I see this more common than the clothing niche sometimes, whereas, you know, people love a certain style of clothing and they come up with these ideas in their head.

They make these clothing and then it gets no sales. And I'm like, okay, we have a pre market evaluation. Did you do nothing?

They just came up with it. They're sold on the stream of making seven figures on YouTube and they put all their money in this one product, their first product launch. They do no prior market research or anything like that.

They don't even know if it works or not. And it was like, oh, well, you just don't know how to run Facebook as I'm like, look, I do. But if no one wants your product, I can run the best Facebook ads in the world.

And you're still not going to get sales because people don't want it. You have to understand that on the other side of that purchase is a customer is a person just like you. And if they don't like your clothing or don't like your products, they're not going to purchase from you.

So you have to make sure you don't some very good pre market evaluation, product research, customer research and make sure this is a product they want, because if they don't want it, you're not going to get sales from it. And I like to put this at the bottom of the list because we test everything prior to this before we come to this conclusion. And this is also why we only work with e-commerce brands doing at least twenty five thousand and fifty thousand per month in revenue, because we don't want to work with a store just starting off because they don't have any, you know, especially a store that doesn't really have the capital to deploy in what we do.

We don't want to work with these stores because we don't know their products are proven, whereas twenty five thousand and fifty thousand per month. They're getting a good bit of sales. They just need someone that's helping them to really grow consistently and scale up their efforts.

They're likely already working with ads and likely already profiting from ads. They just need someone that can better help with the creative, the offer, the headlines, the copy, all of this type of stuff and run the ads in a more systematic way. And that's why people choose to work with this.

So it's a really rough technique. It's a really rough decision to come to. And I think this is more common with people just starting out because they find a product they like or they create a product they like.

They fall in love with it and they immediately go to market with it. Whereas nine times out of ten, your first product, your first store is not the store that's gonna make you successful. It's usually like the six or the seventh store or six or seventh product you take in live through, you know, to market and stuff.

So likely it's not gonna work. And when you fall in love with this particular product, you tend to have a bias to it and you consistently sell yourself on it every day. But you're not doing the research of what your audience wants.

And that's the key here. You really need to understand what your audience wants. So if your audience don't want your product, you're not going to get sales from it.

And that's that's the cold, hard truth with this cold, hard truth of why we work with these bigger brands, because we know their products proven it's validating everything. We just they just need help scaling it. Whereas these little brands, it's it's more of, hey, your product is something people don't want.

And I know I'm going to get on a tangent here, but it's the cold, hard truth. And it's something that, you know, it's it's a it's the real truth. It's it's to be honest, it's something that's why a lot of people that do succeed.

They test multiple products. They test multiple different things. They really do their research on their product before, you know, they really go to scale with it.

So make sure you're doing all that properly. Run surveys, run a Legion campaign on Facebook, asking people would they purchase this product and why. And that way you can actually get feedback from a cold audience.

Go to cold people. Don't go to your friends or family because they're going to tell you they would just because they want to support you. So you have to understand that as well.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video a little different. Little kind of going through the eight kind of core strategies that we kind of dig through when we're not getting sales with Facebook ads. I hope you guys enjoyed this.

Now, if you own a Shopify store and you want to increase revenue while increasing profits, then make sure you click the link below to book a call with me. We'll work with you to create a tailored plan for you. You can take action on to scale your store to the goals you want to hit.

And you have the options to either work with me or do it yourself. So make sure you click the link below. And if you're new to channel, hit that subscribe button.

If you like this video, hit that like button. Post new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Thank you guys so much for watching this video and I'll talk to you guys later.

My name is Nick Theriault and I'm out. Peace.