yo what's going on guys welcome back to my channel my name is nick terrio and today i have a new video for you guys where we're going to discuss what to do when your offer starts to die out and how to approach the sell in a different way using advertising angles advertising angles is something that's more of a complex topic but it's something that's been extremely powerful for me in my advertising career where basically you need to approach the sell in a different way which helps revive a dead offer you promote something one way for so long and now you need to approach it in a different way and the way you engage with your audiences using copywriting so today we're going to be discussing exactly how to use advertising angles and using it to revive a dead offer before we get started make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every other day similar to this one so let's get started so one key problem we face when we're running a offer so you know you're testing offers and stuff you find the successful one you spend a lot of time doing this and you're just praying to god that hey i hope this offer doesn't die out so for example we had this really great offer on valentine's day and we promoted it on facebook ads and we did extremely well with it you know and just to say how well we did eight hundred thousand dollars in sales in less than 21 days so the problem though is as we were scaling up because eight hundred thousand dollars in 21 days and you're spending a lot of money and the problem is we start to burn out that offer so we needed a new way to promote that offer do we change up the offer completely maybe not but before we change up that offer what else can we do in our power to regain people's attention so we tested new creatives and new creatives worked well but we needed a new way of how we approach the sale so what we did was we started to experiment with new advertising angles and essentially what an advertising angle is so for example the first angle of which we promote this product was the perfect gift for valentine's day the next angle we used was how to surprise your wife for valentine's day and make it one to remember so you see the first one was the perfect gift the next one was you know so anyone looking at the gift right now for valentine's day boom the next one was how to surprise your wife so for example we're targeting men that are married and they're clueless of what to do for valentine's day so we put how to surprise your wife so how to how to make your loved one feel extra love this valentine's day another way we could have done this was advertising angle of simplicity and just in simplistic terms of how to make your loved one feel extra love this valentine's day another way we could have done this was uh advertising angle of simplicity and just in simplistic terms describe the product we're selling now advertising angles there is a ton of different ones and every products gonna have a few unique ones we have our own probably core 10 of them that we use for every ad account but it's something that's extremely powerful so when you start to see an offer die out you've been running it for a while and you need to target new groups of people new groups of awareness because again one person when i say the perfect gift for valentine's day they've been running it for a while and you need to target new groups of people new groups of awareness because again one person when i say the perfect gift for valentine's day And then another ad that's saying how to surprise your wife for Valentine's Day. It's going to attract different groups of people. So let's take a look at the computer real quick.

I'm going to show you exactly what I mean by this of how to approach the sell in a different way. Okay, so let's say, for example, our core offer is Facebook ads management for e-commerce stores. That's what we do at my agency, Target Solutions.

And we do really well with it. So not to brag on myself, let's get back to the video. Our simplicity, our first advertising offer right here is we scale e-commerce stores past 100k per month.

We can run an ad like that. We help e-commerce stores scale past 100k a month. So we're identifying people we are.

That's our core offer. Our core offer is the Facebook ad side and stuff. But the way we're promoting is we help e-commerce stores scale past 100k per month.

That's our first advertising angle of simplicity. In simplistic terms, describe what your offer is and what you do. You know, in simplistic terms, describe the experience people have, the benefit they have with your brand.

Now, let's say we run that for a while and we get some good results. We get some good results and stuff, but it starts to die out. We test new creatives.

We test new ad copy of the same terminology of simplicity. Just kind of change up a few things. That doesn't work.

So now that's how can we approach a new group of people? So a different stage of awareness, stage of market sophistication, stage of what people are currently thinking right now. What's the next advertising angle we can approach the market with?

So the next one is, you know, how to scale past $100,000 per month using Facebook ads. So the first one is, we help e-commerce businesses scale past $100,000 per month. The second one is, how to scale past $100,000 per month.

So the first one is, okay, we're talking about us, we help you. Whereas the second one is, here's how. And we could, you know, lead in with some ad copy that's going on how and what to do and stuff.

And with, you know, teaching them the what and then selling them the how of, here's what to do, you know, to get to that, how to get to that. And then if you're interested, click the link below and we can schedule a call to talk together. Whereas the first one is, here's what we do.

Here's some results and stuff. Boom, book a call with us. So we're approaching the market in two different segmentations.

Again, approaching people with different stages of awareness, different stages of market sophistication, and allows us to reach more people. And like I said, there's many, many, many, many different advertising angles. And honestly, I'm not gonna go through all of them in this one video, but that's just one or two right there.

Simplicity, how to. Another one is social proof. So I could lead with some type of, you know, just testimonial right here.

Here's Nick. He's done over $500,000 for his e-commerce business, working with us. You know, click the link below to book a call with us.

I can lead with something more in terms of leading with pain points. Hey, are you tired of, you know, going from, hey, are you tired? Hey, are you tired of trying to run ads yourself?

Are you tired of hitting ceilings when you're trying to scale and stuff? Are you tired of doing this and this and this? And, you know, if you're interested, click the link below, book a call with us, and we can, you know, work on Facebook ads for your business.

So think of new advertising angles to incorporate around your core offer, new ways to promote your products. And this is probably one of the biggest thing that leads to a lot of success with ad accounts I'm working with, because they have that account structure in place. They have the content and stuff, but they're still not seeing the results they want.

We test some new ad angles and stuff, some new ways of entering the market, new ways of gathering people's attention or grabbing people's attention or reaching new groups of people, different groups of people, different levels of market sophistication. And we're doing all this and we're pulling people into our brand in new ways, which allows us to go further, allows us to spend more, and allows us to spend more profitably. So with your business, closing thoughts, make sure you're testing new advertising angles around your business.

Do some simple Google searches, YouTube videos of different advertising angles. I actually teach advertising angles in my new course. Not going to release that yet.

Just kind of dropping some little hints right there. So if you are an e-com business owner and you're spending at least $1,000 daily, make sure you click the link below, book a call with us, and we can actually hop on a call together. I'll consult with you on what to do to scale past your business, you know, scale those new, those thresholds you're trying to hit and show you what we have done for multiple other businesses that we scaled to over $400,000 per month in revenue.

So again, my name is Nick Terrio and I hope you enjoyed this video. Make sure you click the like button below and subscribe if you're new to the channel. I post new videos just like this one every other day.

So make sure you stay around. It's about that time, guys. Thank you so much for watching.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.