I'm finally facing it all, fearless What is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. Today we have a very special video.

I'm about to take my king snake out of its cage and we're going to clean the cage up and we're going over a few things discussing how it's been owning a snake for over 30 days now for about a month into snake ownership now. If this is something you are interested in doing, just a few things to be cautious about or maybe a little bit of my experience. So let's hop right into the video now.

So jumping into the main topic of this video, we are going to go ahead and start cleaning up Phoenix's cage. He's just sitting down chilling right there in a nice little meal today so I got some poop. Got to clean up and I thought that would be a great video just to make on the snake.

I've been dealing with Phoenix now for about a month now so definitely got, or a little bit over a month now. Definitely have a lot of, I could say, knowledge, more knowledgeable now than when I first got him. How he is, everything.

So first things first, you got to take him out of the cage and you take him out of the cage. Simply just use a plastic bin to store them until I'm finished cleaning up the cage. So let's see if I can set you guys up somewhere.

All right, so first things first, got to take him out of the cage. See him in there, he's chilling. First thing I just use is a plastic bin.

He's got some holes in it. Simply take him out of there. And it's simple after that.

Just got to take him out of the tank. He really loves this new light that he got set up on here. Hey there, buddy.

First thing I always do, rub him on the back. And you can see right now I'm hanging on his back and stuff and he's doing nothing. All right, I'm going to pick him up.

There you go. Oh, he is nice and warm. Very nice and warm.

I've never felt him this warm. He loves it. He was definitely taking a nice little nap when I got him up on his little basking spot.

He really loves that light a lot. He's getting a little pale. I wonder if he's about to shed again.

Be insane if he does. Since I've had him now for about a month, he's definitely grown. I've been feeding him more than what he's used to being fed.

When I first got him, he was eating one mouse a week. Now he's up until two. I wasn't going to continue to feed him one mouse a week like the previous owner.

But the pet store person said, hey, you know, for adult king steak, they should be eating at least a small rat a week or a mouse or two mouse a week. So that's kind of where I shifted it at. And now he's doing one rat, one small rat a week.

And then either two mice a week. So look at this guy. He is definitely getting more pale.

So I should expect to see him in shed very, very soon. He probably won't be active at all this week. Usually when a snake goes into shed, they will be less active.

Then they'll just start hiding for a few days because when a snake goes into shed, their visibility is low. So they hide to get away and be protected. And that's kind of what I'm seeing in him right now.

He definitely does look a lot pale. His underbelly is really pale. All the black stripes on him is very pale.

So it definitely looks like he's about to go inside shed. So now to get into actually cleaning the tank, very easy. Let me reset up the camera and jump and show you guys how to do this.

First off, what you want to do is you want to take your pet, eat a little reptile. Just put them in a safe place. You don't want to step on them on accident or anything like that.

Take care of them. And then now it's time to clean the tank. So usually what I do to clean the tank is I will just spot scoop.

So whatever little spots I see that need to be cleaned up, just simply scoop it up. Paper towels right here because you definitely don't want to pick this stuff up with your hand completely. And then I have to go throw this away anyway in a few minutes.

So I just got a Rice Krispie Treat box. Maybe I'll leave a few for Phoenix. So just remove any items might be in the way from cleaning.

Simple as that. Find your copper and then scoop it up. I'm sorry.

Don't know where to begin. Don't get these demons in my head. Please help me find the cause of it.

This is the start of something. Oh, Becky. I've been struggling to find out.

Stay safe. Not yet all the cage cleaned up. It's time to put them back in.

But before I put them back in, I thought I'd show you guys some tips and info and everything so far about my experience so far with owning a snake. Alright, so now we have Phoenix out the cage. I wanted to talk a little bit about Phoenix.

Phoenix, if you didn't know, he is a California kingsnake. This is a non-venomous snake. Obviously, if he would bite you.

Where are you going, dude? Obviously, if he would bite you, you would feel a little bit of pain. But it wouldn't be severe.

Rub it off with some Germ-X or something like that after and you're good to go. He is mostly commonly found in fields, just around your house and stuff. He's kind of a common snake.

He is about 2-3 years old, from what the previous owner says. King snakes are definitely a lot more active compared to other snakes. This is about as big as he's going to get.

He's going to add a little bit of lymph and stuff to him. But he's definitely not going to be super thick like some of these anacondas and stuff or pythons. His main diet consists of mice, geckos and stuff.

Little household or things around the house like that. You can just see, you guys can say on the activity level, I thought this would be a lot easier. Filming him and just holding him like this.

But he's being very active today. I feed him once a week in terms of food. I feed him one small rat a week.

Lately, they didn't have any small rats. So I have to feed him two small mice a week. And yeah, that's purely how it is.

It's cool to have a chilled pet. It's very, very low maintenance. I mean, I feed him once a week.

I clean his cage up once a week. I add water once a week. Total maintenance, I mean, is very, very low.

Every now and then, I'll go ahead and I'll add some more substrate. Substrate to his cage and clean out the old substrate. That happens about once a month.

And maybe a little bit more. Maybe about every five to six weeks. And overall, it's a really cool pet to own.

I like to use it in terminology. It's kind of like owning a fish. You know, you don't really play with them.

You don't really cuddle with them and stuff. Snakes can't really love you or catch feelings for you. Like say a dog or something.

They're not like super loyal. They're a really cool pet though to have. Definitely something cool to share with your friends and stuff like that.

Other people. Really cool. So far, experience of owning one.

No problems at all. I definitely enjoy it a lot. Interesting fact.

Snake body language. That's, I think, learning snake body language is a big key. And that made me feel more confident with handling my reptile.

Snake body language. First off, if they are just roaming around like this. They got their tongue flickering and stuff.

That means they're a curious snake. That means they're not trying to strike you or anything like that. They're not trying to do anything to you.

They are purely just trying to chill. And that's pretty much what he is doing right now. At this moment.

They tense up and stuff. And they're not flickering their tongue. But they're not really, you know, moving their body much.

You know, maybe just kind of feel tense. It just means they're stressed. And then after they're stressed.

They will generally, if they don't want to be messed with. They will let off a kind of like a musk. Or like a, you know, musk.

Which is just like a stinky smell. And also, too, at the same time. They will let off a hiss.

I don't know if all snakes do it. But I know king snakes purely do it. Or do it for sure.

He has hissed at me, I think, about three, four times. So, that's like their last. Like, hey, look.

I don't want to be messed with. Leave me alone. Or I will bite you.

Obviously, if you're dumb enough, you know. Not to mess with it. Or if you're dumb enough to continue to mess with them.

Maybe you just need to get him out of the cage or something like that. First, I'm important. He'll usually kind of form an S shape with his head.

And that's when he'll pull his tongue back in. He'll put his head down like that. And that's when he's ready to strike.

So, that's something you need to. That's something you can learn about snake body language and stuff. If you understand snake body language and understand it.

You can feel a little more confident when handling them like this. Like this whole time. He's just been chilling.

He's a curious snake right now. And he's simply just flickering his tongue everywhere. So, he is cool.

He is chill. Really, really, really cool snake to own. Really cool animal to own.

I've always had a huge fear of snakes. Never liked them at all. But, I've got to learn them.

I've watched a bunch of videos on YouTube. Chandler's Wildlife is a really good one. Tyler Nolan Tattoos is a really good one.

I follow these guys on a day-to-day basis. I watch every video they post on a day-to-day basis. That kind of gave me some confidence and stuff.

And also, too, just understanding snakes and stuff. Understanding their behavior. Understanding their life.

Or, understanding them as a whole. And not just living with the same subconscious fears that I've grown up with. That snakes are bad.

Snakes are going to kill you. Snakes just run around striking people. They're all poisonous.

Snakes just run around striking people. I guess I want you to understand it. It allows you to be more open to them.

And chill with them. But, alright guys. I'm going to go ahead and put Phoenix back in his cage.

I'll let you guys see a little bit more of him. I don't know if it's going to focus. He is definitely about to go in shed.

When he does go inside of shed. I won't see him for a few days. So, I'm definitely glad that I was able to make this video.

And, we're going to go ahead and put Phoenix back in his cage. And, we'll see everything. I guess you could say his new little cage.

So, a few more things about the cage itself. All that is is a fish tank type enclosure. That's super simple to get.

Get these for up front. This one I think was a custom built one. But, otherwise.

It's nothing super fancy. So, make sure you have some really good locks on it. So, your reptile doesn't escape.

In terms of the actual cage setup itself. All of this is some like mulch. Specifically made.

It's mulch. I guess it's just overpriced mulch at the pet store. I don't know if they do anything else different.

But, it's more for pets. And then, yeah. You got your water bowl.

There's a heating pad below. You can see it. Heating pad below.

So, you want a cool spot. Warm spot in the cage. And then, I just recently added this.

Because the temperature was way down in the 70's consistently. And, for a snake you want about 75 to 90. For a king snake.

Every snake is different. Some need more. Some need less.

So, that's it. That's the setup. He chills around the cage and stuff.

Really cool. Like I said. Really cool animal to own.

And, yeah. That's pretty much my experience. Pretty much my experience now with them.

And owning them from over a month now. And, yeah. Really cool.

Really enjoy it. And, I hope you guys enjoyed this little video. I know it's kind of put together last minute.

And, thank you guys so much for watching. If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button. If you're new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button.

I make lifestyle vlogs and stuff. Every now and then, a snake video. Business and marketing related content.

Thank you all for watching. See you guys later. Peace.