Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Hope you guys are having a great start to your day. Today I have a new video for you guys. We're going to be diving into the marketing efficiency calculator.

It's a little Google sheet that kind of just I use on a daily basis. A lot of you guys have asked about it. So we'll go ahead and drop that for you guys today.

And before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'm a little under the weather. So this week's videos I'm filming right now on Friday.

It's going to be a little, a little rough may or may not have the, the, the, the thing that, you know, yeah. Um, this will be like my second time having it. So long story short, I'm doing okay, perfectly fine.

Uh, just really exhausted. So that being said, let's dive into the video. So, um, marketing efficiency calculator.

So this is something that I've used a lot, um, over the last say six, seven months, we've basically did a test with like wicked reports. Um, never really used high rows. Uh, and, um, we even use this something simple as like a little Google sheet right here to keep up with 14.5 because obviously there's platforms now, Facebook, Google, Snapchat, things like that, that are not properly showing results for what you're getting.

Now, obviously you can use high rows or wicked reports to get like some ad level statistics, things like that, yada, yada, yada. But we needed a way to where we could, um, track sales revenue, things like that outside of these tools for some of our smaller brands that we're working with was like quicker reports, like 600 bucks a month, things like that. So we implemented the marketing efficiency, um, calculator or ratio calculator.

And this is a Google sheet that we'll use every single day, every single day. We'll go across all of our brands and we'll go ahead and fill the sheet out. So some of them have like six, 700 inputs right here like that, like very, very over long periods of times.

And if you don't know what MER is, MER is just marketing efficiency ratio. It's a fancy word for return on adspin, but it's looking at it from the whole level view. So you take all of your adspin and you take your revenue and you divide the two and then you get your fancy press.

So let's just go ahead and take a look at this and what all you got going on here. Uh, before you actually get started, go to click the link below in the description. You can actually get the sheets, click on it.

Then it'll take you here, go file, make a copy. Because if you click on share or like request access, stuff like that, I'm not going to give it to you. So go file, make a copy.

And that's how you can make your own copy of it. Save it to Google drive, call it a day. So just taking a look at this sheet right here, you'll see a few different things going on.

You have to date, uh, your totals for ROASH revenue and spend your sales. Uh, then you have your paid advertising. This is across all channels that, um, you don't paid advertising on.

So, um, all of these are edible. So like, you know, you can put whatever you want on there. If you're just on Facebook and Google, maybe you're doing something like billboards.

So if a client did a billboards, maybe even have something where it's like, I don't know, Spotify and then, uh, tick tock. Cool. So basically what's going to get input it, uh, below these is the spin level.

So a lot of people in previous videos have asked me, how do you know, Facebook generated $676 in sales? Well, I don't fricking know. Um, I'm just reporting the spin.

So let's say for example, we're reporting on, uh, yesterday, which is the, uh, 13th and come in here. So obviously nothing in here. So I'd go on the 13th.

Today's the 14th. I'd go look at yesterday's data. All right.

We did $2,000 in sales that day. And obviously all of this is going to show errors. Cause we haven't filled in this yet.

We spent $300 just on Facebook. Um, I don't know, a hundred bucks on Google. I don't know, 50 bucks on billboards, a hundred on Spotify, and maybe three, 400 on tech talk.

So basically what happens is we're inputting all of the spin levels, spin on those platforms yesterday. And then we're inputting ourselves from Shopify yesterday. And then we're getting our total spin, our total revenue and our overall robust for that specific day.

Now, why do we do this? So let me just kind of go down further here. Um, let's say for example, uh, we keep, we keep doing $2,000 a day.

We keep spending $300 a day on Facebook, but then we stopped spending on, I don't know, maybe Spotify billboards and Google, because we questioned their effectiveness essentially. And then maybe tick tock, we're down to $300 a day and spend something like that. Cool.

So notice how robust improved Shopify sales stay the same, but spin is $350 less. So we just identified a correlation inside of the data. So you're basically looking at the data and you're identifying, um, basically, um, patterns and stuff like that.

So we identified that when we cut our Google billboards and Spotify spin, um, revenue stayed the same, but our spin overall spin went down, which shot row ass up. So basically that tells us is that Google billboards and Spotify are not as profitable, our revenue driven as we thought. So now we can actually cut those channels and we don't need to advertise on it, or we can continue advertising on them and just be more effective with our ads.

Now let's say we continue down the shroud, except let's go say we jump up Facebook spin by 600 bucks. And then all of a sudden we see, I don't know, Shopify revenue go up to $3,000. There you go.

So, and we still spend the same on TikTok. So notice how we bumped up, we doubled Facebook spin and we seen a big increase in sales on Shopify. Now let's just say we keep that up, keep that up.

There we go. Yada, yada, yada. So now you can see, Hey, we're questioning the profitability on Facebook.

Facebook showing less data and everything, but we increased Facebook's spin. And then now all of a sudden Shopify sales went up. So yeah.

So this is pretty much all you're doing is just every day you're recording the last 24 hours of data. So on the 13th, you're going to record the 12th data on the 14th, you'll record the, uh, or yeah, you're gonna record the 13th. So today's the 14th.

So I'm gonna go to 13 and then put that down and yada, yada, yada. So long story short, it's pretty easy to, uh, do this. Uh, there's nothing fancy here.

There's no like fancy yacht, like things going on here. It's just a simple Google sheet. Um, there's already a formulas.

If you can see right here and these like row ash revenue and spin levels. So do not like mess with these or anything like that. And then Shopify, you have to manually input Facebook, all these, you have to manually input.

And again, you can put whatever you want for these. If you're not on these specific channels, it's not going to affect how things are calculated. Just gotta make sure you're recording the, uh, the spin there.

So again, you can get this sheet also to make sure you do not delete these. You should go delete like this or you're going to delete the formulas. You delete the formulas.

You gotta read down the sheet. So yeah. So hope you guys, uh, enjoy this again.

Sorry for lack of energy. Definitely struggling a little bit, but, uh, you know, sipping a nice little iced Americano right now. Um, unfortunately don't have any glitch on me.

Uh, but that's, that's, that's another really powerful stuff. So right there. Um, yeah.

Download this video, download this, this Google sheet, click the link below, download it. And, uh, you get this whole Google sheet for yourself. Again, file, make a copy.

I still get a ton of people try to hit like request access. I'm not giving you access. You got to hit file, make a copy.

And that's how you save the sheets of your Google drive and you can edit it. However you want, use it however you want it. Yeah.

So thank you guys so much for watching this video. Uh, if you're an e-com business owner, you're doing at least 50 K a month in revenue, and you're looking for an agency to kind of consult what you want to strategy that you can use to either run with it, scale up your brand, um, or work with an agency that can actually help you implement that strategy. Um, then make sure you click link below to put a call with me and my team.

I've helped multiple businesses now, scale seven figures, eight figures. Um, and we would love to help you out. So again, just put call below.

We'll hop on a call. We'll put together a strategy for your business. And, um, yeah, if, uh, if you like it, you get to run with it, don't like it.

Or if you want to use us, you can. So long story short, people making less than 50 K off. Keep watching the channel.

All these videos are designed to have a lot of transparency to give you that, um, transparent viewpoints of what it takes to scale business. So that way one day you'll get to the point where you can work with us if you choose. So that's the, that's the, that's basically the catch here of this channel.

So thank you guys so much for watching the video. Hope you guys have a great rest of your day. Make sure you like comment and subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you guys so much watching. Talk to you guys later. Peace.