I just finished filming three new videos for the channel and I thought about doing something a little different today and actually taking you guys behind the business that pays me over $100,000 a month over the last 12 months. And that's profit, cash collected, not revenue. We've done way more revenue than that.

So before we actually get started, let's actually grab some food real quick because I'm really hungry after that filming session. Give me a hard choice, but it looks like we will take the Uris. You know, it's actually pretty crazy because I literally just got up to, I think, 20,000 miles on this when I bought it about, what, almost a year ago now?

It was at 15,000. So 5,000 miles, just under a year on the Uris. And I just got the first oil change done too.

So pretty crazy. And also it looks like we're out to get gas because we're at 45 miles to E. And if you're driving an Uris, you know this thing drinks.

So getting a little bit more into the actual topic of today's video, which is the business that pays me over $100,000 a month. Just to give you guys a little bit more like background on this. We started this business, or I started this business back in 2018.

And, you know, I would say like probably the first, you know, year and a half of me starting this business, which is a struggle, number one. But I've actually, if you're just knowing me and everything, I've actually been self-employed since 2015 now. So I've been self-employed for 10 years.

And this second business I've been running since 2020, the main business right now, this particular business actually was started due to my first business. And we're going to go into how all that came out to be. Not really the place to do this, but let's get a little pull.

All right, we got the 93. That was a little bit like it was about to start storming. Damn.

Yeah, we cut it pretty close. That was literally like almost pretty full tank of gas right there. Those who don't know, just take a quick guess real quick, how much it costs to fill up a Lamborghini Urus in the USA, specifically on the 93 gas.

Yeah, $66. Not too bad. If we were in like LA, Miami, or like even New York, any of the major countries or major cities, then like for sure it'd be a lot more.

But here in Louisiana, it's a little bit cheaper. So sushi spot I like to go to was packed. So we're going to go to another spot.

That's GSS Fire. Fire. So first business ever I started was actually in 2015.

And this particular business was a auto detailing business because I loved cars. And I loved just cars, vehicles in general. And I started washing cars, detailing cars and stuff like that.

And I'd get paid like $100 just to go detail a car. And at the time I was working a job that was paying me $10 an hour. So $10 an hour versus like spending three, four hours detailing a car and getting $100.

Like which is so much better than continuing the hourly job I was doing at the time. It's absolutely pouring, but oh well. This has easily got to be one of the biggest bottles of sparkling water I've ever gotten in a restaurant.

This is easily one of my favorite Indian restaurants. We got the butter chicken, the naan, all of the essentials. Tried recording in there, but it was way too loud.

So we're just going to finish up out here. So with this first business being an auto detailing business, I needed a way to grow this business and actually start to acquire customers. And the way I did that was just by simply going on YouTube and looking up ways to acquire customers with a detailing business.

And I discovered Facebook ads. And at the time I didn't really know anything about Facebook ads. So I just started watching YouTube videos on how to do Facebook ads.

And literally just starting with a small $5 a day budget, was able to start acquiring customers that were literally paying me $100, $200 per detail. And I kid you not, I had at the time, I think a 10 extra return on ad spend. This is back in 2015, where we would literally spend $500 a month and make back anywhere between $5 to $10K a month in revenue.

Doggies have been absolutely going crazy because it's been raining all day today. But back home, finally got some sunshine outside for them to play. Figured it would be a good opportunity to actually go outside too as well.

Get some sun myself. Oh, it looks like the neighbor. Oh, it started raining again.

Oh, it looks like the neighbor dropped the ball over. Toss that back over. But anyway, once we started scaling up the detailing business with the Facebook side, we were probably coasting around $10K, maybe some $20K months as well with the detailing business.

And I did have a business partner at the time that I brought on. And I was purely just due to the fact that I was scared to go up this business thing by myself. And with this business partner, we still got $15, $20K a month.

COVID hit, or not necessarily COVID hit, 2018 came around. And that's when I started to kind of fall not in love anymore with the detailing and washing cars. And knew that I had a greater sense in life, a greater purpose in life.

And I really love the Facebook side. I love running the ads. I love doing all the funnels and like learning how to do all that.

And through that right there, it made me start to think of, hey, what if I could run these Facebook ads for other businesses? And that's when I started doing about 2018. I started looking up all the different ways to like run Facebook ads.

Not for myself anymore, but like for other businesses, how to offer clients. And I learned about this thing called Facebook Ads Agency. I'm going to give them a little play time real quick.

Because they are going crazy right now. Go ahead, buddy. I don't have a huge backyard, but it's enough to like run up and down here.

Come on, buddy. Give me the ball. Let's go.

Hey, go, go. And they'll literally run up and down. Come on.

Update. They're eating now. So we can get back to business.

So once I started learning what a Facebook Ad Agency is, I already had success and results with Facebook Ads due to the business I started at the time, which was the detailing business. So all I had to simply do now was just showcase people the results that I've achieved with that business. And then now carry that over and I can actually implement it into their business.

And pretty much from 2018 all the way up until like 2019, I was pitching businesses, sending out cold emails. And I landed a couple of clients along the way. You know, kind of sporadic, just testing various different niches.

I've learned that with Facebook Ads, it's not always just, hey, an ad problem, but also to business problem. We had two particular clients, for example, that never ran Facebook Ads before. They just created a random product and then launched it with no research.

And like both of them sucked terribly because their product was actually really bad. We had another business where we're generating them a ton of leads, but they were just calling these leads once and not following up with them. So I've realized it's not always just Facebook Ad issues.

It's also to some of the like business issues and the types of clients you're acquiring. But through testing and trying a bunch of different clients, I was able to find an e-commerce client in September of 2019. And honestly, at the time, I thought it was a complete like scam.

I thought someone just saw my video, pulled my YouTube like email from it and like emailed me to try to scam me on something. So I almost didn't answer. I almost even reply back, but I did.

And I ended up closing that client the next day on a sales call. Sales call took probably 15 minutes and closed this particular client for 5k a month. So guess what?

Your boy stayed doing YouTube after that. And I was always a YouTuber. I always loved filming and creating.

It's always just been a passion of mine. And, you know, regardless of what I'm doing, whether it's first when I got started was doing gaming videos, then editing videos. Now it's Facebook ad videos and whatever, like next, you know, part of my life that I go into.

I plan on still keep doing YouTube and just have a variety of different YouTube channels for various different interests and passion of mine. So YouTube's always been something I'm very, very passionate about and love to do. And then just now the only difference is now I get to create content around things that make me money.

And it's a really good transition to go into now my $100,000 a month business, the business that pays me 100k a month, which is my Facebook ads agency and my coaching and mentoring program. Now, all of this comes from my YouTube channel. So technically my YouTube channel pays me 100k a month.

All the YouTube videos I post gets me clients from my agency and then also students for my mentorship program. Now I don't sell courses. I did dabble in courses for a short period of time.

You guys remember next tier ads and then ads at scale book.com. Both of those are still live, but I don't promote them in any of my videos anymore. I don't promote them in any of my descriptions and stuff like that.

I just think courses, to be fair, have a very, very short life in the market. Whereas like my mentorship program, it's been running two and a half years now. And it's always being updated every week when I do my weekly group calls and like active trainings with my students.

To where it's just like a kind of revolving door of whatever's working now. Whereas of course, you film it all at once. And it just like, you know, it runs well for like three or four months.

Then everyone's like, hey, Nick, you need to film it again because there's all these new updates. So that's the course part. And then my agency part where people watch my videos and are just like, hey, damn, Nick looks like he's crushing it.

I want Nick to run my ads. And that's where I have my agency side where the agency side actually go in and I run ads for clients who watch my YouTube videos. Actually funny enough that we're talking about that because I just filmed some videos earlier.

And they just finished Handbrake and Handbrake is a really cool software I use that just compresses the footage to make it look easier to upload. But anyway, this is as simple as it is. Like I get a client results.

I film a YouTube video breaking down that client results. I close new clients and then I get that client results. And then I film a new video, close new client results.

And it just keeps happening hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of times over and over and over and over. Like, for example, this video I literally just filmed today where we're talking about how we did $500,000 in revenue for this one particular client in the last 30 days. And I just simply do a case study, breaking it down and showing them exactly what we did to achieve that $500,000 success.

And then as mentioned, they'll either come into like my agency or like, you know, this particular client right now, Ari, we are crushing it for him right now, scaling up his ads in my agency. Or I have people come into my inner circle program where, you know, they watch my videos and stuff and they want me to mentor them. I do group chats.

I do one-on-one calls with them or I do weekly calls. So they get a variety of different ways that I can actually mentor them and coach them and get direct access to me. So this is probably like one of the best ways to grow a business online.

Display your skill set and like what you do for people and then give people an opportunity to do it one-on-one with you or do it in an agency side. Courses, like I said, they're not that great because you start them and then like within a couple months, information becomes outdated. Whereas like a, you know, group mentor program where, you know, you build them out on a monthly basis.

You consistently keep filming new stuff for them every week of like what's working right now. And it allows you to get like a really great results for your students. And then agency side is literally where they can just hand off the workload to you and you can, you and your team can actually take care of it for them.

So easily two best like offerings to have and a way to build like a really great business. But I would say that's nearly future-proof. But yeah, so speaking of mentorship program, I'm actually about to go and film some new content.

My students breaking down basically just how to like, you know, go through an ad account and know what changes I make on a week-to-week basis. So with that being said, I do need to end this little vlog here. Let me know if there's something more you guys want to do.

I got a few of these kind of planned out for the next couple weeks. So I'll test out a few and then just kind of let you guys vote with views and likes and comments. Whether you want to see more like this.

Definitely wouldn't replace all of the content. But it would just be like, I'm thinking like every Friday. Because Friday is always the worst day in terms of like views regardless of what I upload.

So it could just be more for like the serious subscribers that love the channel, love hanging out with me and everything. Just want like some type of fresh content. I could do this every Friday.

But let me know what you guys think. If y'all enjoyed this video, hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.