Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we'll be going deep into like my brief I prepare for like UGC and content creators and stuff like that. I'm going to show you guys like an old one that I used to use, like my very first one ever, and then one that I recently used for a particular project. So I want to go ahead and dive into this and help you guys share some insight and a few like key things I've found.

I work with Incense and I work with Billow, both two amazing platforms and both of their pros and advantages and stuff like that. But long story short, I use these with two particular briefs. I want to go ahead and show them to you.

So that being said, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into the video. So preparing brief for UGC.

Again, this could be for Billow. Billow is a really good platform. I personally prefer Incense.

It is a little bit more costly, but it provides a lot of really good options that Billow doesn't have. And also too, it has a little bit higher quality of models and stuff like that. So that's why I personally use Incense.

So you can also leverage this if you you're working with a creator and that's right there. Like I know some of you guys are paying a creator on a monthly basis to create content for you, which is another really good route I find to works amazing. So anything that you need to send off to a person to film, you can basically use this concept.

So first things first, I want to show you guys something like this is my very first brief ever when I purchased an ad from Billow. Basically just like needed an ad filmed and I went ahead, went to Billow and just sat there and just start typing shit up. Like didn't plan anything, just like start typing all kinds of crap up.

And basically this is what it was. So a scene is basically like something that's happening, like what's going on. So scene number one, present the infinity sign by metal address signs.

It's a particular product for one of our clients. And then scene two, fun, happy emotions with the infinity sign by metal address signs. So in my mind was like someone unboxing it.

Like this, the visual I had for this was that someone was going to box it, show it off, kind of be happy with it. Fun. That's it.

I don't really know that that's basically what I'm taking away from this brief because I haven't looked at this in so long. Okay. So it's the same thing the creators and take away from it.

Okay. Now the things I mentioned is this is the most perfect gift ever. So mentions is things that we want the creator to talk about.

Okay. These are things that basically like, what are the key things? Like I can say whatever I want, but what are the key things you want me to say?

So this is the most perfect gift ever. First line is still infinity sign. You can add two names of you and your loved one, give it to a couple.

It's made in USA. It can easily be hung up indoors or outdoors. Get yours now by clicking below.

So I'm not telling me exactly what to say. Like, hey, sell, say these exact words. I'm just saying that you need to mention these specific words.

Okay. So you can tell a story as long as it mentions these things. Okay.

So you can see right here where like people can get kind of crazy with it. Like there's no clear indication what I'm trying, what I visually want from them. Okay.

Present the infinity sign by metal address signs. Okay. How the hell do you do that?

Super, super vague. Fun, happy emotions in the infinity sign by metal address signs. You want me to be like, laugh with it, joy with it.

Like what the f**k? How do I express that too as well? Like this is crap here.

Okay. The mentions those are pretty cool. I mean, those are like things that we pulled from outside, but the scene side is s**t.

Okay. So I want to show you guys one that, um, and by the way, these particular ads are here. They did okay.

Okay. And we're going to go into the next thing. Okay.

What is my, my new kind of like, I would say kind of optimized brief and that sense right there. Okay. So first thing is key points.

Um, this is key things for them to, um, mention essentially. And the only reason why it looks different is because once below, once incense, below and incense, there's like, you know, at the end of the day, it's all about the messaging and stuff and the issue GC stuff. So you're not going to do a better brief on incense than below.

It's just that I had like through my journey, I've become a better marketer and that, and I've transitioned to incense. So that's why I did instance once looks better, but it's not because it's incense, if that makes sense. Okay.

So key mentions, um, reacting to how amazing this gift is. This is the best gift ever. Anyone could ever receive a perfect birth, perfect for a birthday anniversary, holiday, even a wedding gift.

So I'm like, I'm giving them a specific things to talk about showing off the products to the camera. Again, it's still pretty damn vague. And like, you know, like, okay, showing off the products to the camera.

Do you want me to put it close to the camera and do like some good B-roll footage of it? Do you want me to put it on a desk and like zoom the camera around? Like, where do you want me to put it at?

Like what's the environment? Things like that. Like these are things that are kind of like fucks on this as well.

Educating people on how it's two names. It's going to be your name plus partner's name or gifts or someone else. Cool.

Um, telling people about the quality of the product. Okay. Quality.

Okay. Like again, what specifically about the quality? Is it strong?

Is it sturdy? Like what specifically about it? Okay.

Telling people where they can get it makes a mistake by getting them this fit sign. They'll love telling people what you'll do with this product. So I can, I'm also be kind of vague here by giving the creator more freedom, freedom of how they want to play with this product.

And I was also going to help me out in the essence of basically giving a more organic reaction, that's centric there. Now scenes front facing to the camera, easy, well lit area, make sure the product isn't hard to see. Don't wear black.

So obviously just give a little bit more thing, but okay. I'm starting to be a little bit more descriptive with it. Front facing to the camera, easy, well lit area.

Make sure your product isn't hard to see. Smile, happy, energetic vibes, B roll, closeups of the products. So I mean a little bit more specific as well.

Environments to choose. Here's some of your options. Fall vibes, living room, kitchen, outside house, Southern vibes.

So I'm giving some vibes to where like they can categorize anything with falls within that, but I'm also giving them specific places too as well. If they can't figure out fall vibes or Southern vibes, they can go to, you know, living room, kitchen, outside house. So, so yeah.

So again, this is better, but it's not quite what we want. And I've even like, you know, further improved this. Um, but this is going to help you a little bit more.

So like what went right here was the fact is I was a little bit more descriptive on the scenes. I gave them specific environments to choose from. And in terms of the key points, I still was a little lazy on this side right here, but you want to be specific.

Okay. So key points slash mentions, what is it specifically you want your creators to mention? They can tell, they can say whatever they want, what's their mentions.

So I might even put hooks. Okay. So hooks, I want them to specifically to have these three hooks.

Okay. So, you know, this is the most perfect gift ever. I can't believe my boyfriend surprised me with this.

I can't wait to give this to my friend. Like that might be my three hooks. Okay.

So I'll put like hooks, boom, those three. So that way they can film each three of those are all three of those. And then you can spice up the video to have three videos, all of different hooks.

Okay. Another thing too, is that, uh, again, the, the, the key points, this is also a very easy product. So like it might be different for some of you guys, but like showing off the product to the camera, what does that mean?

And that's in right there. Okay. Like what does it mean to show off the product to the camera?

Is that, you know, holding the pro holding the product up in front of me and like smiling and holding it in like, you know, shaking around, is it taking the camera and putting it closely up to the, you know, the product itself on like on a table or something like that? Is it putting the product and hanging it up? Cause there's a sign that goes on a wall.

Is it hanging it up and then just basically showcasing that what is showing off the product? So be specific in this case right here. Okay.

Educating on how it's two names, your name, so I'm basically giving them a kind of like some like key things, like they need to look at, uh, tell people about the quality product. Again, what specifically do you want me to mention about the quality of the product? Okay.

Like, is it literally how it's steel? That's hard to bend. It's yes, it's thin.

It looks flimsy, but it's hard to bend. Like, I don't know. Like, like what about the quality?

If it's just saying quality, then it's like, what now, if maybe if I want to get their reaction, I could say, react, react, um, to people about the quality of the product. Okay. So I'm telling people to react to about the quality where they can get it.

So tell people where they can get it. It's another easy one right there. Um, just where they can get the product, telling people what you'll do with this product.

So basically I left this up to the creator and just giving them like more options. Cause once they've seen the product, they get to play around a little bit. Like what would they do with it and the hang on the wall, you may have to be specific again.

This is where it leaves some creative freedom. And when you give a creator some freedom, so one thing, like when you're doing your briefs and everything is you want to be more specific and about what you want these people to do. And this is where it becomes very, very, very difficult because you're going to work with some creators that you can be vague and they'll like be very creative and they'll go do some cool stuff.

Like you're going to get your unicorns in that sense right there. And that's what we want. And when you find a unicorn, we actually like to try to bring them in house by just paying a monthly fee.

So we're like, basically on a monthly basis, we'll pay them a thousand dollars a month, for example, and they'll go create one new video a week. Okay. So when you do find your unicorns, when they work well to an ads manager, try to bring those people on a subscription basis and are like a monthly, like a retainer basis.

They still work with other people and stuff like that, but just you're paying them a monthly fee to create content for your brand on a monthly or a weekly basis. So that works really well. Another thing to add to briefs that work really well is also to, to include an example.

So, um, I'm not really sure about below, but I know for a fact, for instance, I can upload video examples and stuff or like links and stuff like that. And I highly recommend going on the Facebook ads library, finding testimonials or finding UGC that you've seen work really well, or just you like, uh, for whatever reason, go ahead, find them on the Facebook ads library and put those in there. And the reason why is because putting those in there will allow the creator to essentially see what you're like, what you want, and they can help model that with including your brief.

So putting that in there will definitely help you out in that perspective and will help you out with more of the, you know, getting a better brief put together. So I hope this kind of helps you guys give you guys a little bit of lead way, a little bit of direction of what you want. I'm still like refining my perfect UGC brief.

So basically the way it works is like my copywriter goes ahead. She writes the brief out, like we're basically like everything we want them to say. Then we break those into scenes.

Um, then from those scenes, we break those, we add some hooks as well inside of there. And then we'll also add like editor notes. So that way we edit the whole thing.

We know exactly what we want the creative to look like. So that's just a few things that I want you guys to take in mind when you're doing your brief. But I guess you could say the biggest thing when preparing these briefs is be specific.

That's the biggest thing I can help you guys out with. Assume the creator knows nothing. So be specific.

If you want B-roll footage of your product, then make sure you specify you want B-roll footage of your product. And then how do you want a closeup of it? A few closeups of the product of it in use.

All right, cool. Put that down. If you want it like laid out on a table and you want some closeup shots of it, cool, put that down.

So that way the creator knows exactly what you're thinking. And sometimes for me, I know at least what helps me a lot is when I go to write a brief, I first just visualize what I want. Okay.

And I just visualize it and then I write it all down. Now I have something in writing of what I want. Now I can start breaking that apart into what like the scenes and then also to into like dimensions of key things that want them to talk about.

So that also helps a lot for me. And just the process of going ahead and setting up that UGC or that brief. Now, so you get that.

Uh, last thing too is how you judge performance. So I see a lot of people in the comments are like billows trash or instance trash. I tried some, I tried some creators from it and to be quite frank, it's not the creators.

It's your ability to pick the creators, your ability to create the brief and your product. So between those three, you have to look at that. Okay.

Now I'm assuming your product already works well, but then there's two other options. There's your ability to create the brief and then your ability to pick creators. So if you pick your creator, like say, for example, we, um, when we pick our initial batch of creators, we try to pitch, pick three widely different creators that fit our persona.

So like if we have like three or four different personas that buy from us, what we'd like to do is we like to try to choose three or four different creators that match those that are very different from each other. So that way we can best like, you know, grab their attention or like best relate to them and stuff like that. So we had a, for one particular brand, we had a product and, um, this product is like a mushroom powder and stuff like that.

It's about as far as I can go into. And we picked three different creators. We picked this one kind of like bougie gym girl, very, you know, pretty attractive things like that to do the UGC content with it.

We picked, um, a guy who actually an ex football player, um, NFL football player. So for America, people football for, you know, I think people outside of America is like soccer or whatever. Long story short, picked him.

And then we, the third person we picked was this, um, younger, like hippie looking girl. Okay. And we ran all three of them on the ads manager and the hippie girl just slaughtered.

I mean, come on, it's a mushroom powder, but we also had professionals taking it for the focus and benefits of it. We also had some girls in there who were very like bougie sophisticated, stuff like that. We just liked the cloud of it and just adding it.

It's like a cool, a Trinity thing to add. So, so it's testing three different angles or three different personas. Now that we found a persona, we can go deeper and testing a lot of different concepts with that persona, that main creator that worked well to further expand, um, our ad angles, add power, and, you know, getting more creatives and stuff like that.

So just to show you guys more of kind of like a decision process of how we go about, you know, using UGC and all that good stuff right there. So, and once you start collecting a bunch of it, start tossing in some, the, what you call it, the, uh, mashups and stuff that works really well. Take variety of different mashups, keep hot points, a variety of different UGC videos, put those in some mashups.

Those work really well from a creative perspective on Facebook as well. So, well guys, thank you all so much for watching the video. That is about it.

Um, I know you'll probably have a lot more questions around this topic. I'll definitely do a part two to this. So drop a comment below.

I can go dive a little bit more deeper into it, but I really appreciate you guys for watching the channel and everything. If you're an econ business or Legion, or even an app installed business, uh, then at least $50,000 per month in revenue, click the link below to a call with me and my team, me and my team will hop on a call at you, build a strategy out for you that you can take and run with it, or you have the option to work with us. If you choose, if you're doing less than $50,000 per month, stick around because I will have a few new offers coming around with consulting and, um, products.

Um, I'm kind of like revamping my consulting offer, or basically just, you pay me hourly and I consult with you and your business and how, how to improve it. And then my course as well, I'm trying to re brand all of that, uh, just to make it more efficient for you guys to be able to access this right now. It's really hard for you guys to access consulting.

And right now it's really hard for you guys, even the course it's not even out yet. So, um, I need to finish putting that together. So, but definitely some new stuff this year that I'm launching to help you guys out.

Cause my whole goal is to help you grow as a marketer and you grow as a marketer and absolutely crush and hit your revenue goals. So thank you guys so much for watching the videos, hit that like button, hit that subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace.