How do you leverage the one campaign CBO strategy for a brand new ad account and brand new product? These are for those people out there who are like, hey, Nick, can I leverage this for a brand new product? Can I leverage this on a brand new ad account?

Yes, you can. The answer is very simple. Okay.

Depending on your product does not matter. You know, depending on a brand new account, that does not matter. You can still run broad.

You can still run one single CBO. I'm going to show you guys today how exactly I would set that up. I have my demo account ready to go.

And I'm going to show you guys a walkthrough inside of Facebook. Okay. Now, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I've done over $50 million in online revenue for my clients.

I run a Facebook ads agency. I also coach and mentor students. You can find both of those links below, you know, for either the agency or mentoring in that case right there.

Now, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's get started. So again, a lot of questions. Hey, Nick, can I leverage this on a brand new ad account and brand new product?

And the answer is yes. It's actually very simple. Okay.

But there's a couple things that we have to look at before we start getting started. Okay. So when you start off with a brand new ad account, brand new product, and brand new website, there's three key variables you have to be looking at.

If your ads don't perform, nothing else will perform. If your landing page sucks, nothing else will perform. If your product sucks, nothing else will perform.

So you have your ads, your product, and your landing page that all play effect on the performance of your business and your ads and stuff like that. Okay. So when it comes down to product page, I highly recommend you look at your top five to 10 competitors and pretty much model their product page.

When it comes down to the product, your product should have some very unique reasons why it's better than your competition. If you have a product that's not as good as your competition, you're going to have bad results. Okay.

So then it's not the ads, it's your product. So make sure your product is better than the competition and make sure your product page consists of everything that, you know, the main key components that your competitors are running. That's going to give you a leg up, but then you have the ad side now.

Okay. Now the ad side is we'll focus on the rest of the video. Okay.

When you get started though, assuming you have all of everything else put together, you going to have to set up a timeframe of which the most time you're willing to spend on this product and the most amount of spin. Okay. So a big problem with the drop shipping space and why I don't like creating videos tailored to that space.

Why I don't like really working with those types of clients is because they focus on quick hit or miss products. Okay. They'll spend 20 bucks on the product.

If it's, if it's winter, they'll move on. The problem and why I hate that so much is because there's so many variables in place to just throw $20 at a product, see if it works and then move on or stay with the product. It's just so bad.

Okay. Why? Because there's over a hundred different variables that can create a better ad or a poor ad just in the ad side right there.

Okay. So what if you're, that was a winning product, but you had a terrible ad. Okay.

That becomes an issue. So in that case right there, that is why I don't like to cater to those people. I like to focus on people who are more, Hey Nick, I launched a brand and we have to make this product work.

Okay. The difference when a brand comes to me and a drop shipper comes to me is that a drop shipper will quickly want to ditch the product and move on to other products. When a brand comes to me, who's like, Hey Nick, we've invested a lot of money in this brand.

We have to make this product work. They're committed to that product for the next, you know, year. Okay.

Whereas the drop shippers like, Hey, if it's not profitable in a week or a day, I'm willing to get out. I don't like working with those type of people. All right.

I just, I can't stand those types of people. Okay. I like to work with brands.

I like to work with people who are building something real and are committed to growing it. And when they're committed to growing it, they always end up growing it. Okay.

So that's why I like working with brands versus drop shippers. Okay. So if you can adapt that mindset that a brand has, you can make a lot of drop shipping products that appear to be failures as winners.

Okay. So if you're just, Hey, I did all the research. I, I, you know, looked at all the competitors and everything like that.

I found my competitive advantage of this particular product. I see the need, I see the mass market desire for it, and we can push forward. That's going to give you a leg up against the competition.

Also built up a website with all the key components of it. That's going to give me a leg up the competition as well. Okay.

Now we can start looking at the ad side. Okay. So when you got that product and that website done correctly, now let's look at the ad side.

One thing that I want you to focus on is that when you look at the ad side, step away from a one week basis, look at a 30, 60 day and 90 day basis. Okay. So if I'm committing to this particular product, then I know that over the next 30 days, I want to break even over the following 30 to 60 days.

I want to do better than break even than from 60 to 90 days. I want to be really profitable. Okay.

That's realistic. Exalt results. You can expect with building a large brand.

Okay. So for the next 30 days, again, we're going to commit to a certain Facebook ads budget that we will 100% spend. Okay.

What do I mean by this? A lot of dropshippers, again, they'll spend 20 bucks. Don't see profits.

They'll jump out or spend 40 bucks, whatever. Okay. What the problem with that is, is it's just quick spending and get out.

Okay. And for us, I always tell people to commit to one certain budget for 30 days. Do not spend less than that, regardless of the results.

And after that, spend more if it's profitable. Okay. So commit to a hundred dollars a day for 30 days.

That's $3,000. You're going to spend over a 30 day period of time. Okay.

You will not spend less than that, regardless of the results. You could literally blow $3,000 and you will not care. That's the goal here.

Okay. Don't want you to blow $3,000, but whatever you spend, have zero emotional attachment. It's going to give you a longer period of time to test ads, to test different improvements with the ads, which are going to give you a higher chance of success versus just testing one or two ads and her been calling it a day.

So now that all that said, I'm going to show you exactly the structure I would set up in the accounts to be able to run that particular strategy. Okay. So first things first, I'm just going to create a new campaign.

I'm also going to assume, and you already got your Cappy set up, you know, your server side integration set up with, uh, you know, Shopify and Facebook. I'm also going to assume, you know, you like domain verification, all that stuff's done. Um, now you're just looking at the structure.

Okay. So again, call your campaign, whatever. Um, I'm just going to call this, you know, prospecting doesn't really matter at all.

Name ad set. Um, so you're going to pick a country here. Okay.

If you're doing product testing, uh, you should know your country that you want to do your product testing in. Don't keep changing country countries. Uh, some of the USA and I'm going to do 18 plus, cause I know this product is 18 plus I'm going to do male plus female as well.

I'm going to do broad targeting. Yes. Broad targeting even works with a brand new ad account and a brand new product.

Okay. AP just means automatic placements. Okay.

I'm going to continue. All right. I'm going to do a manual sales campaign because advantage plus forces best practices.

Well, we're going to do a manual sales campaign because we will be doing best practices. Okay. And best practices for Facebook is going single campaign, single ad sets, um, things like that.

Okay. So inside of here, uh, getting started our campaign prospecting. Now we're going to turn on advantage campaign budget.

Okay. Now we're going to set our daily budget. We can commit to you for 30 days with zero emotional attachment.

Okay. Um, look guys, if you're gonna spend less than $10 a day, just don't even run Facebook ads. Okay.

Um, I highly recommend a hundred dollars a day. All right. That's the sweet spot.

I recommend anything below a hundred dollars today. It's just really hard to really run Facebook ads, honestly. Okay.

Now I have an added credit for this account, but I'm just click not now. And I'm going to go over into our ad set. Okay.

We're using a website, maximum number of conversions. What I like to set. Okay.

Purchase conversion event. Make sure you select your pixel and stuff like that. And yeah, United States 18 plus this all looks good.

I'm going to exclude, I'm just going to exclude purchase 30 days. Okay. Even if you have a brand new account, brand new product, make sure you're optimizing for purchases.

Okay. The way Facebook groups people is they group people by who's going to take expected action and we're going to be good to go. Um, and we want purchases.

Okay. So now what I'm gonna do is, is I'm actually going to delete this ad. Okay.

Just go up here and delete. And you'll see why in a second. All right.

Not now. Service pops up again and I'm just going to hit publish. Okay.

So we basically have a campaign and ad sets and that's it. Okay. All right.

And we're going to go inside of here. All right. There we go.

We have our ad set. Now I'm just going to make one more edit on this. I'm just going to call this main, because this will be our main ad set where we put all of our winning ads at.

Okay. Now what I'm going to do is I'm just going to click on this. I'm going to hit control D to duplicate it and good Lord, stop popping up.

And we're going to create our first dynamic ad set. Now dynamic ad sets where we do to test ads and stuff. So I'm just call this 001 to be our first test.

Okay. Now I'm going to come on and flip on dynamic creative. Okay.

Now I'm going to go ahead up here, action menu, and I'm going to create an ad because we deleted that ad. Okay. So I'm creating an ad.

Okay. Now inside of here, I'm just going to call this 001 dynamic. There we go.

Make sure your pages are select. Just to give you guys a quick little tidbit. Cause I know there'll be a lot of you are going to go try to, you know, quote unquote funnel hack me.

This is a test store right here. We have, we don't really do anything on the store. We spent a couple hundred bucks a day on it.

It's not profitable or it's barely profitable. Yeah. So the stuff we do on this take with a grain of salt.

All right, cool. So now we're going to just going to select our videos. Now the key thing here is that you can do photos or videos.

It doesn't matter. Okay. We'll, we'll try to set up one of each.

So I have three videos right here. Okay. Now the key thing with these three videos is that they're only separated by one specific variable.

And we'll show you that in a second. Let me go ahead and open up this really quick and just get you guys to URL for this. There we go.

Call to action shop now. And where's our shop now? Shop now, shop now, shop now, shop now.

There we go. And select a domain. There we go.

So that's where you got to make sure your domain is verified right there. Okay. Now here's where I would add in our texts.

Now, again, I always recommend two things of texts, one best performing texts and one new texts. If you're just starting off, you don't have any best performing texts yet. So I would just do new texts number one and then boom, boom, boom, new texts number two.

Okay. And then same thing for headline, new headline number one and new headline number two. Okay.

Boom. All right. Doesn't matter.

Okay. So because again, you don't have any best performers shots. All right.

Now, another key thing here is that you're only going to upload three creatives. Okay. These three creatives need to be photos or videos.

Do not include three videos, like two photos and a video in the same ad set for testing. Okay. Your main ad set, you can put, you know, a mixture of winning videos and photos in there, but for testing, for example, for this right here, they're only split by one variable.

The variable on here is the visual hook. I mean, the text hook. Okay.

It's the same video three times, just a different text hook each time. Okay. So this one, different text hook, then this one, there we go.

How do I see my partner off the feet? Then this one. Okay.

So you're going to upload three creatives, three photos or three videos. Do not include more than three. And you're going to change one variable.

Okay. This is the one variable difference of just a text hook. Okay.

I could also do a one variable difference of a visual hook to where they're all going to have the same text hook, just a different visual hook on each. Okay. Another variable could be call to action.

They're all going to have the same. It's going to be the same video three times, just with a different call to action at the end. It can be the same video three times, except a different girl for each video, one variable change, regardless if it's a video or a photo.

Okay. And you only include three, three creatives in here. And you only do three videos or three photos per ad set for dynamic creative tests.

Okay. So what we want to do here is want to figure out what works now. Now that we got all this off, uh, turn, um, set up, make sure you turn off optimize creative for each person.

I just like that off. And then you'll hit publish. Okay.

Okay, cool. Now that that's published right there, we're going to go back to our campaigns and I'm just going to go to the prospecting. All right, cool.

Now I'm going to show you guys again, a photo version as well for y'all with photos. Not now I'm just going to duplicate that. I'm going to call this Oh Oh two.

All right. There we go. All right.

I'm going to delete these and just add in a photo. There we go. And then again, three photos, just one variable difference.

Okay. So I actually have some in here. Let's take a look really quick.

Okay. So I have these three right here. Let's do these three.

Okay. So again, these three same photo three times, just a different crazy background. This is, this is when you just get to the point of, Hey, you've been using the same image for three years now because the client doesn't send you any new content and you're just trying to do the craziest shit like alien abducting a cow, not something I recommend.

But when you're at a point where you literally have no new content and you're trying whatever, anything, you don't give a fuck anymore and you're just trying whatever. And this is what that looks like. So just full transparency.

This is why we typically, you know, fire clients who don't send us new content on a weekly basis. And that's why we use this account now purely as a demo account for YouTube videos, just because there's literally no new content from this particular client. So that's why, yeah, we require all of our clients to send us new content on a weekly basis with their product.

But yeah, so that's pretty much it. So this is how you do a photo one. Again, you do your one new text, one new or two new texts, two new headlines, assuming you don't have any winning copies yet and hit publish.

Okay. Now, what you want to do here is you want to look at a couple of different things. Okay.

So what's ultimately going to happen here now, and you have two DCT set up. I like to set up two to three new DCTs a week. It really just depends on budget.

But two to three are pretty good. So you could set up two DCTs today. Let this run for three days.

Okay. Now over these next three days, one of these DCTs are going to get more spin than the other. That's perfectly fine because the only variable difference here is the creative.

They're both targeting the same people, both targeting all, you know, all that good stuff. Okay. Only difference is the creative.

Okay. So let's say if zero two right here takes off and does really well over the next three days, that's good. We can just leave it on.

Okay. Let's say if zero one does horribly, we're going to turn off zero one. Okay.

Again, let it run for three days without touching. All right. Now, what we want to do here is we want to pull the winning ads from zero two.

Okay. A couple ways to do that is you can do a breakdown right here and do like image, you know, and see which image works the best, which text all that work best. And then the second way to do it the way I like to do it is go ahead and pull the post ID from there.

And what's going to do is when you preview and see Facebook posts with comments, Facebook is going to show the, um, the winning ads in order based off of spin. Okay. So let's go here.

Boom. Let's just say, for example, this is the winning ad. There's no way it had enough time to spin.

So it's just, uh, you know, whatever, but sometimes you have to click this a few times, just the little timestamp right there to where you can get the post ID, which is this right here. Okay. There we go.

I'm going to come back to campaigns. I'm going to go back to my prospecting, go to my main ad set. Now I'm going to add in the winning ads.

So let me just make sure I click on my thing, dah, dah, dah, main, and then winning ad number one. There we go. Continue.

There we go. Then I'm just going to go over to use existing post, enter post ID, and then paste that in. There we go.

And that's how we brought in a winning ad. Now what we can do here is because we now have, let's see, we just review and publish all this really quick. All right, cool.

So now that we have a winning ad inside, two things are going to happen. Okay. First things first is now we can actually finally start spending on this ad set.

And then O2 right here, we can still leave it on because it's getting you performance. So I'll only turn off O2 when that ad I pulled from that dynamic ad set is doing well in our main ad set. Okay.

Now, next thing is we only have one DCT running now. Now we can launch a second one. You always max of two DCTs at a time.

Okay. So now we can launch another dynamic creative test. So this will be literally, you know, zero zero three, just to show you guys really quick.

Boom. And then we can go ahead and add in zero zero three. Okay.

Now the cool thing is, is now you have a winning headline in text, so we can add in one of those in here. Okay. So boom.

And then winning headline. All right. Cause we found a winner.

Okay. Now, dah, dah, dah, dah, I can remove this. And then I don't know, let's just go see if I can find three more videos.

Um, okay, cool. Three new videos. There we go.

All right. So just add in three new videos. Again, one variable difference.

I'm not sure if these are one variable difference. So there we go. Dah, dah, dah, dah.

Let's just show you guys these really quick. Yeah. So these, these weren't set up correctly.

So I'm going to fire my media bar now and my visual creator, but you get the point. Um, so like these three right here would all have, you know, for example, this girl for all the intros or in different texts or this same text right here in a different girl in this kind of similar like position for all three right there. Okay.

So now I would have three new videos. I would launch this. Dah, dah, dah.

And now I'm on my third DCT test. Okay. Now again, you're going to do this for 30 days.

You're going to keep testing DCTs with very different ad concepts. Okay. Don't just keep making the same iteration over and over and over.

Okay. Um, so, you know, here's three and like, let's say for example, if we know that this one, one right here, it's going to our main main really quick. You know, if I know that this one, one right here, I'm not just going to keep creating images with cows floating like this.

Okay. I'm going to try to keep testing new concepts over that 30 day basis, variety of different new concepts, which is going to give me the best possible chance of making this ad work, which is the goal here. Okay.

Or this product in this brand work. That's the objective here. Okay.

So just keep testing. And that's going to give you that performance that you want. And then after 30 days, you, you know, you spent your total budget, you expect it.

And you're like, Hey, this did not work. All right. I didn't find any new winning ads.

That's when I would do two things. One, I would either spend for another 30 days. And let's say, for example, I didn't find any new winning ads, but I know that this ad performed the best right here.

Okay. Let's just say this one performed the best, not necessarily profitable, but the best out of all of them. I would leave this one for another 30 days and don't touch the ad account and just keep spending on a consistent basis.

Okay. Then what I would do for the next 30 days is I would focus purely on website enhancements. Okay.

How can we make the product page better? Okay. More information to the product page, better product photography, answering questions, more social proof, better articulating the product.

I would just focus on 30 days of product page testing. Okay. Then after 60 days, it's like, all right, we did everything we could to the ads.

We did everything we could to the product page. You know, now it's like, do we want to continue on with this product or not? Okay.

You know, wasted 60 days of this time. We tested everything. That's also assuming you're taking it from a good creative test standpoint where you're getting content from creators and you're actually putting the effort in.

Then that's where it becomes a side. If we want to hang up the product, um, or, you know, work with an expert like me, get some extra advice and stuff like that. Um, you know, get an extra like opinion in that case right there, or just move on to the next product, but this will give you a truly yes or no.

So what's going to also going to do, it's going to limit the amount of products you want to test and brands you want to create. Cause now you're like a little bit more cautious about what you're working on and what you want to leverage. So, but yeah, guys, hope this video helped.

I'm sure there's some comments to drop them below. Happy to help you out, but make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank y'all for watching.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.