This is the method that we use to scale Facebook ads in 2023. We spend probably roughly about a million dollars per month on Facebook ads. And this is the exact method we use to scale Facebook ad accounts, you know, over the course of 10 very different industries, very different products, e-com, legion, app installs, all of that.

We're probably dominant about our portfolio is probably dominant about 60% e-com specifically. And in this particular case, you know, we use it for all e-com, legion, app installs, stuff like that. So, but look, if you're questioning why you should be listening to me, my name is Nick Theriault.

I've done over $70 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. I run a Facebook ads agency and also coach and mentor students. So if you want more information on either one of those two, click the links below in the description box.

Now, before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into the video. All right.

Proven method to scale Facebook ads in 2023. And just to show you guys, I mean, just some of the results we've got just in June this month. Yeah, it's June 29th.

I'm filming this. This is one of our stores right here, a men's clothing brand, another store right here that is a supplement brand. It's about $262,000 this month, $915,000 this month.

Let's say lead generation clients. We basically make about a five extra return on that $233,000 we spent. So, you know, somewhere around a million dollars as well for that cost per lead, about $31.

Overall cost per lead target is like 35. So we're actually doing very good on this particular account right there as well. So yeah, just wanted to show you guys that like what we do here, what I show you guys on this videos is exactly like, you know, we actually do exactly this and take action on it.

So step number one is you need to know your target in CCPA. Now, Nick, how do I figure that out? Well, if you go right here to this video, how to calculate your target CPA, I give you literally this whole entire sheet for free.

Yes, for free. You don't have to buy anything. Just click the link, get the sheet.

Cool. You can fill it out yourself now. All right.

So you need to go through this whole sheet. This is one from our clients, or from one of our clients. And we're going to go through that whole thing now.

So you're going to fill out your AOV, whatever your AOV was over the last three months, your cost of goods. What is your average cost of goods per AOV? And if you know something where it's like, Hey, 19% of my AOV is cost of goods and 17% of my AOV is shipping and handling, then just do the math and type out whatever numerical number that is right here.

So then we're going to have a land that costs $23 per AOV, gross profit per AOV, about $44, gross margin, 65%, breakeven CPA, $44.24. And then initiated initial calculated breakeven ROAS about 1.54. And this is actually 84,000.

And yeah. And then next thing you want to do is type in your three month LTV. So I like to, I'm using triple well for all of this.

I, that's what I like is triple well. You can find all these numbers out in triple well relatively easy. Just look at the last 90 days and see what your lifetime value is.

Type that in there. And then also to in triple well, if you look at the last 90 days on your summary dashboard, you can see your NC ROAS type that in 1.42. And then just take your ad spin between Facebook, Google, like all your channels over the last three months and average out to whatever that is.

And it comes up to $84,000 per month that we're spending between all those platforms right there. Now what this is going to do right here is this is going to give you kind of like what you're currently at now. NC ROAS 1.42 ad spin assumption $84,000.

And based off these current numbers right here, we're losing the client negative $6,000 a month. So we're actually costing the client $6,000 per month. Oh my God, Nick, that's terrible.

What the fuck are you doing? And we're spending $84,000. Oh my God, that's horrendous.

And also to not even counting our, you know, what? Five figure agency fee on this. I mean, this is, you know, we're easily costing this client almost $20,000 a month and not profit.

So why, why can we build like that? And that's why I make you guys do this first because every business has different objectives and every business has different, I would say, uh, like goals with the business. And this particular business is trying to scale as aggressively as possible.

And they are reinvesting every little bit of profit back into the business. So they're scaling at breakeven on Facebook ads, but due to their three month LTV, they're making another $24,000 in profit. So they lose $6,000 on month one, but over month two and three, they make $24,000 total between that 60 day period in profit because of the LTV.

And because we've been in business for what? Almost two years coming up with our partnership together, that this has been compounding to where they're making, you know, 40, $50,000 a month and they're returning customer profit and they can afford to lose on month one. And that's why they've been able to scale really fricking fast.

Now, some of you guys might not be in that situation and that's a whole nother video, but we need to focus here. So the goal here is to find your NCCPA. So this is, this is right here's, is ours, $47 and 89 cents.

This is the current NCCPA that we're scaling at. Now that's good with us. Now for you, you might want a different NCCPA.

And to determine what that NCCPA is, is that you need to look at your profits. So this is kind of like, what do you want to make with the business on a monthly basis? Now, probably about 90% of you guys watching this channel probably don't have LTV yet in your business.

That's okay. You can work towards it, but right now I'm just going to assume you have no LTV and it's just literally like ad spin AOV and that's it. So let's say for example, if this particular client right here wanted to make 10K a month in profits.

Well, one way we could do that is literally spend $80,000 at, you know, a 1.75 in C ROAS and make them 10K a month in profit. Let's see. Another way we could do it just probably like a three X at, I don't know, maybe $30,000.

Oh, that's actually more. So maybe $20,000. Oh, maybe $10,000.

All right, cool. So we could also do a three X of $10,000 and that's going to be about a $22 NCCPA is about $38 NCCPA. Maybe another way is a four X at $5,000 or 4,000.

I'll try 4,000. Oh, no, probably a little bit more. Maybe 5,000.

Oh, no. I am just terrible at math today. 69, 99, 99.

All right. So look, there's a couple different ways we could hit 10K a month in profits. And that's like, there's no wrong way.

As long as we hit 10K a month in profit, that's great. But here's the key thing here is that there's a couple things you need to take into account. So we've been working on this account for a year and a half now, two years almost.

And for us personally, yeah, if we would spend $10,000, we'd make about, you know, on a three X row as that'd be all right. But we also have seen it's really not the greatest. Like it really hasn't performed that well.

And then also too, we're only acquiring 441 customers to the business. While right now we're acquiring 1,754 customers to the business. So we can acquire significantly more customers.

Yes, we'll be less profitable in month one, but we'll be more profitable in month three. Now, obviously this is not significant difference, but this is also too, as the next couple months go on, these customers are going to keep buying from us. And I'd rather a thousand customers keep buying from us over the next, I don't know, let's just say 12 months versus 441 customers.

Cause we know they're going to decay over time and they're going to be lost and stuff like that. So, and again, I'm trying not to go off too much of a tangent here because I'm trying to show you guys how to scale Facebook ads. But a lot of people who I've showed this calculator to have been like, what, how do I use it?

So long story short, figure out your spin, figure out your row S, you know, your NC row S, and that's going to give you NCCPA, whatever your NCCPA is, this is what we are going to scale by. So I'm slowly fading away. All of our clients away from, you know, NC row S, you know, and we're literally looking just at NCCPA because that's what matters.

Cause it's a lot easier to look at NCCPA and the effect that has on the business versus row S because quite frankly, this doesn't tell the full story. And the reason why it's NC row S is because NC is new customer, just row S takes an account returning and new customers. We only want new customers because then we can actually plot their journey for the business.

We look at overall row S we don't know which percentage of that was returning customers, which was likely, you know, came in from, I don't know, email marketing campaigns, uh, like SMS blasts and stuff like that. And maybe a particular Facebook ad itself is just really good at acquiring existing customers. And we want more new customers.

So all things we got to take into account, but long story short, plan all this out, pick a spin plan that allows you to hit the monthly profit you want to make. And then you, you set that plan, you go for it. So we do this with our clients all the time.

When they come on board, we'll pick a spin plan. I like to be realistic too, like three X and four X on this account. Cool.

But it's not really going to move the needle. Like we want for the longterm of this business of trying to hit, because we're trying to acquire 10,000 customers. Um, uh, uh, not a month, but like we want 10,000 active customers a month on our subscription because it's a, um, subscribe and save type of product.

So people have the option to purchase once or subscribe and save. And, uh, one of our first objectives right now is to acquire as many customers as possible right now, as fast as possible. So that way we have a ton of customers to potentially get on our subscribe and save.

And we're building up that subscribe and save from there. So this really wouldn't meet our spend plan right here. Cause it's going to take significantly longer to acquire those customers.

And we're trying to be a dominant leader in the market. Uh, so we're trying to acquire as many customers as possible as well. So figure out your NCCPA.

So let's just say we commit to this. Then that means we have a $38 NCCPA need to commit to now. Step number two, ad account simplification.

I'm not going to go into it completely here because that's another like 20 minute long video, but simplify your ad account, one campaign, uh, one CBO campaign per country and business objective. Nick, what is a business objective? Well, let's say you have a women's line and a men's line.

I'll have a business objective to grow the men's line and a business objective to grow the women's line. Cool. Done.

Move on. Um, full video on that right here, how that's set up in case you're someone who hasn't watched my videos yet before you're a new customer. Watch this video right here.

You can go over it literally step-by-step while I'm in the ad account to set all that up. Now, step number three, go into triple L we're using triple L. So I'm going to assume you are too.

Go to triple L and just pull up your main dashboard. And you're going to look at the last three day average NCCPA. So today's the 29th, Thursday, the 29th, you know, fun fact, the film, all my videos on Thursdays at 1 PM central time.

That's when I, that's when I do my YouTube videos every week. It's on my calendar. But yeah, today's Thursday to 29th.

So guess what? I'm looking at the last three day average. I'm taking 26 through the 28th.

I'm selecting it to give me my three day average. This is the three day average. All right.

NCCPA $54 and four cents. And we did a total of $32,000 in sales, 9900 on ads and about AOV about $68. Literally all of this does not make, I do not care about any of this, but the $54 and four cents NCCPA.

Now what will we do? If NCCPA is above our target NCCPA, we're going to scale down by 20%. Again, if NCCPA is above, so if our target's $40, we're going to get $55.

It's above. We're going to scale down. If NCCPA is below target or at again, so we have a $40 NCCPA and our target's $40, we'll scale up by 20%.

If it's at $39, we'll also scale up by 20%. Very simple. And what we'll do is step number three.

I'm actually showing you guys last three day NCCPA goes $54 and four cents. I'm showing you guys right here. And our target NCCPA is $47 and 89 cents.

Ah, okay. So in this particular scenario, we're going to scale down budget by 20%. So I'm just going to go in the ad account right here and I'm going to decrease budget by 20%.

Again, 90% of you guys probably only gonna have one campaign. Uh, you know, if you are in multiple different countries, just split it up by country from there. That's all you got to do.

So go look at the NCCPA for like this country and CCPA for this country. And you can just split it up like that. But you know, all you do because you're doing ad account simplification, you have one budget, just decrease it by 20%.

Very simple. Now other comments, cause that's it. That's all we do.

Do this every day based off the last three day average. Again, we do this once a day. I don't care what time to be honest.

It just depends when I get out of bed and walk to my computer and do it. Some days is right in the morning. Some days is later in the afternoon.

I don't care because I'm basing it off the last three days. I'm basing it off today. We never make adjustments upon the current day.

So like, I never look at today's performance, like looking at today's performance, I just never do. It's just, it's pointless. It does not tell me anything because one, the day is still going.

And two, how do I make a decision based off just a few hours performance? I just, I can't, I like the last three days. Facebook is never consistently the same.

That's why you need to go to a three day, sometimes even a seven day window. Only time I ever require seven day is if it's like a super long sales process, but 90% of you guys, three days. Perfect.

Now, the only time I would ever make an adjustment on day, like one is if I take a look at the ad account and like I spent maybe like 20 X or 10 X my target CPA. And I don't have a single sell yet in the account. That's where it becomes an issue.

You know, I've spent a big sane amount of budget and like no cells are coming in. Then like clearly there's something broken and then you go dig deeper. But again, that's, I've never had to do that yet.

And I've been running accounts like this now since January of 2022. And next thing is it's important to have consolidated ad accounts. There's fewer CBO budgets to adjust.

So for this account right here, we have a triple well for each country because we have a Shopify for each country and same store, same products just for each country. So it's easy for me just to come in and then boom. But because we're in these different countries, like there's no point of consolidating CBOs because of each country has their own types of creatives, copies.

Each country has their own cultural values and stuff like that conversion rates and stuff like that. So for us in this case right here, uh, it's, you know, no big deal. Now, if you have five or like three products on your store, and then you have three campaigns for each product in your store, all targeting the USA, that's where it becomes pointless.

Or if you have ABO and CBO and look like some big gaps, all like these different campaigns, I guess where it's, it's fucking useless. So don't do that. All right.

Now, because I always like to over deliver to you guys, also, we can give you guys a couple other things that's substantially improved. Uh, I would say performance for some of our accounts. I even give you guys some scenarios as well.

Um, so step number four, this is the advances for your advanced guys. Uh, you need to connect to a more powerful desire across your market. So let's say you're scaling your Facebook ads.

You're doing the budget up and down, up and down, but you just, you still can't quite break past the barrier. That's where we're going to focus on now. So you need to connect to a more powerful desire across your markets.

We had this one brand. This is when I first discovered desire, uh, back in 2020, uh, was, you know, stuck at like a thousand dollars a day in revenue. It's running ads for like 60 days and stuff like that.

And ultimately we got to a point where like, I just couldn't find anything. So I looked at the product and I changed the desire of the product. So again, desire is what people want.

So I basically said, Hey, if you want this, you need our product. And I just completely changed what people want. I called out a new desire, a new want across your market through market research.

I found a new one and we sell it to 1k a day to 5k a day in revenue by simply calling out new desire. We had another one of our products, our form of our clients literally like $250 a day to a thousand dollars a day and profits by simply calling out a different desire across the market. Very powerful.

So just call out a different desire. Now, again, you might call out one that doesn't work. And then you're gonna immediately think, Oh, the desires calling out desires didn't work.

No, you probably did poor research or B go test more. Very simple. Now step number five is you need to open up to a higher level of market awareness.

If you first I'm hearing market awareness, just search up my YouTube channel. Plenty of videos around market awareness and working with one of our accounts last year, we spent $4.5 million. Keep that in mind in this account and midway during the year, we spent about 2.25 million.

And we got to a point where like, you know, CPL cost per lead kept rising and we just really struggling to figure out how to, how to break it so we can scale up more. And ultimately it came down to opening up a new level of market awareness. We were sitting at a problem where market for six months, we kept testing hundreds of ads and that, and we pretty much exhausted the problem where market.

So ultimately we need to do is we need to go to either a higher level or a lower level and test both. But for me, went higher level and ultimately when we cracked that higher level, it substantially dropped CPL and allowed us to spend more. So we went from unaware or I mean, problem where it's unaware.

And, uh, yeah, so just open up a different level of higher level or open up a different level of market awareness. Again, do the research and stuff like that and figure out what that is for you and then go for it. Now, step number six.

I look, I drilled you guys hard in my video recently. I posted $1 million in 30 days, uh, with Facebook ads. Uh, but look, you can't scale a terrible product.

If you know, if you came to me and you're like, Nick, I'm selling the iPhone four, I'm trying to scale it in 2023, I would laugh at you. I would block you. And I would never, ever talk to you again because just what, you know, you need a superior product.

You need to have a better product than your competition. Go look at all the problems with their products based upon the customer reviews and everything like that, build a better product and then scale that be the obvious choice. And then lastly, step number seven is make your business less reliant on Facebook.

So what do I mean by that is this is a perfect example right here. If we had to be, you know, for example, for this business, if we had to be profitable on day one, you know, it'd be a lot more harder for this business, but luckily we don't because we have a really good LTV. Now, again, don't get me wrong.

We started at a three X with 10 K a day. We started at this, but then we moved to this because it fits our business goals better because we require significantly more customers to the business. And this took us like about a year to go from.

So it definitely wasn't something overnight, but we made the business less reliant on Facebook. We don't necessarily need Facebook to be performing like dictating our performance every day. I've seen this a lot of a lot of stores where like they're fully reliant on Facebook, like a hundred percent of their customers coming from Facebook every day.

And if Facebook has a small fluctuation, their whole business has a fluctuation. So you need to improve that customer journey and have people coming back to the business and purchasing from you and having a really high customer repeat rate like this. So that way, every day you're getting revenue from Facebook, but you're also getting a lot of revenue from existing customers coming in super important.

So that's also another huge thing for you. Because what happens is you can lower that or raise that NCCPA that you can afford for your business. Because at the end of the day, the person that can spend the most on our customer for their business always wins.

That's also why you're willing to have a higher NCCPA because you're willing to spend more to acquire a customer for your business. So yeah, guys, hope this video helped out. This is just a few things that's helped us.

We leverage this across every one of our businesses we work on and hope you guys take some value from it. Make sure to like button, hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday and hope to see you guys what next week, whatever. See you, whatever.

Peace. Take care.