All right, this is Q4 Facebook ad hooks that print money. When I mean by print money, as in they work exceptionally well. These can be laid on videos for like the first three seconds of the video, have the person say it or voiceover or just on the screen.

I can also put these on photos as well. So, you know, without further ado, let's look at Q4 Facebook ads that print money and specifically the hooks. Q4 Facebook ad hooks that print money.

It's going to be a very short, very quick video. I'll just give you guys some quick little, you know, I guess you could say value today. Nothing crazy that you can, you know, just take and go copy and paste essentially.

So first things first is urgency based. So looking for the perfect gift, last minute gift ideas that ship super fast, running out of gift ideas, stop scrolling if you want a great gift idea. Next one is specific, you know, recipients, recipients.

I cannot talk today. The perfect gift for mom. You can change this up as well.

It can be a perfect gift for mom, perfect gift for son, perfect gift for daughter. You know, you can change it up, you know, a lot of different ways. The most memorable gift for mom.

You can also change it from perfect to like memorable or something like that. Next one is the perfect gift from husband to wife. Again, you can change this as well.

Perfect gift from husband to wife. Most memorable gift from husband to wife. The most loving gift from husband to wife.

Most loving gift from wife to husband. The most loving gift from wife to wife. Again, just whatever you want specifically in there.

Next one is emotion-based here where give a sentimental gift to those you love. Give a memorable gift to those you love. Give a loving gift to those you love.

You can even go create the opposite. Give a loving gift to those you hate. I don't know.

You can change love up as well. Give a sentimental gift to those you cherish. Other things you can say as well in there.

Delight your loved ones with a gift they will treasure for years. Delight your friends with a gift they'll love for months. So you can change loved ones, treasure, and then that time period right there as well.

Surprise your loved ones with a gift they'll treasure for years. Also something else you can say. Next one is I've never seen my kids so happy.

I've never seen my girlfriend so happy. I've never seen my brother so happy. Things like that.

I surprise them with this and then the gift itself. The perfect sentimental gift. Again, you know, perfect loving gift.

The perfect crazy gift. Yada, yada, yada. Imagine her reaction.

Imagine his reaction. Two different ways you can go about it. Just imagine a smile on her face when she sees this ring.

You can also give things like a funny product. Just imagine the laughter. You know, just imagine the laughs they'll have when they see this product.

Something like that right there. Next one is just general gift ideas. Top shopping finds.

Stocking stuffer gift ideas. Best gifting website ever. Discover the perfect gift for her.

Again, him, her friend, boyfriend, etc. Gifts unlike any other. The most incredible holiday gift.

The perfect Christmas gift does exist. Does exist. Key thing.

Now, last two are self-gifting. Treat yourself to a new pair of jeans. And then you deserve to treat yourself queen.

You could say a couple different ways. You deserve to treat yourself queen. You deserve to treat yourself king.

Something like that. So even mom. Something like that.

Mother. Another like rock you can go. So yeah, these are all Q4 ad hooks.

That's worked really well for us. Give these a try and let me know results. I've seen mixed results with all of them.

But these are all the types of things that you pretty much want to test from October 1st through January 1st. Through these holidays with gifting and everything like that. That could work really well for you guys.

So if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you're interested in working with the agency, click the link below to have Nickterio run your ads.

Or have Nickterio mentor you. And, you know, love to help you guys out. Take care.

Peace out.