What's going on guys, welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today I want to go over a little kind of market research hack that you can use something recently that's been helping out for just our market research.

Again, just one of those tools you can put in your tool chest when you're doing market research and things like that. So if you're questioning why I'm incredible to be teaching these types of things, well, I own a Facebook ads agency, I coach and mentor students, and I've also done over $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads for our clients. So before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Let's dive into the video. So we're going to start off on amazon.com because why the hell not? So on Amazon, there's this new tool that I found, it's a ChatGPT tool.

So forever those that, you know, love it or hate it or not, but it's called Shulix, S-H-U-L-I-X. And no, I'm not sponsored at all. I'll literally like just go search on Google and have fun.

No affiliate links or anything like that. But cool thing about Shulix is that if you go on Amazon, it basically kind of does summaries of all of the reviews and pulls some of your customer data from those reviews. So let's say I'm advertising for a pillow.

We're introducing a new type of pillow on the market. And we want to do some research around pillows in the market because if you're advertising a pillow, you need to become a pillow, you know, basically genius. You need to know everything about pillows.

You need to know the different types of pillows. You need to know the different types of mechanisms. You need to know everything about the pillow market.

If you are advertising for pillows and regardless of your product, just swap your product out, something different. And there you go. So what I like to do if I am advertising for a pillow company is I'm gonna go on Amazon.

Again, that's just one of my outlets. And I'm gonna go ahead and start looking at some of these pillows. Now I'm gonna look at some extensive higher-end ones like $72.

But I'm also gonna look at some of the basic ones because we're probably gonna have a lot of people that purchase the basic ones. We also see this one right here. Golly, this one is 227,000 people, 20K bought the last month.

It's a good one. Let's just click on that one. So we wanna look at is I'm more concerned about the ratings because if we're advertising pillows, pillows are a very sophisticated market.

Like you already know, like the product, the market awareness for pillows is already product aware. People already know about pillows. So we can either prove our superiority how we have a better pillow and that's it.

I mean, that's what you do at a product wear department. We market, you wanna prove your superiority. How do we have a better pillow?

So every ad we create, we need to showcase how we have a better pillow because we don't need to showcase people like the solution of wanting a pillow or the problem of wanting a pillow. Like that's just like, we already know what a pillow is. We already, we're product aware to it.

So in a market like this, again, we need to keep focusing on how we have a better pillow. So one of the ways I like to do customer research is first figure out all of the bad reviews and the good reviews. But I'm more interested in the bad reviews.

I really wanna understand what problems people are having with pillows. Why? Because this is gonna give me the fuel, the ammunition that I can counter with my pillow.

So this is where SheLix really comes in handy because one, I can just go click on these 220,000 reviews and click on the one star and I can go and read all of these one star reviews and it's gonna take me a lot of time. Now I do still encourage that, don't get me wrong, but there's also some tools that we can leverage to help improve this. So like SheLix, for example, let's, I don't know what just happened.

SheLix for ChatGPT for Amazon, all I'm gonna do is click on the review analysis. Now what's gonna happen here is that it's gonna give me a lot of things. It's going to, first off, it's gonna tell me the customer profile.

Well, it's not gonna show that to me right now, but it's, I don't really care about that completely. But the usage scenario, the customer expectations, the purchase motivations, the cons and the pros, these are more things I'm keen to understand. So in here, let's look at the usage scenario.

It's gonna show me a little bit more about kind of what people are buying this for in a way, or kind of like how people are using the product. Well, side sleepers, back sleepers, stomach sleepers, sleeping position, travel. Some of these might become redundant over each other, like kind of the same thing.

So like sleeping positions in general versus stomach sleepers, back sleepers, side sleepers, they're all sleeping positions. So works well for side sleepers, not suitable for, works well for side sleepers, not suitable for side sleepers, suitable for people who sleep on their side, provides good support for side sleepers, good for side sleepers. Okay.

So in general, like side sleepers, pretty decent. These are pretty good. So this can give you a little bit more insight, maybe from a creative analysis right there too, for the types of positions we need to show in our creatives.

But then on the pro side right here, is something else we're looking for. So comfort, comfort was one of the biggest reasons why they love this pillow. So that's also showing me that people are kind of looking for comfort when purchasing this pillow.

They want comfort from these pillows. How's it feeling? The pillows are comfortable and supportive, soft and fluffy, good support, provides softness and support, soft and comfortable.

Sleep one, again, these are not perfect sentences here. This is just AI that sums up all of the, like basically takes all the reviews and pulls out the commonalities within all those reviews. Cooling remains cool throughout the night.

Cooling effect works well, keeps cool during sleep. Gel cooling technology keeps the head cool, comfortable customers. Okay, great.

That's good. So we know people want comfort, people like the cooling, people want like, you know, want the support, stuff like that. But then there's the cons.

And this is where it really interests me. All right, why? Because again, we need to prove our superiority in the marketplace as a pillow company.

And we can see right here that some of the biggest cons with this pillow is that pillows go flat easily and do not provide enough support for neck and head. Not good for side sleepers. Pillows flat easily and lack support.

Too flat, no support. Poor quality, lumpy and uncomfortable compared to previous purchases. So we know for a fact that flat easily, not provide enough support, not good for side sleepers.

And yeah, because this is pretty much the same thing. So basically about 47% of reviews is it goes flat easily and lack support. So we know that if we introduce a pillow to the marketplace, we need to call out the problems with other pillows going flat easily or calling out the problems of other pillows, not providing enough support.

And we need to introduce a new mechanism that's going to give them hope again. So, you know, hey, yes, like, you know, tired of pillows going flat easily. Well, here's our new pillow with anti-flat technology.

What does this is? And it kind of showcases how it works and how the pillow will never go flat because of this. Now we're introducing a new mechanism.

We're giving people hope again. And yeah, so like, that's just something I want to show you guys. You can also see right there, that's kind of like the market awareness, obviously is product wear because it's pillows.

Like everyone knows what a pillow is. And then the desire, well, if we're seeing right, if we're going after some of these things right here, well, this shows me that desire is for a pillow that doesn't go flat. So I'm kind of countering, like taking the negative review and looking at what's the desire of finish review.

If these people are telling me that their pillows go flat easily, does not provide enough support and for naked eye are not good for sleepers. Well, what do they want? They want a pillow that doesn't go flat easily.

They want a pillow that provides enough support. They want a pillow that's good for side sleepers. Now, contrary for the comfort side, they want a pillow that's comfortable.

They want a pillow that's soft and fluffy. So this is also telling me a few other key words right there. We also need to hit on.

Hey, our pillow doesn't go flat easily due to this technology. It's also super comfortable and super fluffy. You'll love it.

Remains cool throughout the night. So yeah, again, nothing too crazy, but I just want to show that to you guys because this is going to help you a lot with like, especially like in your creatives and stuff like that. If you're building ads and, you know, don't just go neck pain question mark and then show a person with neck pain and then show your pillow.

Well, it doesn't really fully solve it. So how's our pillow different? Call off the problems with other pillows and prove our superiority.

That's the key thing here. All right. So we were going to completely do another one, but it's just completely taken way too long and I'm running out of memory on my camera here.

So let's do something else. And that is actually to look at the reviews itself. So on top of all of this, of understanding the negatives and the pros and the cons of the pillow using a chat GPT tool, the other alternative is not the fun route and that's reading through reviews.

Again, I really like to go off their one-star reviews first because that's going to tell me a lot about like what are the main problems with these pillows that people are hating? Because if they're leaving a one-star review, then like obviously there's a problem. And ultimately you just want to read these and what you want to do is go through all of them and write down on your notepad, all the cons, all the pros.

And every time you see a con repeat itself. So maybe like this person says something about how it's not good quality. Then you scroll down and another person says, it's not good quality.

Well, don't just write no quality again. Just put a strike by it, like a little, you know, check mark by it. You know, we just keep making ticks by it.

And that way you can see that, hey, you know, flat pillow is got like 20 clicks or 20 little tick marks by your pin. You know, that's kind of like one of the main problems with these pillows. And you need to call up those pillows, those problems with those pillows in the ad and showcase it right away.

Like right away, tired of flat pillows, introducing our pillow with anti-flat technology, showcase with the technology, showcase how super comfortable is and showcase how it's super fluffy. And you're going to sleep all night in the most supportive way possible. So very simpler.

So again, just a quick little simple market research hack. I wanted to show you guys one of the different ways we research. This is just one of the tools in our ice chest.

You know, we don't just do this one particular way. It's just one of the many ways that we do. And I want to articulate to you guys, help you guys out with your market research.

So thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I hope you guys have a great rest of your day.

Peace.