Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for y'all.

We're going to go through the June 2021 ad review. So this is basically me something I'm going to do every month, once a month where I screenshot a ton of ads throughout the month. And I literally just do a video at the end of the month showcasing all of the ads I screenshot.

These are not brands I run or anything like that. These are simply just ads I see online, I screenshot and want to share with you guys. It's kind of like a review, inspiration, all that good stuff.

With that being said, before we get started, make sure the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's get started guys. So I'm sitting down right now, got my laptop in front of me, got a nice cold brew.

Yeah, cold brew. And we're time to review some ads. So June 1st, 2021 is the first one.

I have a lot less in this one than compared to last time because I did like six months at a time, but let's get started. So this is a retargeting ad. So I'm more in product aware group of people right here.

When was the last time your gift made your, your sweetheart smile. So it was really just kind of probing more of a questions and it just shows off a product personalized canvas gift. It's pretty cool.

The ghost one, like any of these sales ones, just you want to make sure it's straightforward like this 20% off sitewide with code ghost. I'm a previous buyer for this brand. I've been to their website.

There's no need of selling me on their brand because I'm already aware of their brand. They just need to give some good offers. Father's day is common.

Make sure you give that the perfect gift he deserves or if a unique and customizable thing, that's probably like a canvas and stuff. The perfect dad approved gift. So it's really leveraging a problem right now.

And that the problem is, or it's really leveraging the solution to our people. So they don't have a gift yet for, you know, father's day. So we're just showing them a few different options and why our solution is the perfect one, because it's the perfect dad approved gift, perfect father's day gift.

So really just leveraging people that know they have a problem of can't find perfect father's day gift. And they look at all these different solutions and then they get boom, they get hit with this ad shows dad. It shows the family together.

Very good job on the creative side. So cool. And right here, you can literally like print your like dog on the mat.

I think I screenshot this a little too late, but it had like another picture or the thumbnail had the dog standing by the, you know, the mat. So we did all of the selling for you right there. Calling all pet parents, very targeted.

Are you a pet parent? I love to spoil your baby. Very target, really nothing on that demo and then showing off this.

So very cool. It's literally taking people from unaware to aware in one ad. Very good job because people did not know they needed this at all.

And calling all pet parents, are you a pet parent? I love to spoil your baby. They're leveraging a key thing pet parents have.

And then showing this really cool, interesting product. Introducing the all new aluminum collection, make every day a vacation of outer. Now I've actually viewed this people's, this brand's website already.

So just kind of a good retargeting ad, good retargeting ad right here, showcasing a girl with a beautiful smile in terms of like the teeth and everything. So like with all that showing off, showing that to the consumer, what's going to happen is, is it's going to further portray to people that, hey, snow teeth whining is what I need because I want to smile like that. So it's all more into psychology right there.

I know it's like, it's just a simple picture of a girl, but marketers have to completely reevaluate everything. Gosh, Ecom world, the most fantastic creatives ever. And I think it's funny.

I was listening to a podcast the other day and the founder was talking about it because the first time they launched did horribly. Like they couldn't get their ads to do anything. And it's almost almost like, well, look, you know, so-and-so, hey man, you're marketing to advertisers.

Your ads need to be the most amazing ads in the world. Most amazing ads they ever seen. And they knock it out the park every single year with these, uh, these things.

UGC market creating profitable ads has never been easier. Swipe to see UGA, UGC ads that stopped scrolling boost sales. So boom, quickly sell quickly show you right there.

Why four months free Amazon music. I'm a user of them. Like they don't need to sell me on Amazon.

It's in free images. I'm again, another big user of shutter shock free shaker bottle. So I've actually never seen this brand or anything like that before.

And they just hit me just free shaker bottle really, I guess it's working really well for them because they're running it, but you only get a free shaker bottle when you make a purchase with their brand. So like, it's not necessarily a free shaker bottle. Yeah.

You have to go buy another package, which I'm sure to get a lot of people who want it, but it does a really good job. I grabbed my attention, but it just free shaker bottle. B-day sale up to 50% off.

I've never heard of this brand or anything like that. So for me personally, I don't care. It's not the right.

I'm not the right audience, not the right messaging. Don't miss out on it on our 10% off sale ends at midnight. Now I've actually viewed this brand right here.

So I've seen their website already and then they're hitting me with this retargeting ad. So for me, it's like for someone who doesn't not aware of marketing or anything like that. I'm like, okay, I'm very inclined to go take action on this now.

Here's another really cool, um, ad from wolf blankets calling all pet parents again. So literally it's the same ad, just a different creative, which looks really cool. I've shown a guy, what his dog, uh, maybe he's unboxing the blanket right here.

Palsimus from your wolf blankets. Another, I guess, retargeting ad or maybe even cold out right there. That's wishlist father's day is June 20th.

Now I don't personally have anything yeti. I'm very aware of yeti. Um, so yeah, I mean, it's a good father's day ad, but I don't know.

It really doesn't really like, there's no like father's day wishlist take 20% off all products. It's just, it's showcasing and positioning yeti in people's mind as an option to purchase for father's day. Still supplements.

I've actually been to her website. So 25% off everything. It's Christmas and June.

So I've actually, you know, been to her website. I'm aware of it. Some more clients go purchase now.

Now this is a cool one. It's called athletic greens. And what they did is they use the leveraging the branded content and work with a bunch of partners to create content forum and they're promoting it with their pages.

And these people have been doing a very good job at calling out a great pain point in the first five seconds of the video, but they're showing you the use of the product. They're doing everything perfect with these ads right now. Make a gleam.

I think it just kind of like toss a few of these boxes on the bed. When's the last time your make gift major. So again, just another retargeting ad, showing off someone using the product and stuff, all that's good stuff.

Um, not businesses of all sizes can advertise on Hulu. Your ads are in good company. So now it's like, it's breaking and removing that area, insert, uh, entry barrier of entry of now like the advertising and stuff.

Your ads are in good company as in like, Hey, you know, if we got you, not really, you know, not really know how I'm feeling about that. Honestly, it's probably my girlfriend visiting websites. So this could be a retargeting ad right here.

Um, but attend a virtual appointment, speak with fire diamond experts and enjoy it. One towards the perfect engagement ring. So what's probably happening right here is just probably a good retargeting ad if I had to guess.

Summer flash sale, great call to action. Um, I'm definitely a visitor of their website quite frequently just cause they're a competitor. So we're constantly looking at some of the other competitor stuff, uh, summer flash sale, summer collection by two, get one free.

So a really good offer for existing people. Our metal monogram signs are one of a kind and customated in the USA. Leveraging a really good, just kind of hitting like, Hey, we're one of a kind customated in USA.

That's a big selling factor. Uh, so really just showing off there like USB or unique selling proposition. Now I thought this was really cool.

Um, the real men's self growth challenge, and it has like all of these different, like, it's like an app, I guess you just download and it's just each day to a different thing. So it's more of a challenger style funnel, which works really well for some brands. I personally never done one, but I know my mentor, he has done one and did a crazy good job with it.

Very, very, very profitable for his business. Um, so I ever try the challenge style. Um, might be kind of hard for e-commerce and stuff, but it's exclusive all charts, two for $24, nine, nine, five.

And this is a really good creative in terms of like, it really just boom right there. I'm aware of fabletics, been to some of their websites and stuff. So is there a really good retargeting out right here?

Another ad for, uh, still supplements Christmas in June starts now, 25% everything create retargeting at Chappelle digital. So that's Chase Chappelle really, really, really awesome. I like Facebook ads marketer and stuff like that, but he's really hitting on a key problem right now.

We're facing right now. Key pain point. Uh, it's no secret ads are changing.

What works today might not work tomorrow. So as the is 14.5 is going on, he's doing an ad that makes sense of the current changing environment, which works really well. I'm not aware of these people at all, but father's, they sell far percent off store wide.

I don't know. I just, man, not really good. Like don't really care.

So I'm not aware of them. Literally the same ad we already saw father's day sale. I'm aware of these people.

So these people are probably targeting engagement. They're probably retargeting, you know, different middle font or bottom of funnel audiences, website visitors and stuff like that. Fathers, they sell 20% off and they're showing off the product, showing off the creative and everything.

Another great one for athletic greens, get you get just the right first to quote for your home. So that's pretty cool. It doesn't really have much engagement comments or anything like that.

It kind of takes a second to read this. It doesn't really grab my attention as well as it probably could. Now this one does really well.

I've been to metalplexes website, use promo code extra 20 at checkout. So 7% off our biggest sell ever. So showing off, you know, to people that are aware of their brand and where if they were, they do and all that good stuff.

Xanvos, give your home a personal touch for custom metal sign from Xanvos. So hitting the people that have a problem or not necessarily a problem, maybe a desire where they want to get their personal home, personal touch, custom metal sign. So just kind of more of like keeping up with the Jones, loving all their home, et cetera.

This is a sign save 20% off site wide. Give that gift of relaxation. Again, I don't know this brand, not aware of them or anything like that.

So I personally don't care. Now black, I've been to their site a long time ago, so they're probably just on a very far retargeting audience, but it's another one of those. When you go too far out retargeting, you start to reach people that just doesn't care about the brand anymore.

So masterclass is actually another one too, that I'm very familiar with. And again, just leveraging that father state offer, buy one, get one for dad for free. So here's a really great tactic.

Cause we're still making money off that transaction. Cause we're buying one, but you're also get one for free. So it's not just here free for dad.

It's you buy one and then you get one for free for dad. So really great incentive to where they can still make like at least a 50% profit margin or 50% of their profits it would have made on their products. Personalize your gift.

Not sure I feel about this one. Family gifts go custom name, multiple names. So I really liked this cause it's, it's adding more distinctive of what you can do with the product.

And this is something we're about to do with our personalized still the core brand and our personalized Apple watch brand. Another great one in terms of just showing off the testimonial style for like middle funnel people that are product aware of people. Now this is one of my favorite ones out of all of these.

First off the color, very good contrasting color makes you stop. Next thing. Very good product shot.

Like this looks very nice. Like I really want to go drink that next one, beer, wine, and spirits delivered in under 60 minutes. So just straight up beer, wine, and spirits delivered under 60 minutes.

So the people that have a problem of wanting to go get alcohol and stuff, here's their solution on their 60 minutes delivered. And it's just, it's a very beautiful ad. It's very straight to the point.

It's just very well put together and it's very, very minimalistic, which I love. I love when minimalistic like things like this speak very loudly. Going back to the athletic greens.

In fact, let's actually do something here. Let's go to Facebook ad library. I wanted to show you guys some of these.

So we can actually showcase and show y'all some of these. Here we go. The health drink people are raving about showing all kinds of people drinking the product happy.

I mean, it don't look sad or anything like that. And it's two seconds in two seconds. The drink has been a total, let's say game changer for me.

Five seconds in the health drink that everyone's been raving about. This health drink has been a game changer for me. Showing the product off pretty much replaces everything your vitamin, like just beautiful advertising right here.

Beautiful. And look, I didn't even have to get five seconds in like 10 seconds in and that's it. So this is just showcasing good creative when I say it.

So right here, just showcasing that testimonial really, really good. I just want to kind of show, show y'all some of these because they've been doing an exceptionally good job. Like I'm no kidding.

These proper beast people are probably doing easily seven figures some off with their brand. Very good job on the creative side. The creative does all of the selling forum and beautiful, beautiful job.

Like this is just one of those brands that's exceptionally doing very well. Every time I open up Instagram, I'm getting a different like review from them, which again, that's just loading up a bunch of creatives in one batch right there. Just showcasing the right message, all that beautiful stuff together.

Now, this is NLC, no limit creatives. These people are here addressing a very strong pain point of graphic design, having to hire a graphic designer, full-time payroll costs a lot of money. Graphic design is only $79 each dedicated designer, one in three today, turnaround, free stock images, source files, no contract, et cetera.

So now I am a member of these people. So these people may actually be retargeting more of the retargeting side, just because I've been to our website to sign up all that stuff. But no limit creatives is mine by far, by far my favorite Facebook ad service there is on the market.

I love starting my morning routine with athletic greens. It's packed with 75 vibes, minerals to help support my gut health and immune system all in one easy scoop. Just straight again, this is MoFu right here, middle of funnel.

They're educating me. I'm a person that is product aware of where they're selling and they're just further educating me on why I need these. And it's very, very, very good.

It's making me want to switch from my greens. Get a free year supply of vitamin D plus five travel backs. I've been to their website.

So don't mess on all the arrivals, showing a lifestyle photo, showing some closeup photos, showing some floor photos, new arrivals alert, getting 50% off a code. I mean, what else do I have to say? I'm getting the full stack right here, the full thing.

So now this is actually one that I actually been on to their website. Packed with vitamin sink, limited time bundle, immune support bundle, free gifts, free diamond D and five travel packs of subscriptions. So this is me actually going to their website.

Now I'm getting hit with a completely different targeted ad. This is more okay. I'm price sensitive now.

I've checked out their brand. I'm worthy they do, but now I just need a good, good offer presented in front of me. Now they're athletic greens.

Honestly, I literally think they said another athletic greens. Now I've actually went to Caden Lane's website. I'm at one of these, their cart.

I just kind of check out some of their process and stuff. I have another brand kind of a similar niche and just a few left and still in your cart. So great, great concept of showing people, Hey, you have stuff in your cart, come back and complete it.

Looking for quick, easy nutrition on the go. Now the perfect gene is another one that's been really sticking out to me. That's been doing very well with their creatives and stuff.

My other genes are rough and rigid. He's literally just throwing jeans down. Other genes are rough and rigid.

And he's talking about how these new jeans are very stretchy, showing the social proof of and everything. Just very good creatives right there on the name. This was like literally odd because I haven't looked at jeans in a while because I went to oral Los Angeles website the other day and I'm getting hit with jean ads now.

And I literally got hit like with the same, like another ad within a few minutes comfort anywhere. Oh yeah. These pants are stretched a lot.

So like showing off these jeans and stuff of how they stretch everything. The ultimate monthly subscription battle box. So now this is, I mean, this one right here, I'm just not gonna really say much here.

Cause honestly, like there's nothing. I just the ultimate monthly subscription battle box. I have no fricking clue what this is.

Is this like a call of duty stuff? Like Fortnite? Like, is this a gaming thing?

Is this a actual thing? Is this like a wilderness? Like what?

I don't know. It just doesn't speak to me. I know I'm not the right market for this, but putting myself in that particular audience, then this doesn't really like, what am I getting in it?

Like showcase some of the more of the products and everything. This made cutting carbs so easy for me. So showing the lady eating meals, fill your fridge weekly.

So like, it's just a meal company. This is a really another one that's doing an exceptionally good job at, um, creative. So like, it's like coffee on the tap.

So how it starts off showing how like this is done right here. Um, then it showcases all the different uses for it. Really good.

Leveraging a key problem. My hair is so temperamental. No more bad hair days.

Now this one, I was mixed feelings about name your favorite canvas art, swipe up to find your own canvas. So I don't know. I was mixed feeling about this one just cause like name your favorite canvas art.

Like, I don't know. I just, I feel like I'm lost here. Cause this is like, I don't know.

Something just doesn't feel right with this ad. So this is just another cookware set. I feel like it could be introduced to this a little bit better.

Now this is a really good one by ad world. I think we reviewed some of their ads earlier, but top three ad creative templates that generated, uh, $10 million. So this right here is more of just showcasing.

I'm in their middle of funnel right now. Cause I've actually been to our website, but it's just showcasing more stuff about like what's gonna be presented at that, uh, key that, you know, conference. So another one, I didn't know I had food sensitivity.

What's food sensitivity. So like it's introducing a concept for a meme style ad what 6 million in personal has been taught me. I don't always run ads, but when I do, my roast is terrible.

So I don't know. Not sure. I feel about it.

Outdoor year delivered monthly, 10% off code. So this is another battle box ad. I don't know if they're retargeting me because I'm engaged with it, or it's just another like cold audience ad, but outdoor gear delivered monthly.

So now this one right here speaks to me a little bit more because yes, I'm not in that right audience, but at least I know more of what's going on outdoor outdoor gear delivered monthly. So a very key and simplistic way of how that brand is positioned in the market. But yeah, that is it guys.

This is the June, 2021 ad review, uh, stick around for the July, 2021 ad review, which will be posted in the month, next month. Um, like I said, what I do is just drop them off. I screenshot different ads and stuff, catch my attention, different ads that I'm like, Oh, that's really cool.

I save these on my file because I get to break these support my team and how can execute these with clients. So I highly recommend you take some of these ads and recreate them with your own brand. Um, because these are ones that caught my attention.

They're definitely ones that if you leverage in the proper way, it's going to catch attention of your prospects in mind. So highly recommend you try and replicate some of these with your clients, your brand, you go to facebook.allibrary.com and view more of these, just like I did with the athletic greens one. Um, so that way you could review more of their ads and stuff and kind of like recreate the concept, you know, the, the way they grab attention, the way they leverage a key pain point or problem first and different selling propositions and all that stuff.

It's, it's a very, very, very like amazing and beautiful with advertising and stuff like that. So that being said, if you are a Shopify brand owner and your goals gets a six figures a month, and you're struggling to get there nine times out of 10, it's creative. That's a big issue right there.

Creative plays a huge role with scaling your brand. And that is why if you want some really kick-ass creatives like this, make sure you click the link below book call with my team. And we can put a plan of action together for you of how you can leverage these types of creatives in your business.

And then what we can do is either you can work with us or you can take a plan of action and run with it and do it yourself. So make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team. And like I said, it'll take about 45 minute call.

Super, super valuable, packed for that call. Well, guys, it's about that time. My name is Nick Serio, and I really hope you enjoyed this video and make sure you hit that like button and that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you all so much. Talk to you guys later. Peace.