Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be going over two different supplement brands that are pretty well known in the DTC space. And I'm going to just take a look at their ads library and honestly just kind of react to it. Take a look at some of their ads and stuff like that and realistically just kind of see like what they got going on because I'm intrigued because they're both, I want to say they're both eight figure brands spending dominantly on Facebook.

So it'd be really interesting to see what some of their ads look like. So with that being said, before we get started, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video guys.

So brand number one, we're going to review. Okay. And again, this is literally just me taking a look at their ads library.

I don't know what ads are profitable. I don't know what ads they're spending money on. This is purely an observational video, but it's taking you guys through that kind of customer research and kind of ad research that I do to really kind of get a good idea of what's working for certain brands.

So with that being said, let's dive a little further into this. So we are on it and on it, I've been seeing a lot of their ads lately and, you know, may or may not have been because I stopped their ads library a few weeks ago because, you know, we're working on a supplement brand kind of similar. We'll see, but I've been getting a lot of their ads and I'm very curious of what they got going on.

So let's just first start scrolling down. Um, a little tip for you guys. Today is July 13th.

Today I'm filming this video and you can see right here, July 12th, July 11th, July 11th. These are all the things of when they started running. So a little tip for you guys, you don't want to like, if you look taken for inspiration, you want to look at the stuff that's been running for longer because likelihood, if an ad's been running longer, the likelihood of it being successful is greater.

So just a little tip for you guys doing kind of like digging below and looking at ads and everything like that. So we keep scrolling down. Cool.

We'll see February 28th, 2022. So there is a particular possibility. This is one of their best performing ads.

It's been running this long. Let's see. They had two different variations of this ad.

Interesting. Okay. So let's just take a look at this.

Honestly, the first thing I say is I don't really know where to focus at. I realistically don't like there's so much going on. I don't really know where to focus at, but my mind kind of wants to go here.

I was like, I want to read this, but I kind of go here, but I kind of want to see this. And then I kind of want to, I'm just kind of all over. So remember names and places, think clearly under stressed, focus on complex tasks, react more quickly.

So I really like how they specified what people get. Like, you know, they're not just saying think clearly or focus or react more quickly or remember, like they're kind of giving a little bit more to it. Now I like that a lot.

Alpha brain helps you. You can see alpha brain right here. It's a little dark, honestly.

Like it's a little too dark. It seems to fire up your brain at a higher RPM level. Joe Rogan.

Cool. It seems to fire up your brain. Yada, yada, yada.

Cool. So pretty interesting. I'm just going to keep kind of scrolling through.

Do they even go through ads? Do they even show off the product? This is interesting.

So this don't even look like they're showing off. There's almost like just like a video view campaign in that perspective right there. Interesting.

Okay. So let's keep scrolling. Interesting.

So these are like, I haven't done these in a long time, but they're like, there's no link to click or anything like that. Let me see. I had details.

Oh wait, there we go. It just wasn't popping up, but what's their landing page. Okay.

Interesting. Okay, cool. So I'm just going to go back.

Joe Rogan going across. Love him. I hate him.

I love him. He's pretty cool. So basically kind of going over the mind and improvement of that perspective.

Cool. I mean, it's a long video. I personally don't care for those types of videos right there.

Like obviously you can see right there. It wasn't keeping my attention. It's a long video.

Joe kind of just talking for a good like 30, 40 seconds before he starts doing some stuff. Like that's just not that great, but definitely people who love Joe Rogan probably want to watch it. Now, what is this gym right here?

Not a magic pill. The total human formula is coming convenient. Night packs to ensure your body gets the right nutrition needs time.

It most needs it. Okay, cool. Total human makes optimization easy.

What is this? Ah, so this is pretty cool. So basically it's just saying, instead of buying all of these supplements, just put them in this pack and it's articulating that to people through this kind of little graphic right here, 10 supplements, two convenient daily packs, all in one product.

So that's a really good offer right there. Talking about how easy it is. Cool.

I like this. There's your offer or like your, you know, your, for people who are aware. Interesting.

So let's see what this one says. So I wouldn't just starts and this one does big text first. So it's the same ad just with different intros.

So you see, I like that a lot. That really shows off just in the way to test different hooks right here. So this one really no hook.

And then this one's forget your complex multivitamin routine. So about a very specific pain point people have. I like this.

All right, let's keep scrolling up. Optimize your day with total human. Ah, interesting.

So this one was launched after this one, May, April 25th, May 5th. Interesting. So I bet you that they tested this found out that it worked and then they want it to articulate.

So again, through copywriting for a visual perspective, you always going to start with your headlines and then you take a headline like, okay, cool. Here's my headline. Forget your complex multivitamin routine.

What is all the different ways I can visually articulate this to people is the question you have to ask yourself. So they asked that to, they asked that pretty much. And guess what?

It was, Hey, what if we do like a hand on the screen, pulling all the things in? There you go. That's a way that, you know, in a sense of how we kind of like articulate it, focus, energy, endurance.

Okay. So it's showing off the morning and then the night is showing how easy it is just to pop open, pour in your hand. Here's everything you'll get focus, energy, endurance, and the night pack helps you boom, relax, recover, and then probably sleep or something like that.

Oh, okay, cool. That was interesting though. I like that.

Let's go over to the next one. Okay. So alpha brain black labels, like a cold shower meditation and slap in the face, all rolled into one.

So we call black label, break glass case emergency. Let's get stuff down formula. I really like how they're exaggerating the claim a little bit.

I love that. That's one way to increase your ad copy is exaggerate the claim a bit. Relax while staying alert, process information quicker, stay focused for longer, find your flow state.

Ooh, I'm actually going to save that. I like that. I can actually use some of these kinds of ideas for a product.

Let's keep going. Do a little product research with me guys. All right.

Um, if you're not sure what exactly what training kittles can do for your runoff selling points. Okay. So those are like, they're just kind of showing off some articles, maybe, uh, just like, like just, yeah, that's what it looks like right there.

So kind of just like some, um, advertorials and a perspective, that's something that maybe we can cover one day. I just don't really have that much, you know, history with them. Same thing right here.

Cool. Sweet. So yeah, let's say they did a few articles.

This can help you focus on complex tasks, remember names and places, think more clearly on their stress and react more quickly. Alpha brain helps support cognitive reactions. We're talking about function.

Okay. Joe's reaction. Okay, cool.

So let's kind of just tell him talking a little bit about it. Look how visually different this is. I remember I told you guys that first ad with Joe was very boring because it was just showing a lot of videos of Joe talking this one.

It's a little bit more engaging because it's showing off different visuals. That's keeping me engaged to it. Yeah, this is really cool.

I like this Joe Rogan, elite athletes and more. So it's hijacking authority and easy way to hijack authority is use a big name in it. And something like this again, kind of just not a Patrick pill.

They've used that a copy a few times, everything you need wrapped up in a two part daily package. So just simplicity. How simple is, Ooh, a really good split test here.

They have this one. And then look at this one right here. You're not going to find this better supplement combo than this.

So it's basically just the same thing twice, just with different reviews and a perspective, power up your day with alpha brain, black label, supercharger focus of alpha brain, black label. Look how interesting these is. We're seeing a lot of cases, like a lot of little split tests here.

I really love to see this because there's really articulating to you guys who are always asking about testing. Well, look, I'm showing you guys some really good examples here. Let's see.

Let's go further. This is a little harder read. Not gonna lie.

I did see extreme productivity though. Really big. That's good.

Refine your flow state. I just, I feel like there's no real main line visually or things that are really getting my attention, but also not visually getting my attention, but visually creating desire for this product. Oh, another good one helps sustain focus through the day.

And let's go further down because we just saw this. Uh, come on. We literally just like this.

Oh yeah. Right here. Joe's reaction to alpha brain versus helps the same focus through the day.

And look how to change the different backgrounds. Once white, once, once is yeah. Once black.

It is kind of going over different things. Cool. That's pretty cool.

This showing off everything that's inside of it. Lots, lots, lots of authority in this, which is really good. Authority works well.

If you can pick it up. It just demonstrates the two packs there again, showing off everything that has A mansion on whatever it tells you. It's directly under A放心 Power prend.

Okay? Well it's ETL, it will cause benefit the same focus on this mountainous trade. Yep.

Let's see peopleaps on this screen and see some people sitting down here. And them really talk a bit about the range of pleasure considering how to get help. So womb, it sounds obviously happy.

I'm missing out on podcast music 적range on YouTube. Well, my best you have the Marcy Jáовых analysis it is. A few different ways they're visually articulating all the different peels inside.

This is really cool. New mood. New mood.

I like this. Getting further. 10 supplements.

2 daily packs. So they're definitely hitting. They're definitely understanding that this angle right here is showing off everything you're getting.

And this one is powerful. Or not powerful. But it's just showing off.

It's definitely working in this particular angle. Cool. Kind of like a consumer.

UGC. Not UGC, but just a little more professionally shot video. Let's see.

I definitely want to hit some of these other ads, though, too, as well. Cool. Another way to articulate things.

I've seen this a lot before. Calm the chaos. This is some interesting stuff here.

I like this. All of this is done with one really good visual creator, one really good copywriter, and one media buyer to launch everything. So it's about three key people here.

And then maybe a strategist. A strategist to really focus on different concepts and angles that we want to hit on. Cool.

All of this is done with one really good visual creator one really good copywriter and One media buyer to launch everything. So it's about three key people here and then maybe a strategist A strategist to really focus on different like concepts and angles that we want to hit on Cool and I want to actually show up a little bit faster because we're already about halfway through this video And I do want to hit on obvi as well, which is the other one So let's look at some of these new things that are like just launched I This is this is genius. I love this so first off it shows a Alright current situation we talk about this all the time on the channel.

What's the current situation of our consumer? They're tired. They're sleepy.

They're trying to get work done. They can't get it done. Okay So then it tells the story about this guy who he was tired and everything like that But then he heard about Joe Rogan and how Joe Rogan uses this particular product So then he goes on the website and looks at it.

Then he sees all the good reviews and everything like that. So he's basically just Articulating this the standard sales process people go through which I think is pretty cool. There's probably this particular manner I don't really know what's different about these two.

I'm sure something different between the two but This is kind of cheesy This is very cheesy. Oh Oh This is cheesy I'm sorry. I just I I can't do these cheesy tick-tock things.

It's it's just not my style But it's basically just a video of this dude's sped up cleaning his room all because he took alpha brain and Ah, it's just it's cheesy as shit I'm sorry. It's not me. It's not my style guys Oh, please don't do it.

Please don't do it. I know what they're about to do There we go. Yep, there it is There it is Now granted this was the ones that did put the biggest smile on my face So these are probably actually performing pretty well because of that specific reason why very feel-good ads Very cheesy very cheeky in that perspective and uh, yeah, not really my style But you know hey if it works, you know what you know, what's the golden rule is if it works You fucking do it as yeah, it makes you money, but that was on it great job on it I really enjoyed the ads now.

We're gonna go to the golden boy ash with obvi Yeah, I asked is really cool. I'll follow him on Twitter He provides a lot of very great content. He is the co-founder of obvi and they're doing substantially.

Well I want to say over eight figures a year and And revenue and they're like dominant on Facebook ads So I really want to dive in and take a look at their ads because guys can we just appreciate this branding here? I do have to say that's probably one of my favorite things about Obvi is that their branding of every single creative their website Everything is on point all the way down to the product design to shoot I even see ash flexing these pictures of his office that are is all on brand as well So with that being said guys, let's dive into obvi don't have too much time left on the clock But we can try at least get a few of them down right here I want to scroll down because I want to find what's the juicy stuff that's been working for you Ash, let's see. I don't want to go too too far But I want to go far.

Well, wait, is that 2021? Okay, that might be a little too far. Let's go like Midway, okay, it's still pretty far god.

Damn you do. He has a lot of creatives going on. Okay, let's Scroll up.

Let's start off right here Um, may a if that's pretty good to need your obvi fix Head to your local vitamin shop to get everything you need. Oh, okay. So this is basically just showing off that, uh His product is in the shop and that's pretty cool So I don't really know what that does well from like an econ perspective like I don't know how he's tracking the sales I've been doing or like what's he doing in that perspective right there.

That's very curious Now going through this ugc right here i've been dealing with dry and damaged hair So if i'm a problem aware The second largest potential audience you can target on facebook problem aware people how do we? Grab their attention we show the problem and now we're going to show them the solution So here's her solution Here's the product they're going to get and then we'll see if there's like an aware type ad in that perspective right there Cool and again aware is like more of kind of like a discount code or something like that Oh, nope, okay cool, um, no, I don't want to click on that. All right, let's go further.

I really want to see Some of this other stuff. Okay, cool. So this is more of kind of where I want to go with 157 000 units sold the world's first collagen infused weight management product is finally back in stock Finally a collagen product helps melt away inches and improves hair skin and nails melts away inches Look at that copywriting right there.

I found what i've been looking for if there's several Disappointing products i've lost interest while i'm already on my third product cool So look kind of a problem aware now. I would say this is more product where not perspective. Well, yeah You can you can debate Problem aware because this main headline right here's what stops people lose summer weight for under a dollar a day Love that.

I love how specific the headline is It's focusing on a benefit out or an outcome of taking this product Boost energy and lose weight for under a dollar a day Over 4 000 five-star reviews 30 day satisfaction guarantee and obviously with over 157 000 units sold You can't go wrong with obvi. I mean look at that branding guys Look at the branding. Okay reverse signs of aging fast with the best tasting collagen protein So this is all i'm seeing right here.

This is the hook. It's really getting people in There you go. All of this is just taking people through the sales process Okay reverse signs of aging so again, my problem is i'm starting to age well, what's my solution?

Well, one of my solutions can be collagen protein and then here's what a customer's saying about it Here's you know showing off our solutions the best Showing off the product a little bit more product aware in that perspective and going through people of an aware type of ad So taking people through that Pro you know problem where solution aware Product aware aware if you haven't seen the video yet go look at how we spent two million dollars Profitably with facebook ads I recorded the same they recorded this video So i'm not sure where and when it'll be uploaded but it's definitely look out for that reverse signs of aging fast Just another way to articulate it right here, which is really good look look and feel younger I just I love this. I love how it's just boom headline very well Half really picked that specifically shows off a benefit of what the consumers want to see or want in their life Grow long beautiful beachy hair fast the best tasting collagen protein grow long Beautiful beachy hair Fast like that's like five different hot words for people who really want to You basically grow long beautiful beachy hair right now So really good really good of like choosing specific copy to use Or write specific again like you know showing off two people with that similar look honestly all of this could have been done with Fucking like like literally this is just a product picture Some you know, maybe like some what you call it like stock images and then a little bit of you know visual I'm visual but like motion graphics and that's it done same Same thing here. No, this actually looks like a studio shot How is this entry how's this going grow long beautiful beachy air now protein packed with collagen Perfect for repairing and growing hair skin and nails This is so interesting I'm gonna go ahead and look at this Protein packed with collagen Look and feel younger there's just so many good headlines here fight dry and damaged hair tighten loosen skin tighten loose skin weight loss regrow hair Gut health tighten loose skin Reverse signs of damaged hair Lose weight feel great Again, like the reason why this is like exciting because it's literally just straight up really good Targeting problem aware people you know if I have a problem with damaged hair then this is gonna this is gonna hit me If I have a problem with my weight lose weight feel great If I have problem my weight fat burning fountain of youth So like it's this is the things that's gonna jump out to me Fight fast weight loss feel the best lose weight all day energy regrow hair Yada yada all the way through burn stubborn fat This is just so good in the sense of it's actively hitting on Specific pain points and it's just like that's the biggest thing you see It's the first thing you see get beach body ready to summer and then your second like sub headlines That are just kind of hitting on specific benefits Burn fat boost metabolism And these are not playing great protein packs of collagen Are you gonna play no you won't okay cool But yeah guys, I just I love these ads these look really good I think from a supplement perspective There's some interesting things we learned between on it and obby both really credible both spaces in that perspective And uh, yeah, this is definitely interesting.

I enjoyed this a lot Definitely a lot of really great work that ash is doing over there at obby So huge shout out to him follow him on twitter by the way I don't know what twitter handle is but Cool look up like ash my obby Twitter He drops a lot of really good stuff about facebook ads and everything he's doing at obby So i've been following him for a while now so really great work to him and on it too as well They're crushing it as well And uh, yeah, definitely a lot of different ideas and stuff like that It's one that confirms a lot of the marketing fundamentals that I focus on on a daily basis But also to give me some really interesting unique ideas for a few products we're working on right now So i'm really excited to take those out and those are both supplement We're working on three supplement brands right now and not crushing it for all of them So i'm really excited to take maybe a few of these and uh, it's also that way so yeah guys thank you all for watching this video Let's jump into the outro now. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video Make sure you hit that subscribe button if you're new to the channel and turn on subscribe notifications So that way when I upload a new video, you'll never miss a single one All these videos at the end of day are designed to help you in your business grow and hit your revenue goals Make you more money at the end of the day Hit that like button and drop a comment below of your favorite part of this video now If you own a business and you're curious about how we can help your business scale and hit revenue goals at profitability Then click the link below to book a call with me and my team We'll hop on a call together learn a little bit more about your business And if we think you'd be a good fit We'll do a strategy session together and on that strategy session will give you, you know Actionable tips and stuff like that to help you grow your business And you can take that and run with it or you have the option to work this if if you choose and if we think you're a good fit To work with us now with that being said, thanks again so much for tuning in You should have a video somewhere up along the screen right here. That'll take you to another video I think you may enjoy.

Thank you guys so much for watching. Have a great rest of your day. I'll talk to you guys later My name is nick terrio.

Peace out