yo what's going on guys welcome back to the channel my name is nick terrio and today i have an exciting new video for you guys today i'll be actually reviewing your store yes so about two weeks ago or about a week ago i don't really know i'm losing track of time here um i made a post and i basically said hey drop your store below if you choose and i will go ahead and do a full review of it i'll dive into your store i'll look you up on facebook ads library and even go through your ads so i got a few people that commented back dropped their stuff so i'm really excited to actually go through their stores review it for you guys um and actually some of you who dropped your stuff will also be watching this video as well get some amazing feedback free feedback as well uh so really stoked to do this so before we get started make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every monday wednesday and friday that being said let's dive into the video i'm really really excited to do this so so jumping into it right here um yeah pretty much made this post right here basically just drop your stuff and you know i'll take a look look at everything so got a few people that commented on it about four stores and just to be fully transparent i have yet to click on any of these so i have no clue what to expect for anything so this is going to give me a kind of raw reaction of everything which should be really good and i'm going to be kind of be as transparent as possible um i just want to give full disclosure with my coaching clients with my current clients i am very raw and it sometimes can come off in the wrong way i just want to say that i give mad props to all of you who dropped your store and i want you to take this as full constructive criticism and a raw review of what you could possibly improve on take you with a grain of salt you know take it into consideration do some thinking time around it um and go far with it but by no means at all am i condoning anyone for what they did their store whatever i truly believe that everyone who did this commented on it dropped them stuff exposed themselves to feedback is a great way to level up as an entrepreneur i'm constantly you know putting my ego aside and like being vulnerable with other entrepreneurs to tell me what the hell i need to fix so um and starting out sometimes it can kind of feel bad so i just want to make sure that everyone we're on the same page here i'm fully very raw very transparent but by no means at all um you know am i putting this to be down on anyone but just more of just giving feedback what they need to fix and what they can do to really improve their store so um let's start taking a look at a few of these so this is the post i posted a few days ago and we got about six people four stores so let's start off right here with boxing highs.com so first things first i like to just do initial like of how you commented on here of initial what i think the store is going to be and then what we actually see first off i love that logo that looks really cool boxing highs i'm thinking you know this might be some kind of related to obviously related to boxing boxing highs though you know like are you getting high like um it doesn't mean it doesn't mean interesting when i click on this so we're actually seeing so is this maybe a supplement brand stuff like that uh let's hit that button and let's go and let's see clothing gear okay sweet love it um okay new training wear live now okay this is pretty sick right here i love um i'll let's see get 10 percent off your first order when you sign up for our newsletter okay quick quick quick i think everyone can benefit from this right now this popped up right here i love this just be straightforward you don't have to really call it newsletter like just be straightforward get 10 percent off your first order um by you know signing up below i highly highly recommend and i'm not going to put my info in there but highly highly highly recommend going funnel hack pink lily because they do a really great job unlock 20 off your order very straightforward just boom and then you hit continue and it lacks for sms and then you get it pretty much an sms opt-in sms is super super powerful so you can do this through clavio and it's awesome so i'm going to exit out of that um this first banner right here really needs to boom wow me um with boxing in like sports and stuff uh we love to see and as someone i go to the gym someone's been in the fitness community for a while we love to see other people train um and i think boxing is very similar so i would highly recommend getting like a montage of people boxing and wearing your product while at the gym training and do like a montage video that introduces me to it and pre-frames me to the brand secondly look at these these shots right here um you're in a field and you're promoting boxing and stuff and look i've watched rocky a few times um but just yeah create that wow wow video like damn this is boxing highs like just it really needs to is that that first initial impression of your home page sells your brand really well so i really recommend something like that i think it would perform extremely well for your brand um let's see studio shots are pretty good um pretty pretty pretty average like i'll say that uh definitely looks a lot better than majority of brands um but i definitely know as you upgrade to better photographers and stuff like that you can get that um you know the perfectly crisp like all white stuff so um cool so yeah you got the training okay cool i like that i like that a lot uh just i would definitely split test this with like a boxing ring maybe actual gym and stuff and and then i could be wrong about that it could be very wrong it could be just you know where boxers train more outside and then go back in but um i definitely would look more into that particular area uh got a women's collection and guys collection um you have two or two primary colors white and black with some red for the new i love that oh and you have the rewards that's a big a plus big a plus rewards are awesome um got a little bit more about what the customers are saying about us a little bit about it i i would yeah i like that boxing my champions awesome blog posts this is awesome i love this i i think you did a very very good job at this now that's actually oh okay i really like that a lot all products okay sweet you have the types and everything cool love this very good the compression starts sweet this is epic very good job on this um let's go to further and and just to explain to you guys look how quick the site is loading everything's loading with no problem at all that's another big thing um as a uh you know as you kind of like optimize your page and stuff this is a little different i i'm used to this being on the left and this being on the right um i'm very curious if this is something you split tested and seen a better conversion rate on um or you know vice versa i would definitely recommend everything seems to be like in a bold font and it makes it a little harder for like you to read it so like i would do like the bold more like your partner greatness and then this one like a little bit lower of a font like a smaller font but maybe a little bit lighter like more of a normal font um as it just it breaks things up and it's easier for the person to read and obviously you got some really good reviews and stuff awesome this is great i love this you have plenty of shots okay this is the whole suit epic i love it cool i definitely would recommend split testing the add to cart button from like maybe like a red as well uh just to see if the red would pop a little bit better because it's definitely with all white and black theme we usually want to add to cart and all of our buttons to be a completely different color than our theme color so if like a primary theme is white and black and we have hints of red we want the hints of red to be on all of our buttons uh we see a higher conversion rate on that because people like miss the button because they just think it's part of the theme cool and then obviously i'm not gonna go through just because i don't want you guys to get my personal information but awesome this looks good now let's go and do a quick facebook ads library dive epic so you got some i love that so like you already got like a lot of different footage a lot of different like you know people wearing your stuff in the boxing ring i definitely take that and make a promo video with that and use that as like your your main website headed to header to really give people like that pre-frame of what your brand is all about and people who take boxing really seriously is going to go ahead and really appeal to that okay so he doesn't currently let me do all just because it seems like they're in a different area let's see let's see say them all nope okay so it doesn't appear to be them they don't have any ads running uh for that particular brand uh me personally the way i would do this is i would really really focus more on the specifics of why your branding your clothing sticks out compared to all the other fitness brands for the ad side. And then I really also focus on that branding and really, really in like incorporating because boxing highs. Now I understand it's getting that high from boxing.

You know, it's like the runner's high essentially, but for boxing and I really love that. And you have to really go to that dedicated, you know, set a group of people. So you have to really appeal to them.

So I definitely get a lot of video showing off your product and really promoting why your product is better than 99% of the other brands online in that particular space. But overall, very good. I really love this brand.

Very great job. Let's go back to Instagram. Let's just go see their Instagram.

I'm trying to figure out how they make their money. I would easily say you're probably doing anywhere from 10 to $25,000 per month in revenue, maybe a little bit less. So yeah, so you have a lot of footage of people using your product.

I love that. So yeah, I definitely create a lot of videos like that. Like motivational videos, like inspirational videos, kind of like Nike does with your, you know, all this training footage and stuff like that.

So cool. I give this brand a solid B plus. Very good job with the branding.

Very good job of the community. Definitely great job. A few little tweaks here and there, and that's it.

Great job, Boxing Heist. Thank you for submitting your store. All right, next one, we're going to go to Juan, to ourstore.com.co.

Let's take a look at your store. Okay. Um, just give me, uh, let's see.

I don't speak Spanish. So unfortunately let's try Google translate. This might screw some things up here.

Um, but yeah. Okay. So first things first is just a welcome screen.

Here's what I'm pre-framed with. I see some cases. Okay.

Your case is also part of your outfit. I definitely think this needs to be cleaned up a little bit. Um, I highly would recommend taking a look at, um, it's like case, uh, case app, um, like case to five.

Now they're obviously showing off the iPhone 13 and stuff, but I would definitely take a look at some of these other brands right here. Uh, just for that front kind of pre-frame of like your product and stuff. Uh, definitely, you know, it doesn't really wow me.

Um, it definitely seems a little kind of just, uh, I don't really not to say like, it seems like I'm on a more of an older website. I can like spam me a little bit. So I really, really, really would tie down to that.

Um, kind of like wowing factor from the beginning, a little bit more branding and stuff. Um, some higher quality photos and stuff like that. I think that would really nail down your, your welcome screen.

So, um, get all the products right here, showing them off. Nice. Uh, pink and white stone cell phone holder.

Cool. Cool. Showing all this off right here.

Um, nice. I like that. It's not just kind of like a letter, like all designs and everything.

Um, so it seems like you're pretty much just going straight forward to like just a cell and stuff. I highly would recommend, you know, more of that front welcome page of like grabbing your ideal audience's attention, wowing them a little bit and stuff, show some testimonials, some, some social proof, a little bit about the brand and everything, a few new of your collections and stuff. I love it about the brand and that's going to wow them.

Let's actually go into this and go to iPhone cases specifically. Uh, cool. Yeah.

I really love the fact that all of them is not this generic, like white background. Um, like you actually have some really cool, like I really dig this like theme you got going on with the, uh, the, the showing off the phone case. So like, it's not just a standard white background.

It's, it's showing off this really cool, uh, concept right here, uh, which actually I really liked that. Um, I I've seen it before and brands have done it poorly, but you've done a really great job, um, for this. Now, one thing I would recommend, I feel like there needs to be more spacing between this.

Um, let me go back to like boxing highs. Just going to show you guys. Uh, and I, I feel like, like you see, like has more spaced apart.

I feel like these are really close together. I feel like you can kind of bring that out a little bit. Um, as if I feel like everything's squished.

So maybe try to pull that out a little bit, put some more spacing between each listing up and down and then left to right a little bit more spacing and margins between there. And so there's kind of clean that up a little bit, a little bit easy. Uh, you can see right here, you have this in offer right here.

It blends in very well with that particular background. So you should be cautious about that when you're doing cells and stuff, um, that it's gets a little easy. It does.

I mean, hard to see. Um, let's check out that product page. That looks good.

I like it. Rainbow case. Um, I mean, Hey, that's, that's a lot of money.

I'm joking. I know it's just Google translate screwing up things up between the conversion rate and stuff. Um, free shipping to all in Columbia.

So yes, it's Columbia. So it's going from Columbia. Um, and you know, Google translating convert that correctly.

You like the cute case plus ceramic glass. Cool. Tax included.

Any ship calls. Okay. Um, free shipping.

Oh, I love the upsell. Great job on the upsell. Really great way on a low AOV product to upsell people on, um, something else.

I really liked that. Uh, yeah, that's cool. Um, your security.

Cool. Now something with the cases and stuff, um, it's a look at is a warranty on some of these cases. It helps a lot warranty on like design falling off and everything.

Um, and that looks really good too. So, uh, cool. I guess that's exhausted.

So I guess it's just like sold out. There's a few people talking about it and everything. Um, great.

I love that. Now let's see if you are running Facebook ads. See if you got any ads running.

Oh, wow. Okay. This looks really cool.

I like this. I like actually doing some pretty cool content with that very themed and everything. And they're running ads.

Let's take a look at their current ads. Um, now let's see. It needs to be all all ads.

I don't know. Yeah. Facebook is doing a poor, poor job, um, at showing them for me.

Let's see. I think they're from Columbia. Okay.

Well, Facebook's doing a horrible job at that for me. So unfortunately, I will not be able to review your ads. Uh, but I'm gonna keep looking at your content and it looks good.

Like I give you credit. Your content looks good. Let's take a look at your Instagram.

So it looks like your Instagram may be more active. Um, let's see where I saw your stuff. There we go.

Yeah. So the branding fits really well. You're doing a very good job with the branding on the page.

Um, you know, this is not for me, this particular product, but you're really appealing to that ideal demographic, artsy girls, uh, fun, cute. Like you're really appealing to that specific demographic, which are content and stuff. You're also showing off a few different, like, you know, other girls and stuff using it.

You have other products to help out refer attention and stuff. You may, or maybe don't some custom Apple watch bands as well. Uh, so you don't have very good job at just incorporating everything.

Um, and yeah, you look like you're a really good business right here. So I, I definitely give you mad props to this and, uh, you know, keep up the great work with it. So, um, I give this store, I would say a solid B plus as well.

Um, it's maybe a B9 is, but uh, B plus good B plus as well. Uh, you, you don't have a really great job and stuff. Just yeah.

Clean up that homepage for your website as that's, that's going to be your biggest thing right here. Um, I feel like it's just straight sell, sell, sell, sell, like do a little bit more of the branding and stuff. Take a look at like case to find a few of these other like, um, app, uh, not Apple brands, but, uh, case brands and get some good inspiration from that.

Cause I think that can be very, very beneficial, uh, to you on top of all this. So let's go to the next one. And that is wink formula.com.

Now I really don't know what to think about this. Um, but we will see. Oh, wow.

Okay. This is cool. I like this.

Okay. Um, okay. So this right here is where I, again, I love about pink lilies unlock 20% off your order.

Like when I land on a website, I just want to be able to start looking around and this is the most clearest and simplistic sales message as possible to get your opt in. Whereas this right here is just way too much shit to read that. I just don't even want to read it.

I just eggs out of it. I highly recommend everyone watching this video split test your opt in with something simple like this, and you will see probably a boost in performance for them. Um, and plus two, I didn't even do anything yet.

And this is popping up. Uh, this is pretty aggravating and like, I want to exit off right now. So I'll just be honest with you on that.

Uh, so maybe don't do an exit intent on your homepage, maybe do an exit intent on your product page and only kick in after like 30, 40 seconds. So check out that. Um, second thing is your, I don't know if it's just my computer that's loading it incorrectly, but like, I can't see this half and it's aggravating me.

So I don't like that. Um, so just be cautious about that. Maybe check that banner right there.

Now I really like this a lot. You did a very good job on this. Cause now I'm quickly getting to know, like, I don't really know what this wing formula is, but you quickly educated me on what this says.

And that's lash glue and magnetic lash liners are yesterday's news. Meet the new kid on the block. So line.

Okay. So I'm putting like, maybe like some of a like line, maybe like some of a glue or something like that. Obviously safety glue, uh, putting the lash on and I can slay all day.

So, okay. So usually glasses stick on lashes. So like, boom, I know this brand's about now and I can quickly understand if that fits me or not, uh, save up to 40% with our value kits.

Now we're going to take a look at how that save is because why are you doing a save right now? Like what's, you know, is this a sell or is this just like a combo kit of getting a few different things in play? Cause that's, that's a very big key right there.

Showing some reviews. Oh, I love this 14 day risk-free unique formula, cloud-like comfort, fast international delivery. I love that.

Um, just more further, like you can see, it's adding to the brand. It's adding to their promise and everything. It's showing us some social proof and stuff.

Really cool. I like that. Um, it's showing a few like, like products and stuff like that going on around here.

Um, okay, cool. It got the little, uh, app to like ding people about like what's going on like that too, as well. This is cool.

Very good job. Very good job on this homepage. Um, like I said, just clean this up and you're welcome message and that's all you gotta do now.

Let's do a quick view. Okay. A quick view works.

I love that. Let's just go like shop now. I want to see like all your products.

Um, so like best selling right here. Cool. This is really cool.

Let's go to quick view. Let's go right here. Nice.

I love it. That's a cart. I would remove the add to wishlist.

Um, I don't know. I'm not a fan of it. I, I feel like it would hurt conversions.

This is that other button right there. And I try to keep it to just one button at, if possible on the product page description. Looks good.

I definitely test this with like maybe a bold black text, but, uh, you know, it's not bad. It definitely popped out to me, but also it seems like there's something wrong here due to the red text. So again, keeping up with that brand promise.

I would encourage you to do something different, like fast shipping and like a hundred percent secure checkout, like, cause obviously like a hundred percent secure checkout. It's kind of like the standard now. So like, if that's a brand promise, like that's, you know, not really going too crazy.

So I challenge you to see what else you can do right there. Um, you know, maybe smudge proof like that could be your brand promise. Like that's a huge problem in the current market.

So again, showing off how it's done, educating people on it, showing some, oh, wow. This is really nice. I like this, uh, showing the price per wear.

That's really cool. I really like that of how you can educate people on the actual price to where it is. Um, that is cool.

Frequently asked questions, uh, going down the reviews. I highly recommend. Let's see.

Now this is all of this is, is adhesive. So I understand it's nothing like, uh, you know, no, no crazy before and afters. Um, but if you could show off a few girls that look really good using your product and show off a few pictures of them, that's going to help out as well, uh, with, you know, convincing people need to purchase.

And it looks like you did a great job with that right here with the models and the photo, uh, for this particular, and this looks like it's more of around the, um, the actual product itself. So, uh, this ain't loading at all. I don't know if this is supposed to be it, but this ain't loading.

Ooh, it's taking a while to load. So I definitely would look at that. That could be hurting your conversion rates.

If this particular videos are taking a while to load, um, and I have a pretty fast internet connection. So, um, I don't like to gloat about it, but I got a pretty fast internet connection. If you know, if you know, so, um, yeah, I just definitely would be doing like, uh, go to GT metrics.com and you can take a look at, uh, your performance and measure this specific page.

A lot of people do a speed test on our website, but they just do like their homepage. You don't do the actual pages you're driving traffic to, and they could realize that they have huge problems right there as it actually is hurting conversion rate. So you gotta look at that.

It looks like it's pretty much the same thing. Um, lots of good reviews. So that also something too, we like to look at before taking on a client.

We want to make sure they have a lot of good reviews because if they have a bad product and bad reviews, it's you're not going to scale. Like that's just worth a fact. So, um, awesome.

I mean, I'm loving the site. It looks really good at how to use and everything. Like it looks good.

Um, I could easily see this site converting at two to 5%, uh, depending on, uh, the type of traffic, we're going to try and double check their Instagram real quick. Cause I feel like their Instagram is probably gonna have at least like 10, 15 K followers, 8,000 followers, really good aesthetic and stuff showing off a variety of different models wearing it. Um, I definitely would bring more of a community vibe to this particular one.

We've shown off lots and lots and lots of people wearing it and enjoying it, getting them to tag you in it, you tagging them as well as having this really good color aesthetic. Um, I mean, this, this aesthetic, these photos are definitely very well done. Uh, this is definitely nothing cheaply done.

Like, you know, they have absolutely spent some money investing into the branding and everything of this store. Um, very, very good job. Uh, I would definitely go more into this 14 day money back guarantee.

Uh, let's see what they post in our stories. Okay. Uh, stories have been really good, sharing a lot of stuff off and let's say they pretty did pretty decent job at that.

Let's go on their Facebook page and then let's see if they're running any ads and, and more importantly, let's see if, uh, Facebook's actually gonna allow us to see their ads. Oh, wow. Okay.

So diving into their ads. Um, let's just take a good look here. So we got a review 20% off happening now.

Get yours for now. Okay. So 20% off happening now.

Why, why are you offering 20% off? You don't want a fall sell. Are you doing a clearance sell?

What is your reason behind the 20% off? Um, you're missing out on a lot of money by not showing the reason why, uh, this looks like a pretty cool ad right here. Uh, shows the application.

Okay. Speed that up, speed it up. This baby right here.

You need this saves a lot of time. That's like three seconds. Um, I highly recommend everyone who's running video ads right now.

Speed their, speed their ads up. You'll see the difference. Like we've taken an ad that's like 60 seconds, force it to 15 and seeing better performance because people get bored in the ad and exit off.

So yeah. Oh, I'm having the Facebook audio loop everywhere. All right, cool.

Um, they were not kidding. When they said application in seconds, absolutely love how has free is also withstood my hairdresser testing on cool like that. Showing reviews and stuff.

Um, I would also really, really incorporate something like what, like, um, we're like having customers in a selfie in like just literally, you know, selfie with my new eyeliner and, or my, um, eyebrows and really showcasing that and having a bunch of them put together. So I would say this is more for like your retargeting structure right here. This looks actually look very well right here.

So it's like something very professional. Um, just getting 20% off a hundred percent money back guarantee. Like, like you need to give you more specific into that area.

This is cool. Uh, it doesn't really grab my attention. Um, not really a girl though.

So like, I'm not really interested in this. So like, I'm trying to look at it from that perspective as well, but it definitely, I feel like that could be fixed up a little bit. I like this, a very good educational video, top of funnel.

I like this. I like this. Get beautiful eyes in less than a minute.

I love that hook right there. This is awesome. I love this.

Very good job on that right there. Okay. So right here with this hook, um, what I would recommend is like the Instagram, like bold text, um, that you see in like Instagram stories and stuff is go ahead and use that for like a text overlay.

And then put something like, you need these lashes. Like you probably write down a few of them. You need these lashes.

Um, the secret slashes. I've, I've never, uh, the, my secret eyelashes. My friends are asking me about like come up with a few different hooks and that you can really help out with improving performance and stuff.

Um, I'd also take this video, try a 32nd variation, a 15 second variation, um, as well, and see what those would look like in terms of performance and stuff. As we could see some stuff like that as well. Um, I would also test more ad copy variations here as well.

This seems to be the oldest one. This one just started running maybe like a week ago. Um, but yeah, overall very good.

Honestly, I give wing formula a solid, a minus. There was a few things we pointed out on everything, but wing formula is obviously a pretty solid brand. Um, I definitely think they're set up very well for scaling.

And then they also have a very strong retention side. Uh, so they have a lot of different products, products and everything. Let's go to shop all, they have a lot of different products to upsell.

If you're not doing email marketing or SMS and upselling people on products and coming out with new products once a month, you're missing out a lot of money. Keep a very strong content calendar in play and keep things fun and entertaining with your brand, uh, what's your demographic likes. A lot of cool things, lots, a lot of new things very often.

So you really need to focus on that. But look, weak formula, solid job right there. All right, guys, we're saving the best one for last.

This particular store is from a guy named Dean and Dean claims he's currently getting like a 5X ROAS on top of funnel. So I'm expecting some really high quality stuff here. So it's called original fitwear.com.

So I'm definitely going to see some type of performance gear style clothing right here. And yeah, um, same thing. Where's the wow, where is it?

I just see a closeup of a guy in a parking garage, which I don't understand what's to do with parking garage and fitness brands. It's like literally a mustard on a hot dog. It has to happen every time.

Um, but I definitely recommend gym training all with, you know, great looking people in your performance gear, um, and do some really cool stuff like that. And then, yeah, uh, limits edition only 90 made. Why?

Like what's going on? Is this a new release, new collection, big fall sell drop only 90 made get yours today. Boom.

Epic video. Like that's how you like really wow people that front, um, particular one. So great job on the studio photography.

The studio photography looks really good. Very easy to see the product, very well spaced and everything. Um, I definitely would go a little bit more into the brand though.

It's just like the original fit wear shop, best sellers, like really show and dig deeper into the brand and, um, establishing that brand identity right there. So it looks like you do male and female as well. These look pretty good.

Original fit wear, um, plastic joggers, two colors. Cool. First off, I just have to give you mad props because if you are claiming, if you're getting what you're claiming, the five extra as a top of funnel, fitness is a very, very competitive space just because every single person now has their own fitness brand.

And it's very hard to like keep like staying out, like, Oh, like, you know, kind of distinct from everyone. Um, so I definitely give you mad props Dean for that specific area. So let's go check out your product pages and actually see what that looks like.

Uh, very good job with the after pay. I think that's the first after pay we seen all night. Very good job with that.

Again, I would challenge you to test a add to cart color, um, maybe black or versus like a blue or red or green, just a different color that matches your brand. We see these high contrast ads card buttons always convert better because it's easier to see. It doesn't blend in with the website.

Um, lots of really good photos of the pants and multiple different scenarios. You may be able to zoom in closer. Like, you know, I can only need to see like this part, whereas I don't really need to see like what you're wearing.

Um, and also kind of like, I don't know, the shoes kind of like devalue it a little bit. Um, I definitely would recommend checking out Alphalete. I wear all of their stuff all the time.

I love their stuff. Um, of course I don't want to drop, so I can't really get into the website. Um, but they have a lot of really good, you know, studio photography.

Um, I, I believe so, you know, I definitely recommend checking out some of their stuff of how they kind of like do some of the photography for like their men's clothing and everything like that. So, um, definitely recommend checking that out, but I definitely recommend you have more of a crop up here. It's gonna make the pants like closer to the screen because you'll be doing square right here versus trying to square of trying to fit your lower half of your body inside in there.

Um, or the particular models, uh, body inside of there. So love you talking about, you know, four way stretch premium butter, soft material, elastic waistband for comfort. Cool.

Above the knee, semi-fitted design and purpose. This, this seems a little long just to say that they're true to size and they fit above the knee. Like I definitely would challenge you to shorten this up and just go straight to the point.

Um, these sharts are designed to sit above the knee and be semi-fitted. Um, these sharts fit true to size and they're designed to fit above the knee. So I feel like you can shorten some of this up right here, just a little bit.

Uh, just cause it, it makes me like my initial considerations. Like, Hey, I don't really want to read that. So, um, 30 day, easy returns, free Australian shipping orders.

I love that. Just more brand promise and stuff. Um, lots of good reviews, epic love it.

And then, you know, you have like your upsell and stuff. Let's actually add to cart. Uh, Oh, I love that.

Add $55 to unlock free Australian shipping. So that's very, very important is to have a, uh, um, you know, a shipping constraint. Hey, if you, you know, do over $55 or spend over a hundred bucks on, on, um, order, then essentially what happens is that you get free shipping.

And this encourages me to spend more because people are more inclined to spend more on getting more product versus paying shipping. Um, it's very common. So I really love that.

Obviously you got all your sizes and everything, and that looks good as well. So those looks really good. Let's check out the, um, let's do women's.

Oh, okay. So that's something right there. Um, instead of me having to click down and like click on one of these, you should definitely add like an all products.

So like all women's products, all men's products versus having to click on one of these right here. Maybe I just want to see it all. So definitely wouldn't challenge you as well to look into that about us blog reviews.

Cool. Love it. Let's dive into your ad side.

Website is pretty solid. Just again, it's not really, there's no personality to it. And that's what you're really missing is adding that personality and seasoning the website.

You got a solid B plus website right here, which easily can convert two to 5% of traffic, but now it's, it's more building into that demographic and that identity. And that's what it lacks right now. It's very vanilla and you need to ask more identity to it.

And that's, that's really what is going to take your brand to that next level. Um, that's something that a lot of fitness brands struggle with and the brands that have done that, um, they excel very well because it really allows people to mold into the brand. So, um, good job with that.

All right. This is something that I hate is that I cannot get to your social media from your homepage. I do not like that.

Um, bottom right here or top right here, make it easy for us to get to your social media, um, about us, you know, the only goes about us. No. Okay.

About us. It's also a great place to talk about the founders. Talk about maybe the don't, you know, the donations you do and stuff like that.

Like it's a really great place for that. Um, yeah. Okay.

Let me try to get into your, uh, social media. So I managed to make it to their ads library now, and honestly, it's not much going on here. So all new training essentials we're putting in the work shorts, top singles, single ads, premium quality materials after pay shopper bin.

Um, I really liked the ad copy looking for new gym gear. So I really like these and obviously I know you're converting really well. So I do have a few questions.

So MoFu and BoFu, um, you have some pretty decent amount of followers, Instagram about 2700 followers. You're probably getting a lot of those people that's been following you to repurchase and stuff. One thing I really would challenge you is to look at the market sophistication.

So with gym wear and everything is it's a very sophisticated market. And what that means is basically, um, like say for example, the cars, like no, one's running commercials of that. You need a car, you know, where to find a car, but you don't know where to find the best deal at.

You don't know where to find, um, and that's, that's pretty big one right there. You don't know which one's the best one to get right now. Like you go buy a car.

Like the first thing is like, what's the best SUV I can get. You're comparing against each other. And that's where it really comes out to the selling points.

So because of gym wear, everyone has a gym wear brand. You really want to focus on those unique things that set your brand apart. Um, the vibe, the fillings, the brand gives off the, the, the, the traction it has is one of the biggest key points, but to how's your gym gear better than the other 50 brands selling gym gear.

You know, you have some premium, um, premium zipper. That's never been on any other pants before. Like, like literally look at those specifics right there.

Also, maybe it's the things you honor, like, Hey, if you rip a pair of pants and your first year of training, uh, with them on, we offer a full one year warranty and we'll, we'll replace it for you. Um, cause I know that's a big problem right now. You know, particularly my girlfriend, uh, she just ripped a pair of, um, biker shorts, complete accident.

Um, and like kind of sucks, you know, to not get that back. Um, but like, obviously it's our fault, you know, et cetera. Now what could be great is there's people that have that problem, um, maybe training in it, rip it and then like, Oh shit.

Okay. Now you're going to spend 50, 60 bucks and purchase a new one. It'd be cool to have some type of warranty on it to where, and you can even do this as an upsell.

Hey, purchase this shirt for 60 bucks out of $5 warranty to it. And for one year, if anything happens to it, we'll replace it. That's really cool.

I like that great upsell and a great unique selling point. Uh, so like that's something right there is to check out. Um, very good job on this few photos.

Really love that. Sorry about that. Hubert a little tired right now, but last video, so almost done.

So yeah, so that's big right there. Um, and like for your ads, really focus on that also to your ads, bring a more life to it. Show some UGC.

If people wearing it talking about how amazing, how soft it is, how great it is and everything. Um, but overall, I mean, just the ads itself, like just from a general perspective, they look good. I feel like they just lack at the, the one thing that your brand lacks is separating it from the other gym wear brands.

Um, I think overall for someone completely new to gym wear, uh, your brand looks great. It has all the cool stuff to it, but someone who has seen a hundred different gym wear brands, um, I've been around since like the shreds when that first initially came out, but I've seen a lot. And that's the single biggest thing of what keeps gym wear brands from growing is developing that brand identity.

And that's something that's going to go down to more repetition of consistently relaying the same message over and over and over, um, consistently standing out and consistently staying on top with the newest and best clothing. And that is what's going to really propel your brand forward and why so many other brands don't do this and fell in their clothing brand. So mad props to you getting the, you know, three to five extra turn on that's been you're currently doing right now.

Um, great job, Dean, uh, definitely just focusing more on that brand identity. And I can see your brand really, really taken off and going very far. Uh, so really dig into that.

Um, I also to something with the ad account structure is you really want to lead with your top selling products, have them in stock year round, and then you consistently keep selling and launching, doing multiple, multiple different launches as that's going to increase your LTV and you're going to be way more profitable. So you'll, you can scale way harder upfront, be like break even, but then a customer purchase from you 10 more times, which is going to increase that LTV, increase your profits. And it's going to be really well for you, uh, Dean, I give your store a solid, a minus.

Um, I, I, I really, like I said, I think you have everything topped off perfectly. You're just lacking that level of brand identity that separates you from purchasing, purchasing from all the other brands. Uh, I would go for, uh, really work on that and relaying that over in your ads, your organic, your messaging, your emails, all that good stuff.

Um, and that's, what's going to actually increase for ROAS increased performance because people are going to feel like at home when they're purchasing with you and your identity, and they'd be very happy to promote your brand. So Dean, keep crushing it, brother. Uh, you look like you don't want a very good job so far.

Uh, you're only going up from here, my man. All right. And the last one right here, I think I just said the best for last and the last one, but the absolute last one, skin craft.com.

Uh, to be honest, I didn't even see it at first until I scrolled it down. Uh, let's go here. All right.

So screen craft.com. This is pretty much me folks opening it, celebrate your uniqueness with screen skin crafts, customized beauty solutions, beauty solutions. Okay.

I like this. It is a very easy to read. Boom.

Get tailor-made products for your hair, skin, nutrition, know your skin, know your hair, know your nutrition. Okay. I love it.

You're going to know your skin. Okay, cool. So it's a quiz funnel.

So I'm guessing you go through the quiz and then you, you basically get like, you know, here's what you need. And that actually works really well for some products like that, because it's like you go through the quiz funnel and then here's what you need. So for more complex products that can actually be very, it converts really well.

Um, you got a video. Okay. So you have a video right here.

Um, I definitely would recommend having this more centered right here, this right above it. And just automatically, maybe not automatically playing, but maybe a reason why I should click on this. I feel like it's just sitting there and I off curiosity, I click on it, but I feel like you should have something that makes people more inclined to click on that.

Um, really cool offer, but I, this is like the literally the first thing I look at when I get on the screen. So you really want to direct more attention to this so that way we can push people down through the funnel. Um, great job at further educating people on how this works.

I love that. Oh, I love this showing off a few different people and their test results. That's really cool.

Cause now it's like, Oh, I really want to know what I am. Know your skin or your cool. I love this more social proof right there in the news, way more social proof.

Um, great job so far, a plus like this looks really good or a minus. This looks really good. Just one little drag that below.

Maybe that centered and something that makes me want to click on this. Like, I feel like I've, it's just sitting there and off curiosity, I want to click on it. But if there's more something that grabbed my attention and really thrives and really pushed me to, to click on this and watch this, I'd be way more inclined.

Um, and especially to actually watch it all the way through. Cause I'm not pre-framed with anything to watch all the way through. So go to your shop, all products, customized regimens for women and men.

Awesome. I love this. Uh, this looks very high quality.

Um, pretty decent, like spacing in between these products and stuff. Cool. Showing off a lot of the products.

Lot. I mean, very good color scheme and all that stuff. Um, let's just click one of these to see what it looks like.

Boom. Jen there. Okay.

I wonder how different it is. Cool. Select other skin type.

That's cool. I like that. Pretty cool.

Pretty cool. Like Barry, I can tell they definitely spent a lot of money on this website. Um, just really perfecting it.

Um, and making it look really good. Very good job at that. So let's go to hair care regimen.

Wow. I love this landing page. This is awesome.

This is really good. So India is number one hair cast. Take the hair quiz.

So it's still forcing you to go through that quiz. Really good reviews, really good design hair care made for you. Just really enforcing like what's all going on here.

Um, you know, like enforcing, trying to find the right hair care products, really hitting on that, that pain point, uh, find the right products with skin craft, take their care, quiz, how to use no touch manufacturing process. Okay. So I'm guessing that's a pretty big, Oh wait, there's a few different things.

Okay, cool. Uh, reviews where our customers say that's really great. So, so far website, I give it an A plus.

Um, I mean, a minus is that one little thing, but honestly just these, the how well designed and stuff, it just kind of makes me send back to like an A plus on that. So very good job on that. Let's just go straight forward to the ad side.

Um, a student outside and let's do the Instagram side. So, uh, 234,000 followers. Wow.

Okay, cool. So we're, we're definitely dealing with a brand right here. Um, that is spending some money on, uh, their Facebook ads.

So let's see if I can actually get to their page skin craft. Okay. Here we go.

Yeah, they're running 920 ads. So they're easily doing seven figures a month. Um, not going to lie.

Not, I don't want to expose you guys at skin craft right here. Uh, but definitely, you guys are crushing it. Celebrate your uniqueness with skin crafts, customized beauty solutions.

I am type get tailor-made skin and hair care products that are made to suit your needs. So just very, very straight forward, uh, selling here in terms of like what's going on. Uh, this seems to be more of like a middle funnel bomb, a funnel ad.

Um, this might be more of a top of funnel ad. Uh, let's see a few things going on here. Okay.

This is awesome. Love it. Good, good quality video.

Um, I definitely though, with this video here, let's see, like I, I'm not really like looking at this subtitle. So maybe we can fix the subtitles and try to subtitles on a few different spots. Um, but otherwise, I mean, yeah, these are perfectly good ads right here.

Really good. Cool. Showing off some excitement going off right there.

Um, great little offer. I think probably for more people in the bottom funnel, middle funnel. There we go.

More UGC and stuff find the perfect skincare products for brighter, healthy. I mean, just overall really good job. Um, I, I definitely think there's a portion of this that it's mostly just the product itself that's doing all of the selling.

And then the second portion right here of, um, just having some really good creatives and great ads that are really, uh, hitting on that current problem, providing that great solution and stuff and how easy it is. And yeah, very good job. I look a plus, this is a really great brand to look at.

Um, it looks like they're mostly advertising in India. Cool thing about India. Let me just give you an example of this.

I would not be surprised if these people are getting a 10 X return on ads, men, um, I've worked with, or I did consulting with an account that was doing a fashion brand in India and she was literally getting a 10 X row as, um, India, the CPMs are extremely cheap. So if you can, if you can get a product moving in that particular area, your row ass can be through the roof. Um, super, super profitable because not many people advertise there.

So just a little, little something, something to think about right there. Um, yeah, skin craft. Look, thank you so much for commenting.

I mean, you're crushing it. Uh, very good job. Keep up the great work.

Uh, this is just a great example of a brand that gets everything put together and has just skyrocketed, uh, their business. So major a plus skin craft. Um, I really appreciate you checking out the channel and stuff.

I'm assuming that's you and not just someone commenting on, uh, you know, the channel with skin graphs name. So, wow. This is probably the longest YouTube video I've ever filmed.

I feel like I've been talking for literally, I've been filming this video now for an hour and a half. Uh, so you guys probably see about 50 minutes, maybe a 55 minute version. And I've been filming it for an hour and a half.

So I literally could watch a whole movie in this time span, which is just crazy to think about. Um, thank you guys so much for watching this video. I'll probably do these once a month.

Um, every now and then I'll just drop it. I may do this more individualistic YouTube video where it's like kind of reviewing the ad thing where I'm going down to one ad per video versus a variety of ads, because this can get very long and very repetitive very quickly. So I definitely don't want to burn you guys out on that, but there was a lot, a lot, lots of takeaways on this video.

I really hope you guys implement some. Um, yeah. So really appreciate you guys watching this video.

Um, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday guys. My name is Nick Therrio. If you're interested in working with me and my agency, we actually run Facebook ads for econ brands, um, as well as tick tock ads.

Uh, if you're interested, click the link below book, call me, my team will send you off like our digital strategy for your brand. Specifically, you can take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with this if you choose. So make sure you click the link below to book that call.

And, uh, yeah, guys, I gotta hop out, gotta roll. So thank you so much until next week, you guys have a great freaking day. Talk to you guys later.