Why does ROAS drop as you scale? Well, today I'll be showing you exactly why ROAS drops as you scale and what can you do to improve that. So first thing I want you to see is this particular circle right here.

This is everyone in your marketplace and you have 10 minutes, again, 10 minutes to find me four red circles in this particular diagram. Go ahead. Timer starting now.

Okay, now look, let's just be realistic here. It probably took you five seconds to find those four red circles and great work. You're very resourceful with your time, right?

So this is a great example. Hey, Facebook, you have 24 hours to find me purchases for, let's just say $10 cost per purchase or $30 cost per acquisition. Whatever your ideal cost per purchase is, this is an example right there.

Replace the 10 minutes with 24 hours and replace the four red circles with CPA cost per purchase. And again, everyone has a different cost per purchase. No one has the same cost per purchase because it's depending on what your brand needs to be able to hit their goals.

So we'll just use a $10 cost per purchase in this example. Hey, Facebook, you have 24 hours to give me $10 cost for purchase. So right now I want you to find me 40 red circles.

You cannot use the same circle twice. Cool. You know, in this example, there's just not enough circles.

So right now I want you to find me 40 red circles. You cannot use the same circle twice. Cool.

You know, in this example, there's just not enough circles in here. There's just not, I don't know the exact number. It looks like five, about 10.

There's 10 circles in here and we want it 40. So, Hey, Facebook, I want you to give me 40 purchases today and you have 24 hours. Well, Facebook could only find you 10.

What happens here? Guess what? Your cost per purchase rises.

You're not as profitable. Now this is because the ads you have can only appeal to this number of people. So let's go to another example right here.

In this example, you have two different types of ads. You have some red ads and you have some black ads and Facebook, you have 10 minutes to find me 10 circles that can be red or black. You have two different creatives that are appealing to two different types of people.

And in this example right here, you're giving it 10 minutes to go find these 10 circles, right? This example, you know, because now you've added additional assets, different creatives for Facebook to appeal to different types of people, you could find the red circles and the black circles made it very easy. So guess what?

What happens when you start increasing that spin again, you jump up, you want Facebook to find you 30 purchases in a day. Well, guess what? You know, you have some circles that are red, some circles that are black, but you just don't have enough.

So last example right here is you have 10 minutes to find me 30 circles, be red, black, or purple. And yeah, long story short, there's enough circles here. Facebook finds it, you succeed, great work.

So when you increase spin, this is essentially what you're doing right here. You're putting more pressure on Facebook to find more people who resonate with your ad. But if not a lot of people resonate with your ad, this is what happens right here.

You're spending, you're increasing the number of circles you want Facebook to find you on a daily basis. And it might find you a couple more, but eventually hit a point where it just can't find you enough. And it's not the ad account.

It's not the optimization. It's not the campaign. It's not the targeting.

It's the creative that you're leveraging. And this example right here, we have a couple different creatives in the ad accounts. We have a purple creative, we have a black creative, we have a red creative.

All three of them work together to hit that 30 circles a day or 30 purchases a day. That's a lot better than four purchases a day. That's a little over 10Xing your orders per day, your order volume.

So this is where we need creatives that resonate with large amounts of people. This is where desire, market sophistication, market awareness, these fundamentals that we leverage to be able to build creatives that position ourselves in front of our market in ways that's going to drive them to make sales from you. This is how and why it's important on the things you film because not everything you film in Uploads or Creative will be a winner.

You have to be very articulate of what you plan out in that creative to appeal to those people. These are all very important things that we have to take into account when we're creating ads for clients if we want to appeal to large amounts of people and how we can take accounts from spending a couple hundred dollars a day to a couple thousand dollars a day profitably. So hopefully this helps you out with why does raw ass drop as you scale and what can you do to improve that?

Thank you all so much watching. Make sure you hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you're interested in me running your ads, we specifically help brands go from six figures to seven figures a month in revenue. Click the link below, have Nick Terrio run your ads. If you want to get access to my private mentoring group, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

And if you want the course that specifically showcases how you can go from $50, $100 a day with Facebook to how we can spend $1,000 a day profitably, click the link below for Nick's Facebook ads course. Thank you all for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

Peace out.