These are the exact hooks you need to be running right now to just absolutely crush it for Q4. What we find in Q4 is that yes, you'll have your Black Friday creatives. Yes, you'll have your Christmas creatives and stuff like that.

But what so many people miss out on that literally has generated us millions of dollars for our clients in Q4 is gifting. And these are like the top 20 gifting hooks that you can leverage for your store. And I want to go and break these down with you guys.

I'm probably pop open up like chat GPT and show you guys how you kind of tweak them a little bit for yourself. With that being said, here are the top 20 gifting hooks you need to be running to make a ridiculous amount of money in Q4. So starting off, one of probably the simplest ones is just like looking for the perfect gift.

And we're going to open up Claude real quick. And we're going to actually kind of do this for you guys. So you know, you could do like looking for the perfect gift, for example, let's just say we sell, you know, these candles right here.

This is a sweet tobacco candle right here. Our ideal customer is a mom of two kids who loves a good candle at the end of the day. Boom.

Actually, to be fair, this is going to be our ideal customer is a let's just do daughter is a daughter who is looking for the perfect gift for her mom. Our candle smells like sweet tobacco for her mom for Christmas. Boom.

And then from here, what you want to do is you can take some of these hooks like this, and we can copy those in and paste them in here. Please use these hooks as templates to write me more. Boom.

Check this out. So for the look for the perfect gift for mom, our sweet tobacco candle is a cozy surprise. Last minute Christmas gift ideas that ship super fast.

Mom will love our unique tobacco scented candle running out of gift ideas for mom light up her light up her Christmas bar sweet tobacco candle. Stop strolling if you want a great gift idea for mom this Christmas sweet tobacco candle instant cozy vibes the perfect gift for mom a luxurious sweet can tobacco candle shield treasure perfect gift from daughter to mother or daughter to mom show her you care if our comforting tobacco signal sent cool. So like this is great example right here of how you guys can kind of pull through these which you can do is you can actually just screenshot like pause the video screenshot these and then like do yourself.

I'm just gonna kind of pull a few more for you guys on this give a sentimental gift to those you love our sweet tobacco candle brings warmth to mom's heart delight your mom for gift she'll treasure for years. I've never seen my mom so happy I surprise her with this sweet tobacco candle and then let's do one more top shopping finds our sweet tobacco candles ultimate gift for mom stocking stuff for gift ideas surprise mom with our luxury sweet tobacco candle cool. So I love this now what we're gonna do is as Dan Kennedy please select me five of the best hooks we can use for an ad then create an ad for each we're gonna go uh in a second actually kind of clean this up a little bit now I wouldn't use these as finalized hooks but what I would do is I'll tweak them a little bit so like attention daughters the perfect gift Christmas gift for mom this does exist this year I'll just kind of skip this part I just don't really care for that this year give her something she'll truly cherish our sweet luxurious to tweet the back candles to get though keeps on giving unique comforting scent she won't find anywhere else elegant packaging that says I put it through into this okay imagine mom's face when she unwraps this picture in a moment it's Christmas morning mom picks up your gift curiosity in her eyes okay cool warning this is not your average Mother's Day gift I would probably kind of tweak that a little bit because obviously we're trying to go for Christmas and Q4 and stuff procrastinators your last minute gift all right so these are all pretty good one more thing please select five of the ones that were written from templates they didn't really use our templates out where they want it okay cool there we go now tailor these to our ideal customer there you're calling all daughters your mom gift search ends here hey daughter stop scrolling we got the Christmas gift idea from mom you've been searching for daughter skip the jeans tree mom to this instead attention daughters alert daughters it's not your average okay cool so like these are some decent things like they would need a little bit more time like in terms of like tweaking and stuff like that but this is just more so what I really want to kind of strive to you guys of one just some of these unique get thing angles and then two the next thing I really want to do is just how quickly you can kind of craft that together using Claude obviously I would pull these as ideas and then what I would be looking at is what are the big swings so like a big swing for me is delight your mom with a gift she'll treasure for years whereas like imagine a reaction when she unwraps our unique sweet tobacco candle this Christmas warmer her heart this holiday surprise mom with the soothing so I try to do things do hooks that sound very different from each other and I'd probably what I'll do is I'll pull about six to twelve of those and I would also map out who is gifting to mom and who is like obviously like this candle could be literally gifted from anyone to everyone but I would try to map out a few different people that would actually buy this for a certain person and then I would look at is who are those certain people they are buying for and I would write those different hooks craft about twelve of these and get these live for November first and trust me you'll start printing money as do I do UGC do I do photos do a mix of content don't reuse content go film fresh content for each one of these and trust me it works extremely well so hope you guys enjoy this video hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and if you want me to run your Facebook ads click link below have Nick Terry run your Facebook ads and if you want me to mentor you where I hop in look in your ad account look at your ad account look at your creatives and actually kind of get you guided correctly of what you need to do step by step to improve your results then click link below to have Nick Terry mentor you thank you guys so much for watching hope you have a rest of your day peace out