How to run Facebook ads when you have multiple different products. This is a question that has been common inside of my comments. And it's something that I personally have struggled with when it came down to my first few clients of how to actually go about this.

And I'm excited to finally share this video specifically with you guys on how to basically structure your approach and your strategy when you have multiple different products in a store and how to set up kind of like the structure of the campaigns and things like that. So before we get started, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriot and I basically run a digital agency. We've spent roughly around $750 to $1 million a month on Facebook ads.

And I basically make all these videos completely for free to help you guys grow and scale your business to eventually get to a point one day to be able to work with me and my agency. So with that being said, let's dive into the video. So first, before we start diving into, okay, you have multiple different products, you're pushing Facebook ads.

And the biggest headache, I guess, that a lot of people experience is the fact that the multiple campaigns. And look, to be honest, guys, the way my ad account structure looked like when I was running ads for this, the first time for a store with multiple different products, I literally had something that looked like this. So I would have like literally the same thing for product two and then on going.

Okay. So it was consistent. All right.

So I would literally have like three campaigns per product and I'd probably have like three to six products active at a time. And the problem with this is it basically goes and creates anywhere from, you know, nine to 18 campaigns at once. Okay.

Now, what is the problem with 18 campaigns at once? That becomes very difficult to manage. So how do you actually go ahead and address this?

And again, for this particular store, this was a clothing store. So just to give a heads up for you guys as well, um, of what was being pushed in that asset. And that's, you know, particular instance right there.

So, um, I've done a lot of research development and, you know, even talks to a lot of big brands to, to basically be able to overcome that to now where when we get a multi-product store, it's quite easily the easiest thing to be able to scale and grow. Sorry. I thought someone's not kind of the door, but it was my dog simply putting his phone on the ground.

So the strategy we take now is first off, we have to ask ourselves is a, is, multiple products needed. Okay. So the big question we ask ourselves is multiple products needed.

And the reason why we ask ourselves is because a lot of people try to push multiple different products, multiple different campaigns all at once when it's just not needed. Okay. And look, I've worked with clients and partners that are like, Hey, Nick, we need to be running campaigns for all products to push all the products and stuff like that.

And it burned a lot of money. Okay. Now we basically come in and we're like, Hey, first off, you don't need to push all your products.

Secondly, you need to go ahead and look at it from, okay, what is the best selling products? And that's the first thing you got to do. Okay.

So if you sit back, what is the best sellers? So let's say for example, right now, you know, we have a clothing brand, maybe it's, you know, um, jeans or let's just actually give it a little bit more specific black jeans too. Maybe it's, uh, like green shirt and number three, it's, I don't know, blue skirt.

Okay. So basically what I do is I like to take all of my best selling products that have the same persona, you know, cause like this is going to be a woman right here selling, buying this. Now, if I was selling to men, I would have a different persona and have a, um, um, men's persona and that perspective right there.

So what I would do is, is I would group all the best sellers based off in this particular scenario and I'd put them in one campaign. So I'd have one campaign times one ad set. And then literally I would have times all my ads.

Okay. All my ads. And then each ad laugh, you know, product, say for example, green shirt, blue jeans, black skirt.

So I take all my best sellers and this could be approach number one. Okay. And then best sellers all in one campaign.

And then what you want to do is the second thing is you want to make sure stock is high. Okay. And here's the, basically the strategy with this, you have one campaign, you know, dedicated for, if you're a clothing brand, you have a women's line and a men's line.

We want to specifically grow the women's line and that aspect right there. We'll take one campaign, one ad set. I only do broad targeting.

I don't do any other interests or look likes or things like that. This would be a CBO campaign times one ad set with all of my best selling products. Okay.

I wouldn't like, I would look at the top three. Don't look at your top 20 because likely the top 20 is you're just pulling stuff as best at cells. That's it.

Look at your top three. So let's look at that too as well. Top three best sellers.

Okay. So I'm a look and I'm going to look at my business. I'm going to see what's the top three best selling products.

And essentially what I'm going to do is I'm going to put them all in one campaign, one ad set. Boom. Now I'll have a second campaign for testing.

That's testing for all of my campaigns. So let's say if I have, you know, other campaigns in here, this account, I will have one dedicated testing campaign, and you can actually see this exact strategy and how it works by going, watch my video, how to build a Facebook ads campaign from scratch or watching my seven part series where in video five, six, and seven, I'll talk about how I structure my ad account specifically with testing and things like that. Okay.

And I would just keep filling this particular campaign with all of my bestselling bestsellers and any new ads I find around my bestsellers. Now the approach number two, I will take, and this is also not a bad one either is if I have a multi-product store, what I'm going to do is I'm still going to do the same thing. I'm going to do one campaign times one ad set.

And then, you know, all of my ads inside of here, add one, add two, add three. And this is just called more of collections. Okay.

And I'm going to do one collection per campaign. Okay. And the objective here is that, for example, what I'm going to do is I'm driving traffic to the collection and I'm showing off all the different products within that collection.

Okay. So that's basically the objective here. The creative is creative is showing off collection plus, you know, benefits slash features.

Okay. Cool. Showing off all the collection.

Here's a new summer collection that just dropped and, you know, explore all the cool styles, yada, yada, yada. And I'm driving traffic specifically to a collections page. Okay.

This also works really good too, because what it is, it's basically taking the, the mall approach as well. I like to call it. So if you go walk through a shopping mall specifically, and you're walking through the mall and you see like a pink shirt or, you know, black jeans, whatever you're into, and you see it in the, the window of a particular store, what's going to happen is, is you're going to see that.

And then you're going to want to go and check into that store. When you go walk in that store, you'll leave with something that's not even what you caught your attention and brought you into. So that's basically the philosophy around that as well.

We'll also see that too, running the best sellers campaign will attract people with our best selling products, but then we'll, we'll, they'll purchase other products as well. So this is, you're just driving traffic to a collection page. And then this, you're driving traffic to a product page.

So just to make sure you are aware of that. Okay. So that's another approach.

And then approach number three, this comes down more to, let's say, for example, where a men's clothing line specifically, and we're pushing a best sellers campaign, we're crushing it for scaling or growing the business in that sense right there. But then we want to launch a women's collection. Okay.

What we're going to do is we're going to create a second campaign to push specifically for that women's line, because we want to grow it and push revenue. So we're not running Facebook ads with the intention of, Hey, here's our best sellers. It's more of the intention of, Hey, we need to grow this line specifically.

Okay. So approach number three is just looking at what are your business objectives? Okay.

So maybe we need to push a new product that just dropped or collection. Okay. Boom.

So in this sense right here, we're basically going ahead and we're, Hey, we need to push traffic specifically to this product or this collection. So here let's create a new campaign and let's force spin to these specific things. Even though we're not best sellers yet, best selling collections or products yet, we need to grow this specific line of the business.

Okay. We need to move inventory. Let's start pushing that aspect right there.

So then I'd create a second campaign to push traffic to it. So these are three key approaches I take. And realistically, I keep it pretty simple because I actually discourage a lot of people from having, um, for trying to push a lot of different products in the store.

Cause the likelihood is, you know, you'll have, um, a few products in your store. You'll have like product one, you know, two, three, four, five. And like product one will be like 70% of your sales.

And like to be like, I don't know, 20% or like, let me say that 20%. So like 15%. Um, then this will be like 10% of sales.

And this will be like, you know, 4%. That's be like 1%. Okay.

That'll be like your, your four or five products. Now the key here is why would you market this product when, when you barely attribute a lot of your sales? Okay.

You need to look at, Hey, product one sells the best. So let's double down on it. Okay.

So we need to view, Hey, we, yes, we have a lot of products, but how can we take one product and double down our efforts on it to focus on acquiring as many customers as possible? So instead of focusing, um, our efforts on the side of, Hey, let's try to scale and grow revenues for all of our products. Let's just take our best performing product.

That has a really good row. A lot of people want it hot and how can we use it as a customer acquisition tool? Okay.

And then from there, use things like organic email, organic and email to get people to repeat purchase and they purchase other products. Okay. So this is a big thing that was a big shift for us is that, okay, cool.

Yes. We have a few different approaches. So we can structure your ad account, things like that and push.

Now, the next thing is when we're deciding those products, why do we need 10, 20, 30 different products in the ad account? That's just makes no sense at all. So let's take the top one, two or three products that does amazing on a robust perspective that we have a lot of stock of, and let's push a lot of efforts on it and scaling up as high as we can and using them as purely as a acquisition tool to acquire new customers.

Cause look, to be honest, it's a lot easier just to focus on one product and creating a ton of ads around it and really scaling the business forward with that one product versus trying to scale and create ads for 20 products. It's just going to be really hard, hard to manage, and it's going to be very difficult to do in an effective way. If you have one product you can push really hard to scale, keep a lot of inventory of use as a customer acquisition tool.

And then you have these other products. You can upsell them and, um, through like email marketing and organic content, text reminders, SMS, things like that, that's really powerful because it's an extend the LTV. So you're, you're using the CPA, acquire as many customers as possible, which are one product, your main bestseller, and then using your other products to increase that repeat purchase rate.

Okay. And this is the biggest thing that moved the needle for me when it came down to running multi-product stores. Okay.

Um, all of our stores looked like this. We had 70% of our sales come from one product. And then guess what it would sell out and all sales would drop.

And I'd be like, Hey, why are we fighting the momentum right here? Just go purchase more inventory that purchase more inventory and restock sell out immediately. So I'm like, go purchase 10 X amount you think you need, and let's go push as hard as possible.

And that's how we're able to scale. Cause we were focusing on products that are in stock. We had ample inventory and we knew we're best sellers.

Okay. So this has been the biggest thing that cracked our business, um, for all of our multi-product stores we work with, and it's really allowed us to, to break past those plateaus and things like that in the business. And yeah, we have one campaign ad accounts, you know, two campaigns, one prospecting, one testing and ad accounts.

And we're able to scale with no issues at all. While other people are like, well, we need 20 different campaigns, one for each product. We need a tofu, mofu, bofu, all that stuff like that.

Well, we don't do retargeting anymore. Don't do any mofu, bofu or anything like that. Um, simply just do prospecting.

Um, we only use one audience broad and we just put all of our best ads that we find. And by creating new ads on a weekly basis with the intention to create ads, that's going to increase the business's revenue and things like that. And yeah, we're crushing it.

So that's what I recommend for you guys for like, Hey, what do you do? Nick for a multi-product store? If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you're a business owner doing at least 50 to a hundred K a month in revenue, make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team. While putting a call together, we'll do a strategy session around your business. You can take that and run with it, or you'll have the option to work with us if you choose.

So thank you guys again for watching this video. My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later.

Peace.