Are you running Facebook ads and sales have stopped or maybe came to a dwindle and you're seeing less and less on a daily basis? Well, today I'll be going over a few things that you could test out. There's really no one direct answer, but there's a couple of things that you can try out to see if it'll help out with your situation.

So before we get started, if you're wondering who I am and why I'm credible to teach any types of things, well, my name is Nick Theriault. I run a marketing agency. I also coach and mentor students, and I've done over $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads.

So today's video, I'll be going over step-by-step of what you can do to improve your situation. And before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. All right.

Sell stuff from Facebook ads, question mark. So first off, let's take a step back and let's look at the full sales process of Facebook. So you have your ad right here.

And then in that ad, people have to appeal to the product and you also have to connect with that target audience as well. So you have two different variables right here. You have the product and you're in your ability to connect and effectively communicate with your target audience.

Then people are going to go to your product page. And then after the product page, they'll make that purchase, you know, that adds a cart and go to checkout. So you have kind of four key things here or yeah, four key things.

You have your product, you have a connection of that target audience, you have your product page to purchase. And if any of these things are broken, then like you're not going to see performance. So, and we'll go over what I mean by each one.

So number one is you have a bad product. So for example, if you tried to sell an iPhone 4.0 in 2023, you'll get some sales, but it's been very few people. And it's been very difficult for finding people that honestly just want an iPhone 4.

So it's going to be very difficult to sell that product. There's not a strong enough desire across the market to move that product. And it's not a superior product.

So even the people that are finding that product and seeing your ad, they're going to look at other iPhones and immediately realize there's an iPhone 14 or 13 on the market that's substantially better. So you're just going to be doing free promotion for the iPhone 14. So in this situation, just simply having a better product would improve this particular situation.

The next one is that unique mechanism of the product does not have mass appeal. So a mechanism is the process to result. So for example, let me tell you this, I have a solution for you that, you know, you could get started today.

Very easy. Get started today. You can start with as little as maybe $50 down.

And as far as little as $50, I'm going to show you a way that's going to allow you to scale to a million dollars a month with your Shopify store in as little as 30 days. Oh, wow, Nick, what is it? What is it?

Okay, look, sit tight, like get ready. Well, it's called the Nick's DM approach. And what you're going to do is you're going to get on your phone.

You're going to, as soon as you wake up in the morning, it's very important. You start off about 6am and open your Instagram app. And you're going to go into the discover page.

And when you get to the discover page, you want to type in a hashtag that's related to your specific niche. And when you get there, you're going to see all the posts to that specific niche. And what you're going to do is you're going to send out a custom video pitch, 30 second video pitch to every single one of those accounts.

And you need to hit about a thousand a day. If you want to hit a million dollars a month with your Shopify store, showcasing your product and why people should buy your product. And you've got to start about 6am because it won't stop until about 6pm.

So take about 12 hours to do that. You see the results there, you will get to a million dollars a month with your Shopify store, but the mechanism sucks. Like who would want to spend 12 hours every day sending, you know, a thousand cold video pitches like that on Instagram, like crazy, like just, I would go insane.

So the result there, the process is there, but the process to result sucks. It does not have mass appeal. So some of you guys have a really great product in terms of it's a superior product, but the mechanism sucks.

It's a thousand cold video pitches a day to get a million, you know, which are a month with your Shopify store. Now, like, look, like a lot of you guys rather go broke and take out loans before you have to do that. So you have to have a mechanism that works well.

And you also have the superior product that people want on the market. So if you have a bad product or bad mechanism, what's going to happen is it's going to be very difficult for Facebook to find people that actually want your product. You can have amazing creative, amazing landing page, amazing checkout experience and stuff like that.

But if it's a shit product, no one's going to want it. And it's been very difficult. So a lot of you guys are struggling with bad products.

That's why you get a sale here and there, but not a good flow. You want a good flow of sales and you know, pretty quickly within like a week to two weeks to really showcase if it's working well. And you know, that's one of the signs of just a bad product right there.

Next one is bad ads. So you have an amazing product, but because you've never been taught to market and you've not a marketer, because quite frankly, all you've watched is videos on how to run a Facebook ad account, which is, does not mean you're a marketer just because you know how to run a Facebook ad account does not mean you're a marketer. Marketer can really dig deep into consumer psychology and create ads that appeal to specific mindsets of people that convey them to purchase their product to complete different experiences of button pusher in a Facebook ad account versus a marketer.

So, and look, no gurus on YouTube has taught these types of things. And that's why my goal is to teach you guys these things, because these are things that has allowed me to achieve substantially really good success with Facebook and actually, you know, hit those things in those goals that I've always dreamed of back in the day when I used to watch these other gurus on Facebook or on YouTube, when I never got anywhere. So number one is, well, number two is the bad ads.

And the reason why you have a bad ad is because you're not connecting with your customer. And this is assuming you have a really good product, but you're not connecting with the customer. You're running some shit like 20% off, get it today, free shipping.

I don't give a fuck about that, because you're not doing a good job at connecting with me. You need to connect with me based off my current situation and show me that your product is going to get me where I want. It's allowed me to become the person I'm trying to achieve.

So a couple of things that you need to look at first off is the desire. Your desire is not strong enough because there's key things in here that's going to allow you to kind of break apart that messaging. So first off is desire.

One of our brands were selling metal wall art. And the first desire we used to go for is just, Hey, like looking for something to dress up your wall. This would be a beautiful touch to your home.

And we're doing a thousand dollars a day in revenue. It's about $30,000 a month. Then we switched the desire to surprise your sweetheart with a unique gift.

So now we're targeting people who are looking for a unique gift to surprise their sweetheart. And we showcase a girl, her reaction, showcasing her getting the product like, Oh my God, it looks amazing. And we scaled to 5k a day, which turned the business to $150,000 a month business.

All we did is change the desire. Your desire is the want. What does your customer want?

And again, you cannot create desire, but you can channel the desire out in the marketplace onto your product. Now, next one is market awareness. Market awareness is basically the mental gaps in your markets.

Each person is separated by a level of market awareness by a mental wall. So a lot of people like to run this type of shit. 20% off Nick's inner circle today.

If you don't know what the next inner circle is, that's my coaching program. If I just ran that without first educating you on the inner circle and stuff like that, you do not give a fuck about it because of that, that's an aware audience. An aware audience is the smallest possible audience you can target on Facebook.

And I'm not saying like actually go target. I mean, it's the messaging you create in the ad that appeals to that particular audience. Whereas if I said, become a better marketer with Nick Terrio's inner circle.

Now, all of a sudden, the people who want to become a better marketer that are watching this video, your ears probably just popped up for a second because now you want to become a better marketer or you already want to become a better marketer, but now I'm giving you a potential solution. I'm introducing a product. You're a solution aware.

You want to become a better marketer, but you don't know what that product is yet. Is it Nick's inner circle? Is it going to read breakthrough advertising?

Is it going to read another copy book? Is it someone else's program? You don't know what product it is yet.

You just know you want to become a better marketer. So become a better marketer with Nick Terrio's inner circle. This is a substantially larger market to become a better marketer market than the 20% off Nick's inner circle market.

Cause that's substantially smaller. It's probably maybe a couple hundred people. This might be a couple million people right there.

So it's a larger market I can target based off the market awareness. If you want to know more about market awareness, I have plenty of videos on that on my channel to search up for market awareness. Now, next one is your market.

Sophistication is not right. You have the wrong market sophistication. As an example, if I created this channel and I specifically showed you guys every video, here's how to set up an ad account.

Here's how to set up a campaign. And that's it. I would be appealing to a very low level market sophistication.

People who are just getting into Facebook ads, but I know you guys who watch this channel, you guys are already running Facebook ads. You guys are most likely already doing the one campaign for business objective. You realize the importance of running ads that converts and you watch these videos to level up your marketing skillset, which ultimately in the day gives you better performance with Facebook ads.

You have a higher level of market sophistication. You're like a stage three, four market sophistication. So if you have the wrong market sophistication and you're talking to people the wrong way, that's also going to be thrown off around your product.

Next one is your visuals just completely suck. You know, you're trying to sell a $2,000 or, you know, an $800 Gucci shirt and you're selling it and taking pictures of fucking iPhone four in a crack shack in the middle of nowhere. Like the visuals just completely suck.

You need to go get better visuals for your product. You need to really appeal to that identity. They want to become and show visuals that appeal to that identity.

And then obviously the one is you're not selling people to the identity you want to become, but it could also be you have the wrong identity. Again, the identity is the, is the identity you're selling to people based off who do they want to become. And you're, you're showing them that your ad help your product helps them get there.

And you need to showcase that in the ad itself. So bad ads. So we have bad product, bad ads.

Next one is potentially bad product page. So I'm not going to go into the specifics about this because I already have a video, how to two extra Shopify sales or conversion rate optimization. And that's a whole nother like 10 minute long video with specific examples of what you need to do.

So I'm just gonna let you guys go watch that video. Cause that could also be one of the impacts. Now, lastly, number four is other site issues.

I'm just kind of leaving as other site issues. Nine times out of 10, this is things that happen after they hit add to cart. So after they hit add to cart, 90% of the time people have to go to the cart page.

Then after the cart page, they click on checkout. Then they go through the checkout process. Now, when they click add to cart, some of you guys have pop-ups that come up.

We had a client before where they literally went from like a 4X ROAS day to day at like $10,000 a day in revenue to like a 1X overnight. And we could not figure it out. They're like handling me, telling me about the ad account and stuff like that.

It's like 24 hours went through. I was like, wait, hold up, take a step back. And I went through the whole checkout process, my desktop, no problem at all.

Like, fuck. I'm like, let me check it on my phone too. Went through to my phone.

Sure enough, you, after you clicked add to cart and their cart drawer opened up, you cannot click out the fricking checkout button because they installed a pop-up that night that covered the checkout button. So you could not go to the checkout unless you're on the desktop because they installed an app. So uninstalled it and immediately, boom, they went back in the performance was good.

So go through the checkout process, actually make a purchase on your phone and your desktop to make sure that everything works. Other weird issues too, could be like certain, like maybe credit cards getting like flagged or not being taken. That's also something else too, that we've seen not work.

So now look, based off my experience, if you literally go through all of these, obviously, you know, bad ads, bad product page, and other side issues. These are all going to be things that you could probably do relatively within a month. And like, after that, like then bad product, that's gonna be a little bit harder because you have to source a whole new product, but you should be able to do just a little bit of research and understand if you have a bad product.

And if you have a bad product, stop trying to scale a bad product. Just go fix the product and have a superior product. And you're going to waste the amount of time you're wasting with a bad product is insane.

So go figure out a better product quicker. Yes, you've gotten some success with your current product, but go have a better product. And that's going to allow you to scale exponentially faster and exponentially higher.

So you're gonna make significantly more money. If you consistently keep staying with your same bad product, it's like staying with an ex or a girlfriend or a boyfriend that just is a waste of time. It's super toxic and it's draining all your energy on a day-to-day basis.

And you're not getting anywhere in life because of this person. The longer you stay with that person, the longer you're going to waste time and the longer that time you're not going to get back. So go get a better product.

If you know you need a better product for your store, don't waste time sitting down and dealing with a bad product. It's just going to like it up and take up longer to become successful. So these are the main four things that, hey, if sales have stopped from Facebook ads, try.

And based off my experience, like I've like, there's nothing else I personally seen, um, other than these key things right here that if you fix, then you will get those sales you want. Um, another thing could be too, you're not spending enough on Facebook. And if you're not spending enough on Facebook, go watch my video of how to calculate your target CPA with Facebook ads.

And that's also something right there too, that, uh, could be, you know, like improve things on that side right there. So thank you guys so much for watching the video. Make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.