New Facebook ad strategy that we've used to help scale to seven figures for our Shopify stores. And this one's gonna be different. It's not gonna be a new Facebook ad account.

It's gonna be more around how we built the ads and how we can build better ads by using the five stages of market awareness. Welcome back to the channel, guys. I got a really amazing video for y'all.

And if you're kind of questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I run a Facebook ads agency where we come and help you grow your business from six figures a month to seven figures also coach and mentor students as well. Both those links are below if you want to find out more information about either one and I've done over $50 million in online sales leveraging Facebook ads in that sense for my clients. So make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

And let's dive into the video. So revolutionary Facebook ads tactics achieved seven figure success in 2023. Just to show you some of these stores that we've used to do like just basically some really good performance in that sense by leveraging this exact same strategy.

Okay, before we get started, this is for people who are, you know, already doing broad CBO, you know, the 2020 down 20% up, you know, increase decrease rules, but still hitting spin and revenue ceilings testing new creatives, but feel like, you know, very few are becoming winners or, and are finally, you're looking for a new approach to improving performance within the ad account. The big problem is that, you know, assuming you have a winning product and link page, then the problem lies in the ads. So you already have a really good product, you already have a good landing page, you've already had success with it.

But now it's like you're starting to struggle with maintaining that success of it. Okay, this is where you're, you know, the problem lies inside the ads, you have creative copy and headline, this is all driven at the core by messaging, okay, messaging is what drives the ad, you know, and I'm not talking about the messaging you see, I'm talking about the message that your ad sends to people in their mind, when they watch or look at your ad, okay, what paid advertising at the is in the end of the day is simply amplifying a message you want to send out to people, okay, so how do you find that messaging? That's the big key here.

This is what I want to talk about, talk about today, as a type of messaging you can use has greatly different performances, okay, there's actually five different ways we like to position our messaging, that all provide very different ad concepts and provide very different outlooks on performance, okay, some of these will also allow you to spend significantly more on ad spend than others. And it's how we broke through ad spend and revenue ceilings inside of businesses, okay, so it's called the five stages of market awareness, you might have already seen me talk about it a couple times on the channel. There's five core stages in each one is a different type of messaging for a different type of ad.

Okay, so it's not. So yeah, okay, so where stage is the smallest one, which is pretty much I'm already sold on your product, I'm just waiting for your price. This is where a lot of the early stage marketers, a lot of low paying copywriters and things like that, that these are the people that know how to write these type of ads, where it's just like 70% off today purchase, that's it.

That's an aware style ad. Okay, very, very low quality. Then you have product aware ad, where you're comparing where people are actively comparing your products to other products similar towards yours.

And they're just trying to figure out which one's going to give them the best, you know, which one they have the most trust with and which is the better product at the end of the day. Then you have solution aware, which is basically I'm aware of the benefit I want, but I just don't know about your product or service yet. Okay, then there's prom aware, which is currently aware of the problem they're experiencing right now in life.

Then you have unaware, which is I'm completely unaware. I'm just simply aware of the motion I'm feeling. Okay, so this is the five stages of market awareness.

Now I'm going to show you guys actual examples today of what these look like. Okay, so just to go over again, what the market awareness is, this is currently the conversation in your prospect's mind that allows you to connect with your audience at different levels. Okay, so right now, right now, you have people at all five stages of this market awareness.

Okay, and it's up to you to create the right ads at each level to connect with those people because this is the conversation going in on in their head right now. Okay, and yeah, you have people in your aware box that haven't even seen your product before your brand or anything like that, but you can get in front of them. Okay, each stage of market awareness is separated by a mental wall that defines your market for each.

Okay, so each stage of market awareness, there's like a mental wall in between mental block in that case, this dictates where you start the conversation about your product or service. Okay, so that's the big key benefit right there. You really understand.

Now, how does this benefit me? That's the big question that a lot of people just like don't really know yet. Okay, so first off, it allows you to open up new markets and spend more.

Okay, so one of our accounts, we're able to go from $45 CPA to a $35 CPA by simply going from a problem aware market to an unaware market. Okay, and we're able to spend 15k a day. All right, by going to that unaware market.

All right, also better tailor your messaging to match the convo your prospect is currently having in their head, which will drastically improve ad performance. Okay, and just to show you the market awareness, the different sizes of market awareness. So here's unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, and aware.

Aware is the easiest one to open up. And it's also to the, I would say, the smallest one as well. Okay, so then unaware is the largest and the hardest one to open up.

Now, again, if you have a $35 CPA, which is your goal in your ad account, cost per acquisition, you're still getting it across all of them. Okay, so just be fair on that. Okay, just as you go up the ladder, you'll open up more people and resonate with more people in that case.

All right, so that's, let's start going over the examples of what these look like. So I'm just gonna kind of click on this got a few prepared for you guys. Again, this is aware, this is the eat the smallest stage right here.

This is simply just creating an ad that shows off the product and shows off a code. Okay, people already know about the product. People already know about the brand.

People already trust you. People already love you. You're just simply giving them an aware style ad, which is always a promo.

Okay, 20% off, you know, this is a code ad. Maybe it's a Labor Day sale. Maybe it's a Black Friday sale.

Maybe you don't even need a code. It's just site wide 20% off. Click the link now.

Maybe it's a specific product bundle that you're selling in that case right there. You're just boom, here it is. Okay, again, easiest type of ad to create the lowest paying job as well as creating aware ads.

And quite frankly, it's just very easy, very basic. Okay, nothing special. Because again, the people you're going after are already aware of your brand.

They're already aware of your product. They already trust you. They already love you.

They just haven't pulled the trigger yet due to price. Okay, now that doesn't mean you need to go create a bunch of discount ads. This price could also mean too that it just haven't got paid yet.

They're gonna purchase later down the line. Okay, but just this is aware, very simple, very straightforward ad. Okay, now we're gonna go to a product aware ad.

Okay, now product aware ad is where things are going to start picking up in terms of the complexity of the project. Okay, this is people who are aware of your product or service, but not 100% sold yet on you. Okay, so like they're, they're looking at your product.

And then they're looking at, you know, give you guys an example right now running Facebook ads agency. Okay, we do a lot of paid ads and everything like that. Typically, when clients come on board, they're looking at my agency and five other agencies and they're hopping on sales calls with all of them.

They're comparing the pros and cons of all of them. That's a simply what a product aware perspective is that right now when someone's at a product aware stage. Okay, so you just want to basically showcase why your product is going to be the best fit for them.

Okay, this is a fairly common one we see all the time. Three reasons why three reasons why you should start using Dr. Squatch right here.

Very good. You know, that's right there. Also, another thing too, it's that we're also starting to call out the name of the brand and product.

Okay, so names of the brand and product. Why? Because they're already aware of us.

So now we're just trying to really speak to them in that sense right there. So this is a Dr. Squatch ad for a product aware ad.

Something that works really well too is us versus them where they put like the leading competitor and then they put your product in and showcase the benefits over the competition in that case right there. Cool. Also, another thing, testimonials work really great at this stage.

This is where you can put testimonials just straightforward. People are telling their experience with the brand. If you have any authority as well, you know, like say for example, if you're, you know, have like some, you know, maybe like a doc, if you sell a health product and a doctor saying how amazing this health product is, that's a product aware as well.

Key thing I want you to remember right here is that you want to prove your product is better than the competition. That's all I want you to do. Really prove how you have a better product than the competition.

Okay, and just go straight into selling. Okay, that's a product aware stage. Now, solution aware stage, this can get kind of gray area.

Like I find a lot of people struggle between product aware and solution aware. Solution aware is simply stating the benefit they want. Okay, so here you're calling out the benefit consumers want from your product or service and introducing your product or service as the solution for that benefit.

That's all you're simply doing. Okay, there are other solutions that give the same benefit as yours. Call out and compare how yours does it better.

Okay, so give you guys an example. That's just a photo ad right here. Most stylish tees on the market look super professional, buttery soft, highlights your chest, perfect fit.

Very straightforward. I'm just calling out the benefits and then introducing our solution. Okay, here's another version as well.

This is where we're calling out another solution for energy and I'm making them look bad by saying like afternoon crash, brain fog, poor sleep, unhealthy gut, irritable, and I'm calling out our solution, which is better, which is drinks rise mushroom coffee. Okay, now again, it's not coffee. It's mushroom coffee.

Okay, it's a new type of solution. And I'm comparing and saying how our solution is better than that solution in that case right there. Okay, so that's a solution to where I simply call out the benefits then introducing the solution of how it achieves those benefits.

Okay, now, you can see right now, we went from aware, product aware, solution, and now we're gonna go to problem. Okay, solution problem and unaware is pretty much what like, you know, 90% of advertisers lie at. This is kind of like your quote unquote, top of funnel type of stuff.

But we still do, you know, product aware ads and aware ads in our single campaign structure. Okay, we could help the mix of all different versions. Now, problem aware ad, okay, your market is currently experiencing a problem, we must first articulate that problem.

So clearly that they can say yes, I'm having that, then introduce the solution to that problem. So a big mistake a lot of people mistake do at problemware ad is that they go ahead and they create a problem where ad and they introduce the product in the first three seconds. Now, the biggest thing with a problem where ad is that you need to introduce the problem first.

So that way people like yes, I'm having that problem, then introduce the solution of how to solve that problem. So the first things first is articulating that problem very clearly that people are having. So right here, you can see right here, are you tired of flat and short lashes?

I currently don't have this problem. You know, I, yeah, I just I can't relate to that. So only people who have this problem will.

All right. Boom. Don't worry, we got you.

Now we're starting to bridge into that solution. Here's the solution. There we go.

We're talking about the solution, the benefits of it. And then yeah, I'm not going to go through the whole lot because, you know, basically, like now we're traveling back to a solution where ad, but you can see how a problem where ad, you want to simply open up, articulate the problem, then go into the solution benefits of that solution and the mechanism that goes in there as well. So if I wanted to do this and so as a solution where ad as well, this is a good example right here where I would just start off.

Boom. I could just start this off right here. And this is a solution where ad now, but I make it a problem where ad by adding this first four seconds.

Now for this particular video, I can even go further in here and start making this right here as like kind of like a product aware stage. So, you know, boom, here we go. Product aware people talking about it and loving it and things like that.

So if you have a longer video, we'll go through all those stages in one video. Okay. That's one key thing that you have to mention right there, because these are all logical thought loops that people go through when making a purchase.

So now this is why I preach a lot. I don't do retargeting campaigns because I'm hitting everything in one video. Okay.

I'm hitting all the necessary terminology and stuff like that that people need to see to purchase. Okay. That's a problem where ad.

All right. Now the most complex one of them all, this is an unaware ad and an unaware ad is the hardest one to open. So problem where ad you're, you're articulating a current problem.

They're experiencing physical problem in that sense right there. An unaware ad, you're more focusing on a core emotion. They want to feel or they're currently feeling and that's how we're identifying with them.

Okay. So give you guys a good example right here. Let you guys right now, just make a mental guess of, you know, hit pause for a second.

And I want you to read this and I want you to make a guess of what's being sold here. Okay. Stress mom in need of tips and tricks to get my kids to settle down.

Do you have any note or do you know any hacks? Okay. I'm gonna let you guys take a second, make a guess, drop a comment below, make that guess really quick.

Okay. Now that you've done that, I want to actually go through this with you. Okay.

So first things first, unaware. So they called out an emotion, stressed mom in need of tips and tricks to get my kids to settle down. Okay.

Going over a core emotion he or she is filling. Okay. Do you know any hacks?

Okay. So we'll start off with unaware. Okay.

Now watch how this phases through. All right. Now we're going to bridge from unaware to problem where and watch how they do it.

Okay. Watch how they bridge those two together. They first start showcasing a study.

This study by UNICF opened my eyes. They discovered something called hidden hunger. This means my kids issues could be linked to nutrition deficiencies.

Okay. All right. Now we're making people problem aware.

All right. So now people are problem aware nutrient deficiencies. Okay.

We're making people aware of the problem now. And now they're handling objections here. Well, I thought I fed my son a lot.

My pediatrician even told me or pediatrician even told me how much to feed him. Then watch how they introduce the solution. Okay.

Another objection. All right. Next scenes to the product reveal.

Let's you guys. Let's, let's see. Let's see if you guys are correct.

Boom. Multivitamin. Okay.

This is the solution. This is the solution from unaware stress mom to problem aware nutrient deficiencies in a kid to solution aware multivitamin to product aware in terms of what you'll see in a second. Product aware, just showcasing the kid in a much happier state in that case right there, kind of like a testimonial and stuff like that.

Then aware you need to try these out. Okay. So vitamin gummies from this.

Okay. That's how you successfully open an unaware market by calling out a core emotion across the market. Like I said, either something people resent are a big core emotion that they want to feel.

Okay. Nike does this a lot like the find your greatness commercials in that case right there, calling out people by that separates, calling out people that separates them by a core emotion or identifies them by a core emotion they want to feel. Okay.

So now that you have examples of all these concepts, okay. Quick application is I like to test five concepts for each stage of market awareness using my broad targeting DCT approach, where I do one DCT per ad concept. One ad concept is one market awareness.

So I'll test five ad concepts per market awareness. It's about 25 different ad concepts. I'll test that case right there.

And that kind of gives me a, like a good, like, all right, here's where the market awareness is at. Okay. Cause every product will be different.

Okay. And then we'll continue to expand on that stage. And we find problem where is the best and we'll continue to grow and expand on problem where, you know, that perspective right there.

Okay. Um, and yes, we keep all stages within the same campaign, um, all stages with even the same ad set. Okay.

You don't need to create an ad set per stage of market awareness. Like we literally have one campaign, one ad set with all of our main ads. And that one ad set of all the main ads might have like two stages of market awareness for unaware, five for product aware, one for aware, three for problem aware, and six for solution aware, for example.

Okay. It just doesn't matter as we find winning ads, we put them in that campaign. Okay.

That ad set. And if you're looking for how we test ads and run an ad account, then make sure you go watch this video, broad targeting dynamic creatives, which will go over that whole one campaign structure. Cause I know I'll probably have some comments from you guys who new to the channel.

And if you want to know how we scale ads, here's a good video, how we scale Facebook, how to scale Facebook ads in 2023. And then if you want to know how we create ad concepts, here's another really good video, how plan out Facebook ad concepts in 2023. So really hope this video was helpful for you guys.

Um, also shameless plug. If, if you're, you know, struggling with trying to figure out how to implement these things at my agency, where we can come into your business and run all this for you and, you know, help you make more money or if my mentorship circle or, you know, my mentorship where basically people like you join the circle. Um, and I basically help them and coach them in that sense right there, um, based off their questions they have and help them implement these types of things in our business.

So thank you all for watching, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.