Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video.

We're going to be talking about how to become a better marketer and break through revenue barriers in your business. And this is actually a new offer. I am officially launching starting today.

So let's take a look. As you guys know, I am huge against courses. I do not want to promote a course on this channel.

I think it's a huge disservice. I think anything and everything in a course I can teach, I can put on YouTube. Okay.

And that's been a fact since day one, I've been creating this YouTube channel and I want my ultimate goal is literally the things that are charged thousands of dollars in a course is to literally provide free to you guys on YouTube. And I will never change that on my channel. And obviously you can see right here, my YouTube channel has grown due to that and it's gained a lot of good traction.

And my primary goal of how I make money with this channel is by helping people with my videos. And then a portion of those people who I've helped scale their business basically say, Hey, Nick, I can't do this anymore. I, you know, it's a lot of time in management.

We've scaled up our business really well, and we need to bring someone on board and who else will be bringing on board. And the person that has literally taught us everything we know and helped our business already. And that is where a $7,500 per month plan comes in place where we fully run and do everything for you, for your ads.

And we help businesses go from roughly 50 to a hundred K a month, all the way to seven figures a month in revenue. And while this is amazing that a, we offer all of this completely for free and B that, Hey, we help you and get you results before you work with this. And obviously, you know, the only difference with these two packages or watching the content completely for free or doing the paid ad service is that we're doing it for you.

That is it. And when I currently look at my personas that watch this channel, we have people that are somewhere between the zero to 50 K mark right here, which is just people who, you know, are currently watching my content. They're watching the content they're applying and they're growing their business and they're doing amazing job at it.

And then you have the people that are roughly 50 to a hundred K a month and they've been running everything. They've scaled their business, but they are tired of doing this themselves. They just don't have the time anymore.

They're growing the business. They're expanding and they need someone else to come on board. And that's when we come on board and we take over that part of the business for them.

And then we help them scale to $1 million per month in revenue. Now here's the problem I've identified in the market is that people are somewhere between zero to 50 K a month and they're watching my channel. They're commenting on my videos and stuff like that, but they're stuck because there's literally just my free content on YouTube and then $7,500 a month to work with me.

And there's nothing in between for any of like consulting or maybe just closer contact with me to where they can bounce ideas off of me. And that is what I wanted to solve because yes, I do have consulting where I charge literally $500 an hour, where I get on a zoom call with you and you can ask me any questions you have problem with this is that it's not the best use of time because I might tell you a few things. And some people get on the call expecting to learn Facebook ads, a to Z, and that's a horrible deal because you're not going to learn everything in one hour.

And honestly, it's just been a big disservice for me to offer that. And I do have people that, again, that want that closer contact with me. They want to be able to send me over ads and things like that to me, but they can't post that in the YouTube comments.

And then they also want to surround themselves with individuals like me, like themselves, that they can bounce ideas off of network and, you know, build relationships with. So this is where I've launched the inner circle, the official Nick's inner circle. And I'm starting this at $500 per month.

And this is only for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Today is like November 6. I'm only going to do this for Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and as well as kind of the first initial launch of this program.

And again, this is not a course at all. Okay. So, and I'm going to get into exactly what it is in a second, but after we fill up the first 25 spots, it's going to a thousand dollars per month because one, I want the first 25.

These are the first people in the circle. I want to get you guys something just for being the first people there. And then after that, I want to slow down intake so we can preserve quality of the group.

And that's where we're going to charge a thousand dollars per month, because honestly, $500 per month, you're easily going to get at least four hours of my time, which again, I charge five, uh, $500 per hour of my time. So that's going to be roughly $2,000 a month. You're going to $1,500 savings on a month to month basis of consulting, basically going through this.

And I'm not bullshitting you guys that this actually is 25 people in it. You can see how many people in the group is, and I'm not allowing more than 25 people. So you're more than welcome to join the group.

And you see more than 25 people in there. You can call me out on my bullshit. This is true.

Here's the backend of my, um, you know, click funnels where I literally have product quality limit on max 25 on there. Okay. And simply to get access to this, it's just going to click the link in the description, or it's going to take you to this particular sales page right here.

And I'm going to go over a few things. So what all do you get inside of this group? Number one, you're getting 24 seven group chat.

It's a telegram group chat where me plus everyone else in the group is inside of it. And you can literally just, Hey Nick, I'm seeing this really bad ad. You know, how can I improve it?

Drop the link in the telegram and I'll provide some feedback. Maybe a few other group members will provide some feedback. It's a community group, but also with my direct access in there.

So place where you can be fully transparent and don't have to worry about any shit heads in the comments, literally watch my concert for free, you know, fucking with you or things like that. It's an actual group that's serious. Everyone that's in there has to pay to be there.

And it's gonna be taken a lot more serious than just a group. That's a free for all instilling other people's shit and stuff like that. So it's a 24 seven group chat.

Any questions you have, we're keeping it around marketing and our passion for marketing. But if you have another question, Hey Nick, what's up? A music like to listen to while working out.

Cool. Go for it. But we want to keep this group quality around marketing, but all questions are welcomed.

Next thing, a weekly group question in Q and a call. So basically this would be a call where I'll hop on the call in a zoom call. It's not some other bullshit person.

I'm outsourcing this too. So it's literally me on the call with you and we do it as a group. So, Hey, um, you know, me, and then maybe five people that joined that particular day over that hour to two hours right there.

We'll go over questions. I'll have, you're allowed to share your screen, show off campaigns. And again, we can, uh, I can provide input of what exactly you need to do as well as other people can chime into a thing, you know, maybe they have some other ideas as well to help you out.

And then as lastly, this is something that we're still putting into the group, but as we create SOPs inside of our agency around running ads specifically, just we'll make sure you're aware of that just around running ads specifically. We will also include some of those in the group. So if any sheets and stuff like that you've seen in my videos before that you want, then I'm more than happy to be able to send that over to you inside of the group chat as well.

Now I want to go over who's this far and who this is not far, because I want to make sure that we are bringing in the right type of people here. Who's this far? You're already a Facebook advertiser.

You are already spending money on Facebook ads. If you're completely green to Facebook ads and never been an ad on your life, or you're, you know, you're stuck at like $10 a day and spend, this really isn't the best group for you because it's not going to be a handholding process in terms of, Hey, here's how you set up a campaign. We definitely want to keep it to people who already know how to set up campaigns in the Facebook account.

They already know how to spend some money. Now let's just, how can we improve those results? So I would say anyone who's spending anywhere from, you know, just actively spending on the platform where we have accounts that literally spend up to 15 K a day.

So I would say if you're spending more than 15 K 20 K a day, maybe we're not the best fit, but people who are already actively spending money on Facebook ads and are looking for someone to handhold them to spend more in the account is where we come and play business owners. If you're already a Shopify business owner, we actively work with a few other different business owners and Legion space app install space, all that right there. If you currently leverage Facebook ads to grow your business will be a great fit to come in as well into this group and bounce ideas with all these other advertisers and me as well, giving you consulting and specifically of what you need to do to improve your performance in account.

And lastly, just marketing geeks in general. I I'm a huge marketing geek slash nerd. I'm very, very proud of it.

I have a love and passion for marketing. And if you want to be in a group with like-minded individuals, this is for you. Now, who's this not for?

Let's be very clear on this as well. This is not for agency owners. If you want to come in and say, Nick, Hey, I want to grow my agency.

No, fuck off. Okay. I'm not going to teach you how to grow and scale a marketing agency.

I do have people like my mentor, Jeremy Haynes, um, are, you know, Ray Johnson at right hook digital that'll refer people for how to grow and scale a marketing agency. This is not my place that I'm looking to get into as someone, as a teacher and, you know, authority in this space. Next thing, lazy people.

If you're going to jump in and just sit back and ask me questions and never execute on shit that I tell you to do, you're not going to see performance. If you just sit back, join the circle, not ask a single question, wait till day 30 and be like, Hey Nick, I didn't get any value out of this group. Well, yeah, look, you didn't ask a single question.

You didn't, you know, share case things that we could help you out with. You just sat back and didn't do shit. We do not want these types of turds in the group.

Okay. You need to be an action taker. You need to, you know, quickly be able to like, Hey Nick, how can you help me about this?

Boom, boom. We can provide feedback for you. And that's how you can help grow the business.

And lastly, people who cannot follow the instructions. I, you know, I went to this business summit, uh, me and two other guys, and we worked directly with this one consultant for about three days in person. Okay.

And me and this other guy, we just, we got it told our directions. We did, we executed on, and we seen a massive impact in our life since we've went to that event. The third little shit head, he sat there and questioned everything from the mentor who was mentors.

Oh, well, why would you do that? When this person tells me to do this or, or this person says, do this, but, but wouldn't this overlap with this? We'll put the, like every single fucking instruction he told that person.

And guess what? He's still dealing with the same issues and problems since he went into that summit and seen zero success from that summit. Cause he got in the way of his own success.

Okay. So if I can't tell you a specific instruction, you can't do it. Don't join the group.

Okay. So these are the type of people. This group is not far.

Now imagine, imagine what would it do for your business? If every time you had an ad problem, you could reach out to a group of advertisers and me and get immediate feedback on what to do. Hey, I just ran this problem.

Which dynamic should I choose for scaling? Boom, drop the input, drop us a little bit backstory, and we can immediately provide you with feedback and value on what to do to improve your campaign. How much faster could you overcome barriers you've been stuck at for months under the guidance of someone who has been there before many times and overcame?

I've been running ads since 2015. I've spent over 30, 40 K on my own personal income on courses, mentors, and people who've already gone ahead and ran Facebook ads to the point where I've been there and done that on everything. I've been through so many different holes that I just about have that real, real experience almost overcome almost every single Facebook ad problem.

So I know where you're at and likelihood, I've been there and done that and have the solution for you. And also what ideas do you think you could get for ads from someone who has done nearly $40 million online with Facebook ads? So, you know, if you have issues with getting ad ideas for a specific product or ad direction, ad concept, reach out to the group.

Hey, what do you think about this and this and this? And we can provide you feedback of what to do in terms of different ad ideas to test. And look, if you're new to the channel and you still don't really completely know why I'm even credible to be doing this type of group here.

Again, my name is Nick Terrio. I've done over $40 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. I've spent alone $4.5 million in the first half of 2022.

And I'm your trusted growth partner when it comes down to Facebook ads and growing a business at scale. These are some of our clients, GrittySoul, where we took them from literally negative on ads to $2. million in 15 months.

It's a women's clothing brand. This is a medical transportation company that sells insurance. And we took them from $1,000 per day to over $18,000 per day at profitable KPIs with Facebook ads.

This is a men's clothing brand where over nine months of us working together, we did $4.7 million in revenue for them. And this is a supplement subscription brand where we took from $17,000 per month to over $230,000 per month in less than 12 months of working together. Now, look, if you're interested in this program and you're interested in joining the inner circle, click the link in the description.

So take you over to our sales page. And from here, you can secure your spot. Like I said, it's only limited to 25 students.

So once you get in and after that 25 students is capped, then I will not open it up until sometime in January. Okay. January 1st is we'll open up the second round after that first 25 students and it's gonna be a thousand dollars per month.

Okay. Now the first round of 25 students who get in at $500 per month, you will be grandfathered in at $500 per month. Unless you exit out of the program and come back at a later date, you have to pay that new price at a later date.

Okay. But if you get grant coming at the first 25 and you stay for the next two, three years, it's going to be $500 per month until then, which it might be a couple of thousand dollars per month due to exclusiveness of this. And also due to my time and commitment that I want to give this group, I don't want a large amount of students.

I want quite a few students just to keep it in moving enough and engaging, but also not too much to where it's gonna be hard for me to give quality feedback to everyone in the group. So click link in the description to get access. I wish you the best.

Hope you get a spot and I'll see you in the group.