marketing fundamentals has allowed me to scale multiple brands now to over $30,000 a day in revenue and in today's video we'll be talking about the big three marketing fundamentals that you need to understand and how to deploy them to be able to help scale your brand increase your Facebook ad winning hit rates how to specifically talk to the customer what to say those specific creatives to get them to convert and all of those good things right there so with that being said here's the three big marketing fundamentals you need to understand that you can deploy in your Facebook ad creatives to be able to better convert your traffic into paying customers so let's dive into it so very first thing that I think a lot of people get mistaken with you know just paid advertising everything like that is they feel like they need to talk about their product and all their ads look like this my product my product and my product and that's all their ads look like just me me me me look at me my product I'm all some blah blah blah and this is like a quick way just to like literally take all this stuff and then just like lie with the fire it's the easiest way to just blow pass or blow up your ad spin in your account so you don't want to run ads like that now to understand exactly what to say in creative stuff you need to understand the very first marketing from the middle that you have to start with and if you start with this thing it's going to increase your winning ad hit rate this first thing is called desire now desire cannot be created it's something that already exists in the marketplace and this thing and this is what your customers want okay now for desire you have to look at desire as like a I don't know if you ever been like white water rafting or something like that where you know you get in the boat and you have a couple people that are rowing the boat and kind of steering you it usually started to topple them out and they flow down like with the stream of the water you know you start up here and then you overflow all the way down to the bottom and then you just kind of like move down and it's just super super easy now with desire this is exactly it desire is the water and that water is pushing you down the mountain and you have to do little to no work all you're simply doing is steering in that sense make sure you don't like run into a boulder or something like that now in this particular case what a lot of people do wrong is they try to create this and when they try to create desire they're essentially starting way down on the bottom right here and they're trying to go up but all the water is pushing down so the water is pushing down the mountain and they're trying to go up and guess what happens they ended up just staying at the bottom because the water is so strong and they just get obliterated they do zero dollars and you know everything just burns up right there so you always want to be with desire you want to flow with desire now what is some examples this is like make more money this is want still friend scale facebook ads six pack and i'm bikini ready for some okay these are things that just like people already want amongst the marketplace no one wants six thousand megahertz mic or what i would say specifically um you know like people try to push all their features and stuff like that but great example we're going to say like the 16 6 000 megahertz mic i have no clue what that is i have no clue what it does it's just a feature people do not care about features okay people want this do not want this okay and what we want to do is for an ad we want to lead and start the ad and then what people want okay that's what we want to start the ad with that's to start we want to start with what people want and then across that ad boom so just be your cta and then this is where we show them in that ad how our product helps them get what they want okay so that's that's your goal that's your only objective with your ad right there you start off with what people want and then you show them basically how our product helps them get there and then where they can buy where they can buy okay so that's it so you start with what they want you show them how your product helps them get there and then both now like when we show them how our product gets helps them get there like if they want to make more money right so we're going to start off with here's how you can make more money then boom that ad is basically going to show them okay if you want to make more money here's exactly what you need to do basically to be able to make an additional five thousand dollars a month as a broke college student from the comfort of your own fold this is the exact things that leonardo right here took action on now he makes six thousand dollars a month sarah took action on and that shanates three thousand dollars a month on autopilot and jimmy right here who makes 10 km off on autopilot and it literally only takes 30 minutes a day literally anyone can do this so what this thing is is x y c if you want to learn more about this call to action that's it so you see why i started off with what people want really go in detail what people want then from there i talk about all right it's this make money it's starting a facebook ad agency here's how to start a facebook ad agency the key things you need to do to start a facebook ad agency now if you want to learn all this you can obviously go do it yourself or have a free webinar to do step by step that goes through everything here's where you can go boom call to action now the next thing you have to understand is that desire has different strengths now there's some desires that like people like actively are taking action or like right now like they have to like if i go and you know break your leg for example like you're gonna have a very strong desire to want to get to a doctor and fix your leg right but if you just wake up with a mild headache in the morning like this is i'm comfortable but like you know i'm perfectly fine right so some desires will vary in intensity low intensity and then you'll have high intensity and basically this is how much people care to get this all if people care very little they're gonna pay less if people care a lot they're gonna pay a ton more money so depending on the desire you go after it's gonna have a low intensity or high intensity now desire also has size so there will be some desires that are small some desires that are big some desires that are huge and then some desires that are small or medium size and then this will equal how many people you can reach so if you're going after the desire for let's just say like here's how you can scale your facebook ads to i don't know thirty thousand dollars a day i speak to that uh right 10k a day 20k a day 30k a day whatever whereas if i go after the desire to quit your job the desire for quitting your job will be substantially larger versus our just quit you know scale facebook ads relative to each other so different desires have different desires sizes and this will dictate how many people or how few people that you can actively reach from so just to recap we're quick on desire desire cannot be created desire already exists you have to flow with desire you can't go against it you have to understand what your customers want doesn't mean make more money want a girlfriend want to scale facebook ads one six by cabs bikini ready for summer and then that's actually a really good one right there bikini ready for the summer so we have different strengths different sizes and then the last thing we have to understand about desire is that there's evergreen versus temporary you know there was a time back in 2022 specifically we're working with a store they were doing 30k a month right and that was like pretty much august then like september they did like another 30k a month and like this point fine okay just two months now they kind of covered on 30k a month more then october came around and they did 300k then november came around they did 3.5 million dollars then december came around and uh actually may lower this a little bit then december came around so that was november october november december came around they did 2.5 million and then january came around they did 10 10 000 dollars 10k in january why because desire they were going after was temporary we were going after q4 gifted this was a kid's product kid's product if you look up like majority of sales for kids products and everything it's like all exclusively q4 right there so that was something that we made a mistake on where we only went after not to say we made a mistake one but it was something that we knew already existed and we knew for a fact that like kids products do 90 percent of their sales for the year just in q4 this is what i call right here a temporary desire now what we mostly while we can make some good money off of temporary desires here and there we really want to focus on evergreen evergreen is like the thing that's we'll be scaling mostly year round with evergreen and going up then we'll do like some random temporary stuff which might give us a bigger joke than evergreen and then like another temporary and they're like boom so like we'll use temporary here and there on top of evergreen to help boost up performance so like any holidays for example running gifting and stuff like that anytime we can attach ourselves to a temporary thing across the marketplace we'll do it when we can but we're mostly focused on evergreen evergreen is going to be consistent and going to be it's going to give you the most money at the end of the day because what's going to happen here if it's consistent for a very long time it's going to consistently pay you out the most now evergreen right here this thing this is just things like you know wanting to lose weight you know this has been around for such a long period of time right here like as far as the 1960s all the way to today this desire has existed and people have sold i kid you not we're probably i would say i mean it's easily billions i would probably maybe not trillions but definitely billions of dollars has been sold here okay because this is an evergreen desire it always exists okay all right so now you have desire right you understand desire now the next thing we got is called sophistication what is sophistication sophistication equals the number of ads plus products people have seen before yours okay so if let's say for example for me for example you know i get hundreds of messages every single day for you know edit your videos all right and i just like i ignore like all of them because i already have a youtube editing team and i already have a instagram editing team right so for me i just ignore this because it's just the same like copy and paste message over and over and over it's an extremely competitive market every now and then i'll have someone like do something creative that hooks out and captures my attention from a market sophistication perspective but for the most part it's all just bland and i just ignore now the other day someone reached out to me and said hey you know i'd love to have a bunch of instagram accounts that already have large followings take some of your youtube videos and do reactions to those youtube videos as small little clips that will go viral on social media and like for me i immediately replied why because not a single person has pitched me that before because that person pitched me that i was like hell yeah i'm interested in that because i'm definitely already desire to grow my social media following right now i just invested into a twitter agency i just invest into a instagram agency so that way i can put all my attention on youtube and then allow these other agencies to pull content from my youtube uh to be able to deploy that on these other channels and stuff so i put all my focus on you guys give you guys the most amount of value was the information as possible as i can because they you know pitched me something that i never been pitched before i immediately went ahead and replied and i was interested because no one else pitched me that and this is what i like to call the you know for we kind of go like deeper into mark's sophistication like all the key elements of it um the easiest way possibly for me to explain this is the uh herpet okay the purple cow just means that like like if you're driving you know you're kind of going through some pastures and stuff like that and you look over and you see a whole bunch of cows off to your side i'm just still white and black cows you know and you see a bunch of these white and black cows the one that's gonna pop out to you i'm gonna do pink for this you know you're gonna look right here in your little car and you're gonna immediately notice that pink one why because the pink one is a different color than all the others all the other ones just noise but this one right here captures the tension because it's diff okay so for me how can i be different in a systematic way okay notice how i say sis de mad right why because i want a formula to consistently reverse engineer purple cast all right that's what i want because the hardest thing is to um consistently reverse engineer things that's never been done before okay so this is what market sophistication does for you all right and there's five stages of market sophistication there's stage number one how to scale facebook ads stage number one here's how you scale facebook ads you do xyz done okay now the problem is is that when everyone starts talking about how to scale facebook ads we need to do something differently because what's happening is we're just becoming this group of people right here all these black cats so we want to become the purple cow again how do we become the purple cow again well that's where we go to stage two how to scale facebook ads to 10k days okay why do i go to 10k days well technically i could do anything i could do how to scale facebook ads to 10k days i could do how to scale facebook ads to you know at a 3.5x roas i could do how to scale facebook ads overnight i could say the fastest way to scale facebook ads i could say the slowest way to scale facebook ads the laziest way to scale facebook ads the main thing here is i'm understanding everyone who's done it like this what do people want more from this that's the big question for me what do people want more from this if we're if everyone's close to the video of how to scale facebook ads what's the what do they want more from it it's like i'm going to just scale facebook ads i want to scale facebook ads to 10k a day i don't want this strategy i want like i want a certain way you know and that's essentially what i'm looking at right there now stage one to stage two stage two you're simply just uh it's the same mechanism which a mechanism is just a process mechanism equals process to results okay aka desire all right so we know that if how to scale facebook ads 10k a day we have the same mechanism in stage one and two a stage three is where we introduce a total new mechanism to do this now for me i'm actually very curious here i'm actually going to follow my youtube channel for a second so i have this youtube video on my channel because i'm all about talking about how to scale facebook ads and i know you guys see a lot of videos about talking about scaling facebook ads so i have this video on my youtube channel called how to scale facebook ads fast with viral ai ugc ads and this video crush strike got 3k views which i mean i know it's not like crazy it's not mr beast or anything like that but you know for the most part i get like 2k you know 2.5k some summer 3k video views and this one specifically has uh 3.1k you uh views on youtube so i know like hey this is like just slightly above average rating but what i'm doing here is i'm introducing a new mechanism to be able to achieve a result that people want so how to scale facebook ads with viral ai ugc ads okay what am i doing here is i'm calling out what people want but i'm also going ahead and introducing new mechanism okay now new mechanism equals gives people hope all right i don't know like for y'all but back in the day this was back in like 2010 2010 and 2012 i used to edit these call of duty videos where like people would send me their gameplay of them doing like trick shots and stuff and i would like leverage like adobe after effects still the premiere it'll be photoshop and i would go ahead and edit those videos and make this really cool like 30 sec uh 30 second like video with some music in the back for everyone and a bunch of factory stuff on the video and everything well at the time i was only like 10 years old 12 years old and i didn't have the funds to be able to purchase uh you know the adobe photoshop it would be after effects and stuff like that and at the time like now they'll have like to create a cloud which is like 10 20 a month or 50 a month i think it is actually uh back in the day it was like 2k 3k per program so what i had to do was basically go online and search up a bunch of youtube videos on how to basically get these programs for free without paying for them and you know there'd just be this little file like after you download the trial there'll be a little file you download and like you install this file and the program files and like basically block it it's yeah crazy i still remember from exactly back in my mind and everything hopefully no adobe executives are watching this i was i was uh what 10 years old at the time i'm 28 now about 18 years i think it's past the statute of limitations and stuff like that so i can i can actually talk about this i remember like watching videos a lot where i was like how to download x program for free and i would basically go ahead and like try to download that program for free and like it wouldn't work i was just like oh well that video didn't work let me try another video and just go down the list and try a bunch of these videos and eventually i got to the point where like i would only click on the videos that was like because like one of the ways was downloaded was called a keygen uh calculator a keygen something and this keygen thing would essentially just randomly generate you serial numbers that you can leverage uh to put in the program to basically crack the software looking back at it now i think it was just an easy way of like installing malware in my computer and probably like like literally stealing all my information but i was 10 and 12 years old at the time so i didn't really have anything serious on my computer anyway now with that being said from there i would skip over any video that was like how to download adobe photoshop cs6 because all of them were pretty much using the same strategy so the videos i started clicking on was you know new way to get adobe photoshop cs6 or adobe photoshop cs6 without the keygen device so that way it was giving me hope there was a new way and hope that this particular video right here would help me and because i was getting very frustrated with all the other ways that didn't work so keep in mind right here at stage three you're you're calling at the mechanism or in the title specifically because it's giving people new hope that they can achieve the thing they failed at so many times over and over and over so all we're doing here is introducing new mechanism and giving people hope and what we'll do is we'll pull out the people desire but we'll also attach some type of mechanism at the end like in this example right here uh the red this is what we'll say desire this is the desire how to scale facebook ads and the new mechanism has been viral ai ugc ads and this actually achieved over 3 000 views on my youtube channel um so i knew that it actually worked in that specific route right there now the next thing we have is what's called a stage four now stage four all we're simply doing here is removing limitations that's it now when we remove limitations at this particular stage here all we're doing is going basically and figuring out what people hate about the mechanism we want to attack and then just simply go ahead and and not introduce a better mechanism but you'll see here in a second how to scale facebook ads or viral ai my gc ads for under 10 okay so here we got a couple things going on we have our desire we have our mechanism but then the new thing is we have for under 10 so at a stage four we want to remove limitations or we want to make it faster or we want to make it cheaper or we want to make it uh more benefits so in this case right here all i simply did was just make it cheap that's all i did so how to scale facebook ads or viral ai ugc ads for under 10 so notice how we went how to scale facebook ads this is just simply the desire then we have how to scale facebook ads the desire but we go ahead and we don't introduce new mechanism we just let me actually get another color here we intensify okay then here we have desire then new mechanism then here stage four how to scale facebook guys are viral agcis ai ugc is for under 10 dollars we have stage four now we go to stage five now a stage five this one right here almost is like going back to a stage one be very clear there this is where we'll say something like how to scale facebook ads for high ticket ticket e-commerce wow all right this is a fully loaded one right here so we still have the same desire but then the new thing here is that we have what's called a specific identity now the reason why we go to a specific identity for stage five is that people have been in the market for a while they've gone through a stage one then they go to a stage two then they go to a stage three then they keep going down they go to a stage four and like they see all kinds of claims they see a ton of black cows at all of these stages here and then they become like what happens is basically once everyone starts saying how to scale facebook ads you have to go to stage two then once everyone starts saying stage two you have to go to stage three then once everyone starts sending stage three stage four And then eventually you get led to stage five right here. All right. Stage five.

This is where they've seen so many claims already that basically saying anything else will not get their attention. So the key here is that we need to go to a stage five. And at a stage five, all we're doing is going after a sub identity.

We're making it seem like this is specifically for you and no one else. All right. Back when I was pitching my first couple agency clients back in the day, I remember like in the beginning when I started an agency back in like 2017.

Like pretty much anyone that pitch was just like, have you have you ran Facebook ads before? Like, yeah. Yeah.

Like, you know, I have my own detailing business. I've been able to scale that up with Facebook ads and a lot of amazing results for it. And like I wanted to simply deploy that same strategy for your business that would help you scale.

Like, all right, cool. Let's do it. Then once I started pitching like bigger clients, clients that are in business for like a longer period of time, clients that, you know, just they've gone through more ad agencies and stuff.

But the new questions came down to like, hey, have you worked with? It wasn't like, have you worked with clients before? It became into like, hey, have you specifically worked with an e-com business or have you specifically worked with a supplement business or have you specifically worked with a business that's going in the weight loss niche?

It wasn't anymore having worked with other businesses before or have you gotten results for other business before? It was I need a specific person specifically for me and no one else. And that's where stage five is because these businesses that have been in business for a longer period of time, they've been pitched more.

They work with more agencies. And now it's like they're getting close to exactly who they need to be, which is someone that's done specific results with specific case studies only for them and no one else. OK, now the reason why you do not want to do this right at the beginning is because let's just say like 2015 Facebook ads and then we'll do like 2025 Facebook ads.

OK, at this time in 2025, there's just like this is the number of businesses running Facebook ads at the time, like actively spending money on Facebook ads and stuff. In 2025, this is how many people are doing it. OK, so for me to go niche down in the beginning, like I'll be getting like this little portion of the market right here.

And like this might make me like 10K a month, maybe if that. Whereas if I were going to do that same portion, I could get like this much. And this would make me literally probably like 100 to 200K a month.

OK, so if you niche down too fast for a market that's just emerging and just evolving, you'll make far less money. Whereas as that market evolves and then you start niching down over time and to stay competitive and stay in that stage five. So that way you're like this.

Then what's going to happen is you'll own that segment, that portion right there. Another great example of this is like back in 2000. And, you know, this is probably like 2015 as well.

This is when like Gymshark came out. And at the time, like let's just say this was like the whole fitness. Fitness.

Market. And then it was like, you know, you've had like sports. You know, football.

You know, just like volleyball. You know, CrossFit. I don't think CrossFit was a sport at that time.

Basketball. And then you had like weightlifting. Right.

And then like, you know, the main thing. I don't want to call this fitness. I'm just going to say, you know, athletic.

And then the thing with this is that like you had Under Armour, Knight T8, you know, Reebok. That was like basically going ahead and competing for this whole market right here. So what happened was what Gymshark did is Gymshark came in and saw the people that were weightlifting.

But made a brand specific for weightlifters only. Okay. And then that's what Gymshark did.

Now, why did they do that? Because no one else was advertising to exclusively just weightlifters. They were advertising to just everyone in the athletic niche.

So because they did this, then they were able to own just that particular division of people right there. And that's how they built a multi or maybe multi, but I know for a fact billion dollar company so far. Because they were the first person to own an exclusive segment in the market.

Didn't they go? They didn't try to go after everyone. They didn't try to go after all the sports.

They went after just specifically weightlifting. So that's what a great example of a stage five is as well. Yeah, maybe they didn't get the full like chunk right here.

But they got a small portion that still made them a billion dollars. You know, so for me, it's like once the market's large enough, then let's go inside of that. So this was market sophistication.

We have desire. We got market sophistication. Now, the last one we have is what's called awareness.

Now, awareness, more specifically, is called market awareness. Awareness is basically, you know, how far or how close someone is to buying your product. So like, for example, there's five stages of market awareness.

They're aware. Product aware. Solution aware.

Problem aware. And then there's unaware. Okay.

So basically, if we look at it like this, like aware. Aware is like right here. They're ready to buy.

Whereas product aware, they're a little closed. Solution aware. It's like here.

Problem aware. That is here. And then unaware right here.

And then basically, everything in that gap is how much selling we need to do. So everything between these gaps is how much selling we need to do. And aware stage right here.

There's like no selling you need to do. Aware stage. These people have been to your website.

They know your price. They're sold on you. I like to look at this as like some of the inner circle students that joined my program and stuff.

You know, they watch my YouTube videos. They've gone ahead and actively gone ahead, fill out an application. They've gone ahead and literally gone to like all the reviews and stuff.

They saw the price and everything. They're 100% sold on working with me. The only thing that's holding them back is maybe they don't have the funds right now.

Maybe they're waiting in two weeks for their paycheck. Maybe it's like, you know, they're sold and everything, but they just, they're a discount shopper. They like a good deal.

And they're waiting for me to like maybe throw out a discount or something like that for them. I've never actually ran a discount on the inner circle, by the way. I've only ever increased price, you know, to be clear on that.

So there's aware, then there's product aware or what product aware. These people are basically, let's see, it's actually sort of stuff. Waiting, waiting for Christ, product aware.

This one specifically is going to be around people who are actively looking at like different Facebook ad agencies right now where it's like, they know of Nix. They know of this person, this person, this person, this person. They're just not actively sold on a specific one right now.

They need convincing. Then there's solution aware people, which like this specific person right here has a desire, but doesn't know the solution. Okay.

Oh, wait, wait, wait, let me actually say that. Desire, but doesn't know products. Okay.

So like they want to lose weight. They just don't know how to lose weight. They want to make more money.

They just don't know how. The product is what gives them that how. They say, hey, if you want to make more money online, you need to start a Facebook ads agency.

Here's my full course on how to start a Facebook ads agency. Boom. So solution aware they have a desire, but just don't know what product is for that specific thing.

Now problem aware people, they have a problem, but don't know solution. Okay. This is like something where it's like, you know, you wake up one morning or you go to the doctor, for example, they diagnose you with something.

Hey, you have tonsillitis. It's like, okay, how do I fix this? And then it's like, well, you have to take a, what you call it?

A, they give you what? Like, I can't even think of it. I'm blanking out right now.

So that prescription or something for something. And then it's like, cool. Let me give you a prescription.

We're going to give you this like a cortisone shot. And then there you go. There's your solution right there.

Then it's like, all right, well, cortisone shot, which brand, what specific version of cortisone shot? That's going to be more product right there. Now, unaware, unaware is where you have a symptom, but you have no clue of the problem.

All right. Now for this, this is where we're basically going ahead. We're calling out a symptom people have.

Do you wake up every morning with a sore throat? If you do, this is a sign of you are sleeping with your mouth open. And this is likely due to the fact that you're stored and stored is the problem.

And if you're storing every night, you need something that's going to close your mouth to where you can sleep peacefully. This is where we introduce our snore guard. Our snore guard actually stops snoring and preventing you from having sore throats in the morning.

Do the snoring. We're convincing people. We're calling out with something they have, introducing a problem, introducing a solution, introducing the product.

And then, hey, if you buy today, our store guard is 50% off. So at each stage, like unaware, you have to go through problem aware, solution aware, product aware, with problem aware. You have to go problem, solution, product aware.

Solution, you go solution, product aware. Product aware, you go product aware, aware. And then aware is just aware.

So each of these stages, depending on which one you start with, you have to flow through all the ones prior to it to go through what I call mental loops. So at each stage, there's these mental loops people have, and you have to go and flow through those things to get that sale that you want. Now, the next thing is that you stay aware.

Aware is going to be your smallest market. Product aware would be a little bit bigger. Solution aware would be a little bit bigger.

Problem aware would be a little bit bigger. And then unaware would be a lot bigger. So you have a couple other compromises depending on what stage you go at, right?

So like aware is going to be the least amount of money, whereas unaware is going to be the most amount of money. But this is going to be the easiest to sell to. And this will be the hardest to set.

So you have to understand that. So easiest to sell to, this is also where like a ton of people stay at. And then this is going to be the hardest to sell to and the most money.

The reason why it's the most money is because this is the largest market. Look at how bigger, how much bigger this one is versus this one, right? There's not going to be a lot of people in this one versus this.

So and to be fair, like I'm just highlighting both extremes of each one. It doesn't necessarily have to be like, you know, one or the other. It can literally be right here too if you want.

But you just have to understand that there's different messaging that you have to flow to at market awareness. There's different things you have to do. So that's market awareness.

And what I like to look at market awareness for is more key messaging for throughout my funnel. And then the other thing I like for market awareness is that it allows me to understand where I'm currently at right now. And how can, like I may be right here and I have all of these ads in check.

And now I want to spend more. Then I'll just go up to like a problem aware market or unaware market. And this is how I can spend more and start to make more is by going up in the stages of market awareness.

So in the beginning, when I start an account, I'm mostly always at a where. Way at the beginning, for the most part, for most of the accounts. And then I work my way up to scale up the account with the types of messaging that I use inside of my ad creatives.

Now, if you are like, holy shit, Nick, I just got like the most valuable info ever. And you want to learn more about how to actually use all of these things together in conjunction to be able to scale up Facebook ad accounts. This is all things I teach inside of my inner circle, which you can click link below.

Have Nick Terry or mentor you where I actually work with you one on one together. Yes, me, Nick, hopping on the call with you one on one and helping you apply all of this to your ad account. Helping with your desire, your awareness, sophistication, all of those good things.

I have a lot of training materials as well. Inside of there, weekly group calls, group Q&A, all of those good things. Where I can actually help you apply all this to help you scale.

Now, like I said, this helps, allowed us to scale multiple brands now to over $30,000 a day in revenue by understanding this. To staying competitive, creating ads that are in line with what people want to be able to scale faster. And then also to leveraging market awareness to be able to grow revenue, all of those good things right there.

So I'll help you out with all that. Hello, have Nick Terry or mentor you. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. That being said, my name is Nick Terry. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.