Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I want to dive into what really affects return on ad spend and while simply looking at ROAS and then looking at your ad account and start making a bunch of adjustments can sometimes be detrimental to your results if you don't really understand what's going on inside the ad account. So I really want to dig through a few core factors that affect ROAS and how you can navigate each individual one. So with that being said before we get started hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Let's get started guys. So this is pretty much what really affects return on ad spend and you know this is not really necessarily a specific list but it is. It's from the top to bottom of the most like the highest impact to the least impact and first thing is product like you need a great product in order to get a good return on ad spend like that's that's a key right there.

If you have a really bad product you'll just never be profitable and I think that's kind of far far too like it's just it's really hard to scale a product that no one wants. So and you'll learn you'll learn that as you start to scale and stuff but I say that you just need a great product and then like you'll test one creative that'll work really well then all your other creditors be bad and then just you deals don't work and you think it's a bad product so like it's a long story but in order to effectively grow have a great return on ad spend you need a great product that's the backbone of it all. Think of like your spinal cord like that's key for you and that's your product right there essentially.

Next thing is your landing page. Your landing page is huge when it comes on return on ad spend. If you can convert let's just say two percent of people and then you get you put this new optimized landing page in place or product page you know wherever you're sending traffic to and it converts four percent of people you simply just doubled your doubled your sales.

So a really great landing page or product page that converts really well is very important for good return on ad spend. Next one is creative. Creative is huge.

This is your ability to be able to grab attention of your ideal audience and effectively educate them on how your product helps them and why they need your product and connecting those desires they currently have to your product. Next one is messaging. This is your ad copy and honestly it's less important than a creative.

You can have an amazing creative with a very short just tagline of copy and convert really well but if you have this long really well put together piece of copy but a very poor performing creative you're gonna have trouble to scale an account. That's major right there. And then account structure.

And this is the bottom of the list and I think it's funny because if one of these aren't working everyone goes immediately to the account structure first and it's like the most it's this terrible feedback loop that every Facebook advertiser has and it's just it's disgusting. So let's dive into this product. So you're there's a four few key things around that product and how it affects ROAS.

So first off desire around the product. If you have a product that's very low desire around it or it's not really solving a big problem then it's not going to be as hot and if it's not as hot it's going to affect your ability to be able to scale and it's going to affect the ability of to achieve the ROAS you want. Next one is it clear to understand.

Now again this is something more of what the creative the copy job for but if your product seems very confusing and just in general and very like hard to use like and people don't really understand it of how it benefits them that's going to be a major turnoff. So you need to have a very clear and easy product to work with. Now again a lot of our clients products again the you know that's what the more of the marketing does is to clearly understand the product and everything.

But majority there is some products ROAS before that seem very confusing to use and very confusing of how it really benefits them and if people question the product you're going to have a trouble scaling and getting a good ROAS with that product. Next one's competition. So this is major right here if you're like say like let's say for example you have a product that everyone's selling for 30 bucks and you're selling it for 60 bucks and it does realistically nothing different it just looks better you're gonna have a major trouble right there in order be due to everyone else buying lower tier products and stuff and that level of competition.

Let's show them like a luxury fashion brand and working with some major influencers and stuff like that that can elevate that perceived value then that competition is going to crucify you essentially. It's gonna be very difficult to really sell and push that product in a market where there's a lot of other people that are way better like if people look at your competitors like well why would I even purchase from this brand when I purchase from this brand get the same product cheaper and better warranty and yada yada yada. So like that's another big thing right there.

Pricing is very similar to competition. Again you want a good price that's competitive with the other people in the market and then branding. Branding too.

This one's actually a relatively low one. The product comes first but then if you can also tie in the product with some branding and branding branding more around core values that your ideal customer has and you also share those as a brand behind that product you will see a robust lift as people are also buying into that core you know like that same that likeness essentially if hey oh you like that thing as well so do I I'm gonna buy from y'all just because of establishing that right there. So people love that.

So these are all the different things that go into the product. If we look at the landing page the landing page is your next thing. You have a great product you know you optimize your product now the landing page okay.

Answers all the questions your consumers may have. Builds trust. Lots of social proof, reviews, testimonials, before and afters, showing the product in use, showing people and having fun with it.

Really really build that trust on that page with that product. Educates the consumer how to use the product. It's very common on a lot of pages.

How to use. Step one, step two, step three, step four. Very easy easy.

And it clearly educates the consumer how this product benefits them and get some of the result they want. Easy one, fast load speed. I see people build these really complex websites.

I have a very slow loading website. And then what happens is it really affects performance because you know the algorithm it just doesn't want to send traffic to people that have a very slow loading website. You have a higher CPM and overall just a terrible ROAS.

Easy to navigate is the last one. And just easy to navigate landing page that clearly lays out everything the consumer needs to know before they purchase this product. So that was landing page.

Let's move on to creative. And again, these are going in order from most impactful to the least impactful right here. Creative.

So you have a really great product. It's your backbone. You have this really great landing page, which is all the other like your ribs and stuff like that.

Now, what is your creative? This is more maybe your skeletal muscle or something like that. This is probably the worst biology class you'll ever take.

Creative. Creative is the next biggest thing. Creative grabs your attention of your ideal audience and channels those desires they have into your product.

So a biggest false flag or biggest, you know, false narrative is that you can create desire. You cannot create desire, but you can channel desire desire into your product that they have. So if someone's hungry already, they have a desire to be fed.

If you have great hot dog and are a great burger and showcase that in front of a hungry person and show them how delicious it is and show them how great it looks. And then also to other people saying how amazing it is there, you're showcase, you're appealing to those desires they currently have. You're intentionally appealing to them and what's causing that is channeling that desire they have into your product.

So that's big right there. Educate the consumer on how much better the life will be with said product. It's a very big one right here.

This is also going to be done with social proof, UGC and stuff, people reacting to it, testimonials, reviews and stuff. Just showcasing, hey, after, you know, using this product, this is what your life's going to be. The amazing life, you know, the, where like those old info commercials where it's like black and white and the other half is like color and amazing and beautiful.

Like that's literally what it wants to be right there. You know, you're going to clean with ease, you know, you're going to feel amazing. You're going to look beautiful.

Like that big aha moment and like how much better the life will be. And then also to appeal to any possible objections they may have early in the sell cycle. So early in the sell cycle, people might have certain objections to your product and you can actually eliminate those with this specific creative.

So that works really well. So again, this is the three kind of core ones that are really focused on. You're going to kind of get into messaging and angle.

So we're going to spend a lot of time on creative. We're gonna spend a lot of time on landing page and we're spending a lot of time on product, but what else can we do to kind of affect that row as. And the next one is messaging slash angle.

This is again, very similar definitions to creative, but this is also to just going to further add that context to what it is you're selling. So as a further answer, any questions people might have for the creative or might just be very simple and short. We've been starting to see short performing ad copy works well, as long as you have a really great creative with it.

So having that short messaging, but also to maybe putting ideas into people's mind. So you may have like a product, great creative and everything, and then have like, this is the most perfect gift for your girlfriend as the angle. And it like, it further seeds that idea into their mind or puts an idea in their mind.

So when they go and take action on your landing page or buy your product, they have that further context. And we've actually seen ad copy really affect them the back in conversion rate, whereas creative is affecting more of the click through rate and the CPC and CPM. So that's been a big thing for us.

Ad account structure. So this is where that epic feedback loop, every single advertiser gets into. They, you know, have an okay product, okay landing page.

They've test one, two, three pieces of copy. I mean, creative one piece of copy. And then they're like, it's the ad account structure.

Do I do ABO or CBO? Do I do, you know, um, a hundred ad sets in one campaign, all at a dollar pop? Like what do I do?

And it's literally your ad account structure needs to be very simplified, simplified, consolidated ad account. We're using literally like two campaigns and all of our accounts now, uh, retargeting campaign and the top of funnel campaign. And some accounts with multiple products will, will set those two up for each product.

It just depends on the scenario right there. So very consolidated, simplified ad account structure with variable management when testing. So let's say for example, you're testing a new creative or new piece of copy.

You want to ensure that if you're testing a new creative, you're using your best performing copy and using your best performing audience to test that new creative. If you're testing a new audience, you want to use your best performing ad, you know, copy creative, all that put together against a new audience. So be very mindful of the different variables you're testing at different stages.

And lastly, learn from the data. You need to be able to see things clear in easy way. So you can learn from the data of what works and what doesn't work.

So you can further optimize your sell cycle or optimize your creative iterations. And then like, you know, the new creative should create based off like different priorities based off past performance. So we've just gone over one, two, three, four, five different core things that affect ROAS.

But I always like to overachieve these videos. So I'm gonna give you guys three more also really big ones that are kind of outside the ecosystem of Facebook. So email marketing is huge.

We've seen brands do up to 30% of their monthly return, even as high as 50% while using back-end emails, welcome series, VIP flows, those fun things right there. As it boosts and adds an additional 20 to 30% of your monthly revenue, you're on a hundred thousand dollars. May look at 120, $130,000.

Once you incorporate some good email marketing in place. Also weekly emails campaigns to spike new interest in your list. Really great way to boost ROAS.

Now launching more products. This is something right here. That's more on the complicated side, but we see a big performance increase by consistently launching new products that tailor to your existing customers.

So again, a big part of increasing ROAS is also getting people to come back and purchase from you again, increasing that retention. If someone comes and purchases from you, you're quite a customer at $20. They spend $40 on your store.

You have a two extra turn on ad spend, but if they come and purchase from you four more times that year, because you keep launching new products and their LTV goes from $40 to $120 and you spent $20 to acquire that customer. You've essentially now have a six X return on ad spend. So you have to look at that from that perspective as well of launching more products and increasing retention around your brand.

And that comes back down to having a great product and a great brand to really increase that retention. Now, lastly is an upsell. And I like to put this one last because you're going to need more products to do this anyway.

So you might as well fix your retention problem and start worrying about your upsell. So if someone goes to your website, add something to cart, goes to checkout and boom, oh wait, your order is not complete. And also showcase another particular product that they might be interested in.

And this really helps a lot with just increasing that AOV. If someone's going to come to your store, spend $40 and you spent $20 to acquire them, that's a two extra turn on ad spend. But now they spend 60 bucks because you have a $20 upsell.

And now you're going to have a three extra turn on ad spend because you spent $20 to acquire a $60 customer. So it's very important to understand how upsells can also affect performance as well. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this.

This was a pretty cool little video to make just different things that affect ROAS and how just to complete the ad account structure or like ABRC goes a very little thing in the road compared to all the other things that could potentially affect return on ad spend. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you're an e-com business owner and you're and you are doing at least 25k a month in revenue, I would love to partner with an agency, a partner with a skilled team of individuals to help your business grow to six, maybe even seven figures, then make sure you click the link below to book a free strategy call with us.

Pop on a call, look through your account, kind of put together a strategy for you and you have the option to either use it and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose. Now, if you're not making 25k a month and would love to work with me, just keep watching the channel, keep soaking up information because there's a lot more valuable content to come. So make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

Well guys, it's about that time. My name is Nix Herrio. Thank you so much for watching today's video.

Hope you guys have a great day. Talk to you guys later. Peace.