We made it guys. It's, you know, December 8th filming this video. This video probably won't be out till, uh, I don't know, probably end of the year.

It probably won't be till like the last week of December. Um, but yeah, this is my predictions for 2025 specifically for Facebook. And, uh, I literally just finished filming like eight other videos.

So I'm, I'm pretty worn right now. Got me a nice little glass of red and, uh, let's just kind of sit back and talk about Facebook ads for 2025. What do I expect for 2025?

So first off, you know, 2024, just kind of like my closing thoughts for 2024. I'm still stuck in between whether or not Facebook had any issues this year versus just, you know, we're starting to see more competition in the marketplace. And we're starting to see more people competing for a smaller demographic.

And let's, let's just kind of think about that for a second. What do I mean by that? I personally believe in 2024 that the amount of buyers in the marketplace or was shrinking for a good period of time.

Now, why do I say that? Well, if we look at like the USA, for example, like the USA, we were still in a, like a succession for most of the part of the year where like, or a recession, not a succession where it was like, okay, Hey, like, you know, people were losing their jobs. People were pulling back on their spending.

People were like, you know, like not buying some of the luxury things, um, that they once were buying and stuff like that. I know the yacht market, the RV market, some of the luxury car markets were like suffering in 2024 because people don't have as much disposable income just to throw freely at things. Now, what that's going to do right there is that's going to create less buyers in the marketplace.

But you know, it doesn't mean people just stop buying. It just means that people are going to be a lot more skeptical and people are going to be a harder sale. You know, it won't just be like, Hey, buy this.

It's cool. You know, this is a nice red bottle of red wine. You should buy it.

It's like, no, you know, really cut. Like I'm really going to need like some time right now, like really sell me on this, why I need this. And that's what it did.

It created people that are less spontaneous, less throwing money freely. And that actually created less just money in the market. And it created more competition because there's more and more people every day starting brands and drop shipping and actual brands and all of these other things, which is creating that opportunity for, uh, you know, just more competition, less people to buy, less people to buy more competition means, you know, you're competing a lot harder for these people.

You're competing a lot harder. That's going to drive up your ad costs that drives up your ad costs. Well, guess what?

As we're going to see that lower row ass and those less profits and the harder scalability for your brand. So that's just like my first, just overall thought for the year. Now, how do you challenge that?

How do you take action on that? Because I'm an action taker. Like I don't like to just sit back and be like, Oh, Facebook performance is trash.

Let's just not do anything for the next two months. I'm just, I'm not that type of person. Like, you know, Facebook performance is bad right now.

Cool. I take extreme accountability and do everything I can to get someone to buy. I know that, Hey, if we're, if there was five people, five advertisers competing for one person to buy.

And now there's 20, I need to make sure that my creatives, my marketing, everything I'm doing is better than those other 20 people. So I can earn that customer's dollar. And that's where it really went down to.

We focused on our creatives. We focused on, you know, just the types of things we were doing. You know, if everyone was marketing to the desire of stress relief, well, we were trying to find another desire.

No one was marketing to, and we were trying to focus on that. That way we could start, Hey, y'all are competing for those people. Cool.

We're going to find another person. There's less competition. And that's how we were able to scale a couple of brands this year.

A couple of our clients was just simply, how do we have better creatives than everyone else? Everyone else is running static images. How do we have a higher production static image?

If everyone's running static images, how do we create a higher production UGC video? That's going to instill more belief in the customer that our product will satisfy their desires. That's like the types of things that we were going after and types of thoughts we were having.

If everyone was marketing just women in the gym, specifically who want to grow muscle, then I was marketing to women in the gym who want to grow their glutes. Or I want to market to women in the gym who want to build more muscle, but who are also more kind of, you know, like you have your entrepreneurial women in the gym who want to build more muscle, but we were trying to go after like more of the girls that were more specifically for like the, I forgot what they call it. Just kind of like the outsiders, the misfits.

And after that example right there, you know, we were trying to find the sub niches of people that we could speak to to beat people, right? You know, if everyone else was just marketing to girls who work out, we wanted to go after girls who were working out to build muscle. Why?

Because that separates us and it makes us speak better to our ideal customer right there. Instead of going after 90% of the pie we went after and getting nothing, we went after for 10% of the pie and getting all 10% of that. So yes, we were going after a smaller market, but we're, we're, uh, getting way much better results because of that.

So that's the first thing from a competition perspective, marketing harder, doing better creatives being more just like tactical, right? I'm very big into boxing and, um, you know, and I'm always like trying to think two or three steps ahead of boxing. Same thing with like Facebook ad creatives and stuff, being in a competitive nature of other clients or like other, um, competitors and stuff like that.

And also trying to think two or three steps ahead as well from that perspective right there. So that's kind of like the first thought, like the recession, less money. What were we kind of doing to like beat other people?

But then like that was more on the agency side of what we could really focus on as like when clients would come work with us. Then the other side was just getting into our clients' heads that, Hey, look, it is more competitive now. Every dollar your customers spend is a lot more harder to gain.

So we have to make sure that we're the obvious choice. We also have to make sure that when customer comes and purchases from us, we're acquiring someone that's set to spend more money with us. Um, all of our clients that pretty much just, Hey, I have one product and I only plan to scale to a couple of million dollars a month with this one product got fucking leveled in 2024, like destroyed off the radar where all of our other clients that were like, Hey, look, this is my first product.

Um, I have other products coming and our goal is to build a LTV with all of our clients. You know, for example, for me, I have my ads that scale book.com. Uh, that's my $29 ebook.

Uh, up until this point, I've only had a thousand dollar a month program, which is my inner circle or my 10 K a month program, which is running Facebook ads for clients. I've never had a low ticket product, which is a $29 product. I had to give a low ticket product out this year so I could earn people's dollar and realize how their dollar was safe with me and a good investment.

And it got a ton of people to convert into my court. I mean, uh, my inner circle, and then got a ton of people to convert into my agency. If I would have never had that, who knows if it would have gotten those people in the inner circle or the agency side.

So it's having extra products now to where people come in and they keep buying from you. They stay with you. They want to do business with you.

And that is fixing a lot of shit with your business. That's fixing your shipping times. You know, if you still have 30 day shipping times, sure, you'll be able to make a good amount of cash quick, but you won't be able to maintain it.

So the goal here is now we're really starting to focus more on the lifetime value of every customer. customer. So when we acquire a customer, that's just one half of the job.

The other half of the job is making profits off these customers and having those products and consistently doing customer surveys and consistently doing product optimization and stuff like that to improve that LTV with each customer we require. That's how we're bringing in profit to the business. So we're acquiring new customers with Facebook ads.

And don't get me wrong. We have a lot of clients that are first time customer profitable. I'm not trying to say that, Hey, you need to be break even on Facebook ads.

I'm saying is that you need to keep spending and doing what you can to be profitable on Facebook ads. But if you wait to the last minute to be profitable and build LTV, you're going to get destroyed in the marketplace. So that was a big thing in 2024 for us being very tactical with the creatives and stuff and being very strategic with the LTV side to build a proper foundation, you know, inside of our business and stuff like that, with our clients and everything like that.

Now let's kind of take a step back now a little less about me and a little bit more just about like kind of Facebook in general and what's going on at Meta. You know, this year we had some interesting stuff happen this year for Meta. You know, in like 2023, for example, we had advantage shopping campaigns roll out.

We had advantage audiences roll out. You know, we had shops roll out. But 2024, like we really didn't have anything major in 2024.

You know, we had the dynamic creative go away. Now it's flexible ads. And to be fair, I saw, I think dynamic creative is still enabled in some accounts, but it won't go away till like June or July, 2025.

So they're not even in a rush to take that down. But what Meta is getting a rush for right now is this health and wellness update that's going to be dropping in July. I mean, January, which is literally next month.

And this new health and wellness update, which is going to be focusing on, you know, basically just more regulatory practices here. And specifically, it's going to affect the people in health and wellness. It's going to be people specifically marketing to HIPAA related violations in terms of like specific diseases that are doctor diagnosed and specific medicines that are doctor diagnosed.

And, you know, again, there's still not much information related to this. So I'm only speaking to the little bit of I know. And, you know, once we actually see the update fully roll out in January, we won't really fully know until then.

So a lot of it's just I'm speaking off as speculation based off hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of Reddit articles and Twitter and things like that, that I've researched. And, you know, this is something last minute by Meta. And this was something like literally dropped a week before Black Friday with literally about 30 to 40 days to plan and prepare for it.

Whereas flexible, creative, advantage shopping campaigns, and all these other things, iOS 14.5, we had months and months and months and months to plan and prep for. And this is where I think that, you know, in 2025, there's going to be more regulatory actions happen, specifically for ethical advertising, you know, and there is a part of it where I do agree with some of these things from a health and wellness perspective. You know, there's people out there that are taking like, you know, I saw an ad today, and it was literally like an AI image.

It was a woman who climbed Everest, it was a picture of her at the top of Everest. And they, they used AI to make her look pregnant. She was not pregnant at all.

It was just a regular woman, some random image pulled from Google. And they literally was like, hey, this pregnant woman climbed Everest, then she got super sick, they had to do an emergency C-section. And they put her in the hospital and they, they didn't want her to experience any outside elements.

So that's why she now showers every day with this showerhead that filters water. And it's like, from an ethical perspective, that's pretty fucked up. And yeah, don't get me wrong, like, there's a lot of affiliate marketers out there that, like, they run extremely black hat stuff, like they'll say the most horrible things in ads to get someone to buy.

And those are the people that make money. But at what point, you know, my biggest belief is quick and fast money is just as fast as you earn that money is just as fast as it leaves you. You know, I've been at a steady rate over the last couple of years with doubling revenue every year.

Whereas like, you know, this Hawk Tua girl, for example, and not to get all too off track anymore, you know, she made a couple million extremely fast. And at the time I'm posting this video, you know, she's getting like allegations from SEC and all this stuff. And it's like, as quick as you earn it, you can also as quickly as lose it all.

And same thing from an ethical perspective in ads, it's, you know, at what point of these outrageous claims you make to get someone to buy, but at what point do more regulatory actions start to come in play from outside factors, outside agencies and stuff. And the reason why I'm bringing all this up is because these are the things that Meta has, you know, caught downwind that are coming in 2025. And they're trying to speed up and like, just think about it.

Not even a month for a large portion of their revenue that's going to get fucked by this health and wellness update. And they just drop it on people and give people 40 days to update with little to no information. That definitely does sound like that there is something higher up in terms of SEC, FTC, things like that, that are doing bigger crackdowns in 2025 that are going to be making people say more ethical things.

And this is not the first time we've experienced this. I mean, if you go look at like 1960s, for example, looking more specifically at like the cigarette industry, there used to be ad people, ad guys going out there and literally writing like, Hey, you know, this is these cigarettes are recommended by the doctor to cure, like to, to give you more energy, for example, like just crazy claims like that. Like nine out of 10 doctors recommend, um, these particular cigarette brand.

Whereas like, you know, that was kind of fucked up right there. And like people were agreed with that. And I definitely think the health and wellness space is going to see some level of, um, you know, broken apart coming in January.

Obviously this update's huge from what I understand, if you're going to get affected by this health and wellness update. And, and also too, I never really brought up the reason why it's a problem is because you will not be able to optimize for purchases. If this health and wellness update applies for you.

And from what I understand is Meta has already reached out to you. If it's going to apply to you, if you're not health and wellness compliant, you already got a message from Meta. So if you're sitting down and like thinking like, Oh my God, I'm gonna lose everything.

If you haven't already got reached out to from what I understand, you're safe. Again, from my understand from the little information Meta has brought to the table about this. So just be cautious about that right there.

Uh, definitely recommend reaching out to your meta rep, uh, just to like double check and confirm all that right there. But that is a big thing for January. And that does make me believe there is more regulatory actions that will happen in 2025.

All I see that happening right there is it's going to remove the people that are saying highly unethical stuff that is just going to, because again, if these people are crazy, saying these highly unethical things that just further creates, uh, more like, like all the people that buying that stuff and believes that stuff and buys that stuff from that ad that just further creates more distrust with people buying stuff from Facebook ads. So, I mean, from some, some level, it will actually help us a little bit because now people have to say more trustworthy things and it's going to separate the people that have good ethical brands and shitty, like crappy brands. And that's where we're going to really go into the next thing, which is all the brands that we're seeing crushed right now and doing really well, or the people that are building really great things.

Um, there are actually trying to find products that are new, uh, unique to the marketplace. They're building just from a branding perspective. The branding looks really good.

You know, they're playing in those levels of like market sophistication where they're either going after a new unique identity known to their competitors are going, or they have a better and new improved product, or they have a totally new product. They're playing in one of those three positioning, um, things that I've preached multiple, multiple, multiple times now on this channel. And these people are the ones that are going to further crush it in 2025.

And all the people are saying is highly unethical stuff. Just barely get away. It's going to further do worse.

So I think all we're doing is separating, um, and increasing that, just that, that, that distance between shitty brands and great brands in 2025 right there. And as far as like looking at it from a prediction standpoint of any other, like major technical updates or anything like that, I mean, look, to be fair, I still believe that Meta is going to be more and more, um, closer to like that Google performance max, where it's like removing everything in terms of like all your controls. And eventually we will get to a point where it's going to be a black box on Meta.

It's going to be upload all your creatives, set a daily budget, and that's it. That's all you can do. And I'm honestly for that.

I love that idea. I know some people hate that. They, they think that more control is better results.

And that's actually false. The less control that we try to force upon Meta, the better our results. All of our accounts, we just, you know, we do one campaign per business objective and CBO broad targeting.

We toss it creatives and we let Meta spin on what it, what it wants. And those are the accounts that crush it compared to the people that spend hours a day, day trading in the account and barely getting anywhere because we focus on what works. We focus on what the levers of control we have, which is creatives.

We focus on AOV, LTV, landing pages. We focus on the four levers of control that, you know, we've done for dozens of clients to help them scale to a couple hundred K a month, to a couple million dollars a month. And from a creative perspective, and, you know, kind of get off a little sidetrack, this is where we're diving into those deeper things.

A lot of people say, Oh, I'm testing creatives, but they're testing the same thing over and over and over. I'm talking about different desires in the marketplace, getting fresh content for those desires, different levels of market sophistication. So you can actually be competitive against your competitors and stuff, awareness levels, like all of these key things that I've preached and talked about on the channel that essentially can help you get better results.

And these are the deeper levels that we go into when creating creatives. And again, that book below, adzatscalebook.com that goes into all that. I can help you out a little bit better with the creative side and everything.

But as far as the main 2025, we also have to look at, and this will be my last thing we'll chat about is, you know, the new presidents in the USA and at what level will that impact economy for the USA specifically? And at what level will that impact for just in terms of the amount of money in the market? You know, if the predictions of that particular president gaining and improving the economy and more money in the economy, more money for everyone, essentially, you know, more people back to work and everything and more money just flowing around, well, guess what?

That's going to open back up that more disposable income and more people will get richer. More people get richer. Well, guess what?

More people that are buying less. And, you know, technically if there's more people buying, that's less competition. Those few people from advertisers right there.

So that's the main thing we have to look at from there. Again, that's just a big question. We don't know the reality of that will happen.

Obviously for me, I'm always on the side of, Hey, more people buying, more people spending money, more money. We can spend on meta more customers and a lot. That's a huge win for us.

So I'm all for on that side right there. But yeah, it's been a phenomenal year for 2024. Very fun year.

A lot of crazy stuff going on. I'm really looking forward to 2025. So thank you all so much for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to y'all later.

Peace out.