Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have another exciting video for you guys.

Today, I'm going to say you've been lied to and I'm going to break down one of the most delusional messages or kind of like, you know, exposing a few truths in the market of running a Shopify business, e-com business and stuff. This is going to see that this is going to basically dig into the stuff that you do not see. You, you know, you think or you don't think about and it's something that is really just more bringing the reality of what e-com is and Shopify and growing a business in this particular area.

So I think it's something that is going to be super valuable to you guys, especially you as you grow and stuff and you know, you kind of, kind of foresee those obstacles before you can actually approach them because you, you won't realize when you get to those obstacles and not going to maybe try to bring some hindsight to that right there. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's get started guys.

Okay guys. So I think we pretty much all have started our e-com journey. Um, we're all in different paths, you know, like, like we, we work with multiple, multiple, multiple different e-com businesses.

We help them scale. We're deep into their business. We're focused on different operational aspects of it between on the marketing side.

Primarily, we don't really do anything regarding shipping just because we have no clue what we're doing in that area. We just focus more on the marketing side, um, and making sure that logistics in terms of, um, you know, the numbers look really good, um, overall. So we've have a lot of experience from scaling brands from literally $0 to doing nearly $4 million.

Um, some brands from taking them from negative to doing $2.3 million in 15 months. Um, we have another brand we're really just working on right now that they've had, um, 300% growth over the last three months. So each month they basically tripled their revenue, um, which has been super crazy.

So yeah, we've, we've even worked with businesses that are struggling and we're literally doing everything we can to get them off the ground. So very wide range of e-com experience. Um, I've tested my own drop shipping stores, all that good stuff, but I think we all pretty much come from that at some level, at some point we came from that kind of like drop shipping dream of, of, you know, Hey, see a video.

This guy's crushing it in e-com. Crushing an e-com. What is e-com?

You learn a little bit about e-com. You learn a bit about drop shipping. You set up your first drop shipping store.

You spend probably five hours on it, maybe two or three days on it at the most. If you're, um, you're really taking it seriously, you, you know, create a Facebook ad, you hit publish, and then you just don't check your phone for like an hour. And then like you, you just go and check everything as you're thinking like, I'm gonna be a millionaire now, like boom and nothing happens.

And yeah, so I think we've all began to come on that journey right there at some level. Um, and then, you know, fast forward a little bit more, you found a winning product, you start to scale your store a little bit. And then yeah, stuff gets real stuff gets real, real.

So, um, one of the biggest things I think we've learned too is when drop shipping is that, you know, the dream of soul bond is just, Hey, find a winning product. You scale a store up, you sit back and you collect money and that's it. But there is a lot more to that.

And it's a lot more I wanted to discuss on this call because you've been lied to big time. So basically, yes, it happens. You find a winning product, you can scale a store up.

And the reality is you'll scale a store up till, you know, maybe a hundred K, you know, you might do like a hundred K in 30 days. Um, I've seen that plenty of times. Um, some people even like 500 K and like 60, 70 days, but then guess what?

All of these bigger gurus, they scale a drop shipping store up really hard, 200, 300, $400,000 across 30, 60, 70, 90 days. And then guess what? It just back down to nothing.

And why? Well, it just no really solid answers. There's a big problem right here.

Uh, and this is something that I've seen plenty of times and it's why that with our agency, we try to focus the most with consistency. Um, it's something that we too have had plenty of problems with where we scale a store up really, really hard. It comes back down and we just can't get to go back up.

And there's a, there's a mixture of things. There's, there's a lot of variables. So it's not necessarily just one fault on any side.

It is, you know, the buying behavior. Sometimes some products just naturally do better at different times of the year. You know, ads, ads aren't always 24 seven go hard.

It's different times of the year ads do better. Different times of years ads suck. That's a reality of it comes, ties back to consumer behavior.

So one thing that I've learned when you're scaling a store, you start to scale really hard and everything you're acquiring a lot of new customers and stuff. But what happens is, is you fail to utilize those customers. That's number one.

Um, you don't do any type of retention, any type of lifetime value improvements and stuff like that, which increase, you know, which ultimately comes down to launching new products. The big delusion is that you just find a winning product, you scale and boom, that that's it. You know, you collect a check for the rest of your life.

The next thing is that creative ads were never talked about testing new ads, testing new creative, testing new copy ads, fatigue, creative fatigues it over period of time. It's becomes less effective. I've seen some stores go a year with the same creative and work really well.

I've seen some stores go a week and then every week they need new creative or it just, it can't scale. So that's a really big thing right there. You know, I think the biggest thing is, you know, find a winning ad and you scale and boom, you make a bunch of money.

But no, next thing is how good your product actually is. So there's a winning product. Then there's a product that people want actually solves a problem to people.

You have a clearly better product than all the competitors and a much better deal than all the competitors. And you're like the obvious choice to go to the winning product could literally be the same thing. All your competitors are doing.

It could be getting late to a trend as well. It could barely solve that problem because the new, the other products solve that problem more efficiently, but Hey, there's still some people that purchase it and you spend a little bit of money on it. You start to scale it and you hit those revenue blocks early on and it's going to hurt.

It's going to suck. And you're going to keep going. Why, why can I scale?

Why can I scale? Test new creative, test new audiences, blah, blah, blah. But then all came down to your product.

And yes, there's winning products. And then there's products that are really strong winners and really have more like, like a winning product in our eyes is just a product that, Hey, get sales. That's it.

A product that's longer term actually grows and actually has projectory to do really great things is a product that solves the need in the market problem. The market people actually have desire for it. Three is that there's not a hundred other people pitching the same product.

Now with that being said, you can still pitch the same product in a market with a hundred people pitching the same product. As long as your product doesn't have the flaws, all your competitors does. So come out with a better product than all your competitors to make you the obvious choice to go to.

So that's a big one right there is really understanding your product positioning, understanding the value, your product brings, understanding the pro the problem, all that good stuff. And that's not just a winning product. That's a product that's going to make you a million dollars.

That's going to be able to scale your business. So that's a big one right there. And that's something that we're not really shedding a light in the specific community on is something that I really want to try to be educate more educational around that.

And yeah, going back to retention and lifetime value, a lot of people believe that you just need one product to scale. You know, like you're, you're basically one product away, just like click funnels, you're one funnel away. You're one product away from changing your life is false.

And it's true, but it's false at the same time. It's true as in, yes, you are correct. Once you find that winning product, you can scale and you have you, everything else aligns, you can scale really hard.

The false part is that you need more than just that one product because let's say for example, um, you know, you have just iPhone, for example, you scale really hard with this product. And I guess what you're constantly relying on new people to purchase this product every day because I don't need multiple phones. So every day Apple would have to rely on people to purchase the iPhone every day if they just had one product.

Now what people do not focus on is the retention side. They, and selling multiple different products to their core audience. Now that being said, if I tell you multi-product, you're going to go and you're going to start putting a bunch of other random products in the same niche, and it's going to be a very big cluster essentially.

So what you need to do as a business owner, and as you're growing this business, once you find your product, that's not just a winning product, a superstar product brings real value to the market. You need to start focusing on your core avatar, your ideal demographic, and you need to look at all of the other things that they have problems with in their life. So Apple, guess what they did?

Oh, they realized people, you know, needed headphones that people love wearing, like listening to music, earbuds and stuff. So they created earbuds. Then guess what?

They realized how outdated earbuds were. So they created AirPods with no like wires or anything like that. And guess what?

You purchased first pair, second pair, third pair, and they didn't rely on a new customer come on board and purchase this phone. They relied on the customers they already had to purchase these new products. And guess what?

It made them money and they really didn't have to spend much on advertising to acquire you. It's 10 times cheaper or it's 10 times more expensive to acquire a new customer than get your one of your existing customers to purchase from you. So as you scale and acquire a ton of customers, you need to start focusing on with some other things we can provide value to our customers and build that lifetime value, that retention.

And again, is a delusional face, a delusional thing we see in the marketplace that, Hey, you've seen a product skeleton. That's it. We're not focusing on building brands here, which is the key here.

The brand will make you the money. Just like they say, money's in the niches, money's in the brand. So we really need to focus on that particular aspect of building a brand that has identity and core branding, like all that good stuff.

Yeah, that's great. It's important, but at the end of the day, it comes down to the products that brand is selling. So Apple, again, they spent a ton of money.

They acquired a ton of customers to this product. Guess what? AirPods, great.

They released that. Then, you know, you can even go as far as like Apple and all their other products into like my LTV with apples is crazy high, but let's put it in a different perspective. I have a lot of people that follow me for clothing, clothing brands and stuff.

You start scaling up with this one particular shirt working really well. Why do people love this shirt? What's some other stuff they're interested in and how can we put, bring that to the market?

And every month we release a new collection. So as we're scaling, getting all these new customers, we're having other new stuff for them to purchase along the way, which is increases retention and LTV. And it's something that people are not focused on.

And the reason why they're not focused on it is because they're just like, Hey, how can I squeeze more money out of this? They don't really know the demographic. They don't really know the niche or anything like that.

They just kept testing these random products. And then they found a product it's scaling, but at the end of the day, they're not passionate about that product. They're not passionate about that niche.

They don't know much about that niche because they don't really care for it, but it's making them money. And that's it. If we go back to Manscaped, Manscaped has done an incredible job with their LTV, their retention, their lifetime value, which is literally the same thing.

Lifetime value is just a number, whereas retention is more like what can we do to keep a customer on for a longer period of time? And Manscaped has done an amazing job with this. And I say that because 85% of you guys are male watching this channel.

And I know for a fact, you've probably seen the Manscaped ads at some point. And with Manscaped, they have gone ahead and they released a little more 1.0 than the 2.0. They kept improving their products.

And guess what? People bought 1.0. They bought 2.0.

They bought 3.0. Now they bought 4.0. And guess what?

As they released these new products and made improvements and stuff, they looked at that customer and said, hey, what are some of the other problems they're facing? So they made deodorants for certain areas of the body for men. And guess what?

Now they're making other things for certain areas of the body for men. All around other problems men face because they've realized men have a particular hygiene problem in this area. And they're constantly innovating new products.

And the existing customers that came to their brand for these one pair of trimmers is now purchasing these other products. And then once they finished in that area, they're like, hey, what else? What are other problems our current avatar faces?

And what are the other issues they face that we can solve? They realized, hey, it's mostly people 20 to 30 years old are buying this particular product. And then they're like, hey, this particular demographic also struggles with skincare for the face.

So guess what? Branded skincare for that particular from that brand coming out. And all of those existing customers line up and purchase again.

So now they're releasing new products to that niche and they're constantly solving problems for the customer avatar in that niche. And if you're in it for the riches, if you're in it just to quickly make a buck, you're not going to be focusing on this. If you're not passionate about your product or not willing to invest in the research and the time of testing and product testing and like all that good stuff, like you don't necessarily need to be passionate about it, but be passionate about the process of what it takes to make a really great product.

And that's going to be key right there. And again, it's very delusional of what we've been taught because we've been taught that, hey, you need one product, you scale hard, blah, that's it. But you're not taught about retention.

And the quickest and easiest way to make more money is launching new products to your current avatar. The one of the biggest things with scaling is not just having a winning product, but a superstar product that actually solves real tangible problems. The market has a high perceived value and is you're the brand is the reason why people purchase from, you know, like you're why people purchase from all your competitors, your product stands out above all your competitors.

That makes you the clear winner. You have really great retention. You're making a bunch of extra profit.

People are coming back to you, purchase from you again and again and again. You have great customer service, more of the operational standpoint. And as you scale again, customer service and hiring people, that's become an issue.

Not really talk about that. Maybe hire a VA real quick, but then it's SOPs, standardized operating procedures, where it goes further into actually documenting task by task of tasks of how to do this and training people up on that. And that's a whole nother video, but that's very deeper into that as well.

That's something that you don't really realize as you scale and grow. So before you want to just flip your switch and say, Hey, I want to go from 20k to 70k a month. You got to realize there's a lot of other things that go into it.

And lastly, ads. We're taught you get one ad, great, spend a bunch of money into it. And then guess what?

When it fatigues, you just got to pull back. No one's taught creative testing, audience testing, consistently launching new creatives, putting a marketing calendar and play to where you can actually plan out really cool events and stuff around your audience and your community and your group and stuff. And it's something that I think needs to be acknowledged and is standardized in this community as we move forward, as it's something critical for brands to keep growing.

And it's at this stage that you realize all this and you start executing on this, you start to become a whole new level. You start to view your brain in a completely different way. You start to see the full picture and we start to see the full picture.

Things start to come in place and you start reaching those levels. You never dreamed of reaching or you've dreamed of reaching and it's beautiful to watch. And, um, it's, it's a very big progress of transformation and growth and stuff that happens in that play, not just with you, but your business as a whole.

And it's really great and really cool to see. So look guys, I'm my apologies. If this video has kind of gone from a little bit all over of, of trying to piece together exact things, but yeah, just wanting to really acknowledge these few things that's kind of going in the community and, you know, I've seen from time to time again and just not really, you know, it's like, Hey, it's not exactly complete truth right there.

And, you know, when I get on calls, I've talked to a lot of people and it's like, you know, they're at that 25 km off 30 km off. And they're like, not doing any of this. It's just like, Hey, you got a lot of work to do and not even in the ads manager, you got work outside of doing your business.

And that's something that's critical for your success. So, um, I really just going to kind of make these videos to kind of like acknowledge this really drop a comment below and let me know kind of what you thought, the vibe, everything like that. And you know, if this is like more of these things you really want me to hit hard on, let me know, because I would love to talk more to you guys about these things.

So if you run a Shopify store or an econ business on at least 25 km off and revenue, and we'd love to work with a team that's dedicated to econ, we speak and speak and nerd out on econ and marketing on the side, um, every day. So, uh, we run full agency. We help brands call six to seven figures, um, in their business.

And we'd love to work with you. Um, click the link below to book a call. We'll simply do a kind of quick 30 minute discovery call.

Um, then we'll actually dig into your ad account and figure out what's wrong, what's holding you back. Look at your brand, your product and everything like what you can do to really, um, level up, uh, your business. So make sure you click the link below to book a call and yeah.

And if you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Well, guys, my name is Nick Theriot and I really hope you enjoyed this video different. I know putting myself out there, trying some new things.

Um, but yeah, thank y'all so much for watching. I appreciate every single one of you guys. Uh, I think we're about to cross over 5k followers or subscribers.

Uh, maybe even before this video is uploaded, who knows? I don't know, but, uh, yeah, you guys are the best. Love you all so very much.

And I appreciate all the support guys really means a lot. So thank y'all and I hope you have a great rest of your day.