Today, we'll be going over three reasons why people are not buying from your Shopify store and how exactly you can fix those with examples. So that being said, let's dive into the video. So number one reason is your product is not important enough.

Now, your job as a marketer is to make it seem important. So we'll go over the exact solution for this. But some products just simply are not important.

I'll give you a great example right here. We are selling this wall art for one of our clients' metal address signs. They'll do about $30,000 a month with one particular angle, which is just like, hey, this is great.

Put it on your wall. Clean up that empty space. Again, wall art.

Something put on the wall. Empty space. You need something cool to put on the wall, right?

And we got about $30,000 a month. Nothing crazy at all. It's brokey numbers, to be fair.

And then what we did was we found a whole new desire that made it a lot more important, which was, hey, when was the last time you surprised your girlfriend? And then here's a great gift for her. And then that way it changed from, hey, something cool to put on the wall to, hey, you haven't surprised your girlfriend in a while.

We got you covered, basically. Here's something unique she'll love. And then like showcasing a bunch of girls in the video, like super ecstatic about it.

So like you also have to like visually articulate these things as well. We made it a lot more important. And we were able to cap up at $300,000 a month.

We're peaking out in like Valentine's Day where we did like $900,000 in a month for Valentine's Day right there. So we made the product more important. So let's go over that.

We'll use one of our products right here, attic insulation. And all we simply want to do is look at the benefits of the benefits. So let's look at an example.

Maybe if you're selling this product right here, attic insulation, you would do something like, hey, cool off your house by adding more insulation to your attic. That's still more just like the benefit, right? You add more insulation, your house stays cooler.

So what we did was we took a step further and we looked at the benefits of the benefits. So what is the benefit of cooling off your house with attic insulation? Well, one of the benefits is you won't have to run the AC as much, which makes your electric bill a lot cheaper per month.

So let's look at that. Little known secret lowers your power bill by 50%. So we're leading with that benefit of, hey, you want an easy way to save more money on your power bill?

Then here you go. Here's the before and after the original one we were running, focusing more on the insulation focus. And then our winning one that's crushing it, that's focusing more on, hey, here's how you can lower your power bill.

And then we're showcasing a power bill dropping due to this right here. We're able to create more importance for the product. And that's what allowed us to, you know, find a winning ad for this particular account that, you know, technically it was kind of like a troublesome account for a period of time right there for us.

So that's what we did for this particular example. And again, that's if your product is not important enough. Now, next one is too complicated.

To be fair, I don't see this as often, but there is every now and then we encounter, you know, a particular product where it's just like, I don't know about that. You know, like we need to simplify the way this works. And that's literally the only solution you have, right?

Is if it's too complicated, you want to simplify it. So we'll use the example of PayPal, PayPal, like 2000, 1999, when they were getting launched and stuff like that. This was something like their marketing messaging right here.

Send digital currency from one IP address to another through 128 bit encrypted network. Like what? Like the average person who's not tech savvy, even a lot of tech savvy people probably won't even know what this technically means right here.

So what they did was, is they simplified it. What does this mean? All it means is you can send money to your friends over email.

That is it. They simplified it. So if your product is too complicated, I would ask yourself, Hey, you know, what are we saying right now?

And how can we simplify this to everyday things that people can relate to, to everyday things in terms of like the vocabulary we use? It's just simpler, easier to understand. Now, last one is your product is too expensive.

And I'd say this is, you know, what I would say on top of not important enough, too expensive and not important enough going hand in hand is the top two reasons why people don't buy from your Shopify store. So the easiest way to combat something being too expensive is you first want to talk about a more expensive solution. So let's look at the product of at home laser hair removal.

If we just say, Hey, our product is $189. It's like, damn, it's kind of expensive, right? For the average person specifically that this product is meant for, you know, 16 year old to 30 year old women.

That's kind of like their primary demographic, like $189 can be a lot. But if we say, Hey, the average cost per treatment is $250 and you'll likely need 68 treatments to get full, like hair, like all your hair removed. Like if you go to a doctor and stuff like that.

Well, whereas our product is just $189 and will last you a lifetime. And you can do a comfort from your own home. So we first lead with a more expensive solution that they're already leveraging.

Then we just simply showcase the math of, Hey, you're already spending, you know, $250 per treatment and you have to do 68 treatments. I mean, that's $2,000 up to $2,000 right there. You're spending over the course of two months.

Simply our product is just $189. You do it from your home. You do it from your comfort of your home.

You don't have to drive anywhere. You don't have to like take off work and stuff like that. You can do this all at home.

And guess what? The product lost a lifetime, has a lifetime warranty on it. So if anything breaks, just let us know.

So again, we're leading with a more expensive solution. Then going how ours is cheaper. Our product is not cheaper from the perspective of build quality and stuff like that.

Our product is just simply getting it done for a cheaper rate. That's all it is. And also to just keep in mind, Rose Skin Co is not a client of ours or anything like that.

Just want to make sure everyone is aware of that. There's a cool brand I like to look at. I've seen them grow from scratch to what they are now.

So definitely a cool brand I recommend trying out or looking at. They even have some ads like this. So as far as application to the funnel right here, too expensive can go two different ways.

I would create some ads around this. I would also go ahead and showcase these creatives on your landing page as well. So on your landing page, I would also showcase a couple examples of more expensive solutions compared to yours.

I would also showcase things like not important enough, all those good things right there. And then also create ads out of these as well and filter those into your account because this also helps a lot with different parts of the funnel. This is a great example of what Rose Skin Co did for one part of the funnel.

Basically, they just showcase the savings. So like shaving, for example, if you have to shave every week, they took the total cost. It looks like over five years.

It looks like five years of shaving cost about $400. Five years of waxing cost $1,800. Five years of laser can cost $3,800.

And they looked at how Rose Skin Co right here is just $189. So they're mentally framing people from the perspective of, hey, look how much money you're going to save by simply going this route right here. And I like how they even did shaving because technically like a razor can cost $5, $2 from the store depending on which one you leverage right there.

Waxing is more expensive. Lasering laser is a lot more expensive going to professional for waxing and laser. Whereas, you know, at home just doing this is $189.

You only pay once. So they did a phenomenal job leveraging, you know, I would say number three of too expensive right there. So hope this video helps you all out.

Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your ads, we specifically work with Shopify stores doing at least $100,000 a month, and we help them scale to multiple seven figures a month. We've done it for multiple stores now.

Love to help you become the next person. Click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads. Now, if you're doing less than $100,000 a month and you want one-on-one mentoring with me, click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

And if you're doing less than $10,000 a month in sales, then click the link below to Nick's Facebook ads course, where it goes specifically in all the creatives that we leverage to scale accounts, you know, specifically in that, you know, sub 10 K a month range. So thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a great day.

Peace out.