Should you use Advantage Plus audiences with Facebook ads in 2024? Now, Advantage Plus was introduced somewhere, I don't know, around like 2023, early 2023 for Facebook. And, you know, it's a lot of like mixed cases, right?

Like a lot of people are saying how amazing it is. And then, you know, some people are against it. It's kind of iffy, right?

Now, then Facebook decided to roll out Advantage Plus audiences. So those Advantage Plus campaigns, great, you know, iffy, 50-50. Then they rolled out Advantage Plus audiences.

Now, Advantage Plus audiences are basically broad targeting, right? There's just age, gender, location. That is it.

Now, should you use Advantage Plus audiences is the question though. Because for us, we still been doing our regular normal audiences, original audiences. We'll just click that little blue button that says switch to original audience.

And we'd always do the original audiences. Now, I tested Advantage Plus on a couple different accounts. And ultimately, like long story short, why did I switch back?

Was because I felt like the frequency would skyrocket on these Advantage Plus audiences. So you would launch something and it would just hammer people that's already in your like middle funnel, bottom funnel audiences. And like the first maybe two or three days, depending on what's being promoted, would crush you really well.

And then you would see a big spike in just like cost per click, things like that. So like the first couple days would just be heavy frequency. And then it would start kind of shifting over to more like just colder audiences and stuff.

So like it was almost very weighted on like middle funnel, bottom funnel, retargeting. We would see a higher frequency on these Advantage Plus audiences. So, you know, long-term scaling was always a issue with those.

Now, the regular audiences, what I'd find had a good split between pretty much whatever you're optimizing for, right? If your purchases going after, you know, whatever, whatever creatives you have to go after whatever particular market awareness and things like that, it had a pretty good balance between like cold targeting and warm targeting. So that was a big one for me when it came down to Advantage Plus right there.

You know, Advantage Plus and Advantage Plus audiences, whatever one you're using right there, was that frequency be really high and it would just, you know, wouldn't convert well. So the other questions I got a lot and I guess a couple pros to look at from like Advantage Plus side was, hey, the cool thing about Advantage Plus was that it forced broad targeting on people. And it further shows that, you know, this is going to the future of, hey, audiences soon will be non-existent.

There will be no interest targeting, look-like targeting and things like that. Now, most of our accounts, I'll say all of our accounts, I haven't personally ran a look-like audience or interest audience since 2022 of December. So a little over a year and a half, I've been all in on broad targeting and I'm loving it.

We're crushing with it. It's phenomenal. I highly recommend you do it.

Advantage Plus audiences are for people that are just starting off with Facebook ads. They aren't really familiar with the Facebook ads community on YouTube, my channel and things like that and other people that preach broad targeting. So it's a way for Facebook to introduce the broad targeting to people that are just simply not aware of it.

Whereas, you know, hey, you probably won't know about broad targeting unless you watch some of this stuff online. So for new people just getting off their advertising, it's actually really good the way they push it. And I do like that.

And that's also why a lot of reps push it to get you to spend more. Facebook pushes it. They talk about how amazing it is for a lower cost per acquisition and stuff like that.

But for more experienced Facebook advertisers that test it, put it through a ringer. Again, that's where I find that, hey, frequency is a lot higher than these Advantage Plus audiences. And we'll typically see, you know, creative burnout faster, creative fatigue, those things right there.

So I personally prefer original audience to where we, you know, have a little bit slower of a decay on those particular creatives. And we get a lot more new people, fresh eyeballs seeing those creatives. That's why I like to go for my original audiences.

That's really the only difference between the two right there. I do think it's a great tool, Facebook added to the platform for, you know, people who just start off of Facebook ads up to intermediates. It's great.

But from that intermediate to advanced, this is where you learn what rules to break inside of Facebook. And these are one of those key things right there for keeping a fresh new level of impressions every day inside the account. This is why I do recommend the original audiences inside of the account.

As far as that, I mean, that's the main key things there. Like it just doesn't really need to be a 20, 30 minute long video. It's only be straight, short, straight to the point with these right here.

You know, as far as future predictions and stuff, I do believe Facebook will work on that and improve it. They'll probably roll out something completely different as well. Give another new wrapper to it.

But yeah, so short video for you guys. But I've been getting this question a lot and I'd love to know your opinions. Drop it below.

Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, I specifically help brands.

Stock at six figures a month, scale to seven figures a month. I've helped four brands now and love to help you be the next one. Click link below to if you want me to mentor you on a monthly basis.

And then lastly, if you're looking for an intermediate to advanced Facebook ads, marketing psychology course, click link below to Nick's Facebook ads course. Thank you all for watching this very short video. Hope you all enjoyed.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.