All right, so this is a brand that we did a little over 200k and sells for in one month. And I just want to kind of show you all like exactly what we do to make a brand over $200,000 a month in revenue with Facebook ads. So everything starts off with market research.

And we want to start off with looking at like the Facebook ad comments. For example, this is a really good place to start off your research and you get some really good gems. This is a comment right here that we literally use to make an adding called this is my girlies who need a girl's night soon.

And it literally did seven figures in revenue that one ad for one of our clients. This is another really good review that we found that gave us the idea to do like kind of basically like a gifting and like the perfect gift for my sweetheart or hey, this is the perfect gift for an anniversary gift and stuff like that. And it did a couple hundred thousand dollars for one of our clients in the metal signs niche, which was really powerful.

So we look at these different reviews to understand why people are buying what was kind of the reason why they bought what was maybe the problem they were struggling with the symptom they were having all of these good things. And if you want kind of more information on that market research, click link below to ads that scale book.com, which is my ebook, which is 99 page very detailed instruction guide on how to create Facebook ad creatives that scale. And the next best place that we like to look at for research is competitors.

And we kind of take a look at like these foreplay, for example, and I'll just sort by ads that are active and sort by, you know, just kind of like how long they've been running and stuff like that. So that's again, that's foreplay that code that we use. And you know, your goal when you're writing ads that scale is to understand your market.

And people always ask me, Nick, how much research do you need to do? And it's purely you just need to do enough research until you feel like you're ready to write your first ad. This may be five minutes.

There's some markets where it took me like 20 hours to research before I could write my first ad because I really need to understand it to a deep level. And I really want to know is what is my market desire? What does my market struggle with?

What problem does my market have? And who is my ideal customer? And to be fair here, like some of your products may only have desires around it.

Maybe it's the desire for men to get sexual relationships with their wife. Like, you know, it has been kind of quiet in the bedroom for a while. So like our shirt makes you like makes her glue to you, bro, if you buy our shirt.

And like, those are some things that you have to really get creative with as a marketer. Whereas like a problem might be, hey, do you have scoliosis, for example, then here's a great product to help out with scoliosis. That's a problem they have.

Now, something they struggle with might be, you know, knee pain every morning they wake up. It's not an actual problem. It's a symptom.

Desire is something they want. And a problem is a diagnosed thing that you can label it. Now, next thing is we want to start writing hooks.

And what we want to do is want to look at our research. And we basically want to take our market's desire, problem, or symptom, whatever one it is that you see dominantly from your research. And you want to apply the golden hook formula to it.

The golden hook formula essentially means we want to call the ideal audience, imply a benefit, and intrigue curiosity to where we can make a badass hook that like scales and fucking crushes your competition. And here's how that looks. So you want to take the desire.

You want to take that and then you want to multiply it by your golden hook formula. And this will be your hook. So here's a great example.

Our desire is a fun girls night. And we're going to multiply that by our golden hook formula. And that's an equal calling all girlies who need a fun girls night soon.

This hook right here, like I said, literally did over seven figures in revenue for one of our clients. Now, what we want to do is we want to write the script. So you have your hook.

Now you want to write a script around that hook. And this is going to be your ad script. And what I like to tell people is you tell a story using that hook.

That's the easiest way to go about that. So here's our, our hook right here. This is my girls.

You need a fun girls night soon. I recently did this in my last girls night and we've become obsessed. I ordered some paint by number kits from X brand and we love it.

It comes with everything you need minus a bottle of wine. It's perfect for sitting down. And I think that's all I'll put right there.

It goes a little bit longer, but I just kind of cut it out. So this is our script, right? Now what we want to do is we want to start looking at visually articulating this script.

So I go line by line and basically ask myself, how can I visually articulate that a group of girls laughing and chatting, setting the scene for a girl sign in. I'm visually articulating that script right there. Next one, the girls unboxing their simple painting kit.

I recently did this with my last girls night. We're just kind of showcasing the girls all together at a girls night unboxing and so on. I'll go line by line in line.

And then from here, once I have my script down, I'm going to film the content. Now, how exactly do I film this content? I'm a big fan of incense.pro.

That's where I hire my content creators. I've been working with them since 2021. I spent a couple thousand dollars a month on content every single month with them.

And that's my favorite place to hire content creators fast to get content for ads. Now, once I get that content back, I'll do some polishing touches with my editing team, like adding captions to it. And then I'm going to launch my ads.

Now, the way we structure things is we put everything in a single CBO campaign. I do one campaign per business objective. Let's say you own a clothing brand, you have a men's line and a female line, then you'll do a men's dedicated campaign, a women's dedicated campaign.

Let's say you have two or three different products and you own a supplement brand and each product solves a very different problem and like very different niche. Then I'll have a campaign for each. Let's say, for example, you're in five different countries, then I'll have one campaign per country.

That's just some examples right there of different business objectives. Then what I do is I just keep creating new ad sets for every new concept. That's basically like every new hook and then the content around that hook.

And what we do is we do one flexible ad inside, manual upload, flexible. We upload three photos or three videos. And then we do one winning primary text, one new primary text, one winning headline in one new winning text.

And then from there, what we want to do, like I said, we want to use one hook and a different visual for each photo. Now we're going to do the same thing for video video. The only difference is, is we're going to do a different visual hook.

Now from there, basically trying to scale, like we'll keep testing these new ad sets and we'll find our new winning ad set. And then once we find a new winning ad set that improves overall performance, we'll start our scaling procedure. And I'm not going to go through this whole thing, but basically every day I look at yesterday's new customer cost per acquisition, you can use triple well for this to figure out your new customer cost per acquisition.

It just pops up right then and there when you open up the dashboard, or there's ways to figure out how to like put it from Shopify to Facebook. But again, that's just, yeah, that's it right there. And then basically I look at yesterday, did we hit our NCCPA?

Yes. Cool. Increased it in my 20%.

And then I'm going to come back tomorrow and do the same. If not, then I'm either going to wait three days and do nothing. If I haven't waited three days and I'm just going to keep waiting until we hit our full three days of at that bad performance.

Cause sometimes what will happen is if we wait a couple of days at the bad performance, Facebook will just re-optimize and we'll see performance improve. So that's why I just don't touch it for a couple of days. Then I'd like to ask myself the question, if we have waited three days and still seeing bad performance, are we losing money?

Yes, we are. Then I'd like to ask myself, are we at the hard deck? I like to set a certain level of spin that I never go below, regardless of how bad performance is, because I don't want to scale down too little.

And it's, it's too little of spin for me to keep testing new creatives. So I like to find that happy median right there. If a nice number, I never scale below, regardless of how much we're losing, because that gives me enough daily spins where I can keep testing new creatives.

And if we're not at the hard deck, then cool. Decreased spin by 20%. Keep focusing on finding your new winning ads and come back tomorrow.

If we are at the hard deck, then I'm basically just going to hold that budget and start finding new winning ads. And I'm going to come back tomorrow and basically just start this all over again. And this is exactly how to make 200k a month with Facebook ads.

Keep testing your new creatives. Keep looking at that market research, coming up with new ideas. And if you want my step-by-step process to creating Facebook ads that scale, then click the link below to ads that scale book.com.

It's an instruction manual on exactly how to do the research, what to say in the ads, how to do at the different positionings, angles, all of those good things right there. It's literally from my last couple years of experience of running Facebook ads and the couple hundred thousand dollars I've spent into my own personal education to learn how to write really effective ads for Facebook. So thank you so much for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name's Nick Terrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.