So here's how we can create ads for a brand new Facebook ad account. I get this question a lot. Nick, if you have a brand new Facebook ad account, how would you go about setting it up?

Well, today we're actually going to be setting up an ad account, kind of like what I would do for a brand new ad account. A lot of you guys already know I do, you know, one campaign dynamic creative test and stuff like that. Well, if it's a brand new ad account, like how would you get that started?

And this video is going to go directly into it. So let's hop into it. So first things first, there's a couple of things we're going to look at.

Number one, the market research, creating of the ads, our first test we're going to launch, finding winning ads from that test, and then launching our first DCT. So that's going to be kind of the order of which we do everything. If you don't know what DCT is, it's a dynamic creative test, and it's how we do all of our testing for an account that's already been launched.

So first things first is go do your market research. I got videos on this. If you go watch how to build a Facebook ad from scratch, I go really in-depth with this, but your market research.

I'm not going to go super in-depth with it today, but you want to identify your desires, market awareness, market sophistication, personas, pain points, struggles, positioning. You know, there's some examples right here, a couple of things I pulled together, like things like that. Then what we're going to do is we're going to use Adcelerator, our Google Sheets to actually plan out all of our ad concepts.

We have 10 ad concepts we planned out right here. The name of the concept, that's just for internal naming purposes. The number of it, again, for internal purposes.

The persona we're targeting, the desire we're targeting for that concept. The benefit we're showcasing, the positioning of how we want to position that ad in the marketplace. The hook pattern we want to leverage.

And then why are we testing this? What is our confidence for this to perform? And what are we testing specifically here so we understand that?

Then from there, we want to actually go ahead and build out these ads. And then we're going to test these ads for 7 to 14 days. And what we do is we do one campaign, one ad set, broad targeting, aged in their location.

And then we just launch these eight ads. These will all be very unique ads. There's nothing like, we don't, we just, there are eight unique ads.

And again, each particular ad we create is based off of a particular thing we learned from market research and we want to test. I'm really focusing on the key things here in the marketplace that we built hypotheses off of how we can position this ad in the marketplace. And that's what we want to test first.

So it might be three ads you build. It might be 10 ads you build. It might be 12 ads you build.

I wouldn't go over 12 ads. So I'd say minimum three, max 12 ads based off what your research in each ad will be testing something you found from research. And you really want to focus more on the positioning side of how we're positioning this in the marketplace.

That's what we want to focus on. And then I'll show you guys the ad account set up real quick. So we'll dive into our ad account.

It's an ad account right here. I just use for YouTube. So funnel hack me all you want.

I don't care because again, it's just a dummy account. So again, create a campaign. Want to do a sales campaign.

Yeah. I'm just going to continue really quick. I'm going to do a manual sales campaign.

I don't do advantage plus because I want to be able to create ad sets in it and I can't with advantage plus. So there we go. We hit continue.

From here, we're going to call a campaign. Just whatever you want. I like to do my agency's initials.

You can do your brand initials if you want. And then whatever you want to call it. Call it prospecting.

I'm just going to call it YouTube example. And then from here, a couple of key things you want to make sure. Sales objective, buying type, auction.

Want to make sure you turn on advantage campaign budget. Set the budget to wherever you want. I recommend something that if you're running this for the first time ever, it's probably going to be capped at $50 a day if it's a brand new account.

So you can do $50 a day. If you can spend more than $50 a day, cool. Go for it.

But just pick a budget you can stick with for at least 30 days. That's my key. So this account's already launched.

So I'm just going to do $100 a day. Now here's where we're going to go into like the ad set name and everything. You can choose website and shop if it's set up correctly.

Like if you've got all that set up, I'm just going to do website for this video, for this specific video. But you can do website and shop. There's no issues at all with that.

And then we'll name our ad sets. So USA or actually I'm going to call this main 01. And then I'm going to call this USA because I'm targeting USA.

I'm going to do male plus female because I'm targeting male or male and female. And then from here, I'm going to do 18 plus because we're targeting 18 plus as well. And then I'm just going to call this broad.

I'm going to do AP. That means automatic placements. I'm going to do O per means optimized for purchases.

Even if it's a brand new account, even though it's never had a sell before on the account optimized for purchases or just simply look, I'll give you my Venmo below and you can Venmo me the money you spend every day. Because honestly, it'd be better use in my hands than you blowing it on add to cart campaigns or traffic campaigns. Next thing I want to do is just choose your pixel.

All right. And then there we go. Everything looks good.

You can set the start date to midnight. I'm a big fan of that. So 12 AM.

I actually need to change this to 20 seconds. There we go. All right.

Cool. Now, again, I do broad targeting. I believe that the algorithm is better than me.

So I believe that the algorithm can better target my audience than me. So I don't put targeting. Now, if you know for a fact that females 30 to 65 purchase from you, you can do females.

Or if you run a male specific clothing brand, then do males. If you know you have a female product that's specifically for females, do females. This product right here can be sold to both 18 plus male and female.

So I'm doing that. But we have accounts where we do 18 to 30 because we know specifically to just that demographic. I would focus more on the gender though and do the age group later down the road.

That's my advice. All languages and advantage plus placements. I'm going to click next.

And here's where you'll build your ads. All right. And here is where I'm just going to call this unique.

You. Oh my God. I cannot spell today.

Unique ad 01. And then I'm going to add some. I'm going to add my unique image or whatever.

There we go. Next. Next.

Done. All right. So multi-advertiser ads.

You can leave that on. I don't see anything bad leaving it on. I don't see anything good leaving it on.

So I just leave it on. And yeah. And then I'll load in my unique ad 01 primary text.

And then my... Obviously you want to add the actual copy that goes with this. Headline.

All right. Description I don't really worry about. To be honest.

But if your headline is short enough to where it shows the description, you can add it to description. And then I'm going to add in our website. There we go.

All right. All right. Cool.

I am just going to do homepage for this. Just to get this over. But yeah.

So you'll load in your unique creative specifically built to test this particular concept. Your unique headline that goes with this concept. And your unique primary text that goes with this concept.

And then from there, if you have triple O and you have UTMs, you can add your UTMs and stuff like that. And then from there, you're just going to publish. That's all you're going to do.

Now, what you're going to do is once you run these ads, I like to run these ads for about 7 to 14 days. Like I said, you might have three. You might have 12 unique ads.

And each of those ads are testing one of these concepts. So you'll have one concept for 101, which is a particular piece of market research you found. You'll have a different piece of research for like 102.

And we're going to test something else in the marketplace. Different ways to position the product in the marketplace. And then from there, what we're going to do is put them all together.

Run for 7 to 14 days. Exactly like that. So I'm just going to do this again.

But for other ads, I have to test as well. So each have a different copy. Each have a different headline.

And each have a different creative. But they all go together in terms of like that creative, that headline, that text go together. So each adds a unique ad.

And then from there, we're going to run that for 7 to 14 days. And then we're going to review the performance. So here, we ran this for a couple of days for this account.

And you can see right here, we had one ad with five purchases. I got majority of spend. And what we're going to do now is that we picked out a particular positioning in the marketplace.

You can see right here for this account, we tested people who suffer with severe arthritis. We built an ad showcasing our product helps out with arthritis. Another one we talked about was joint pain.

So we talked about how joint pain is affecting their life and how our product helps with that. We talked about how our product can help out with immune support in another ad. We talked about how digestive issues is a problem and how our product can fix that.

How we can help out swelling in legs. How we can help out with waking up to balanced energy. New and improved.

Basically showcasing how we have a better product in the marketplace than others in this particular category. So the feed, freaking illness. No longer need a second cup of coffee.

All right. So 108 right here. This is what won.

And I let Facebook tell me what wins based off amount spent. Now, if this spent $300 with no purchases and this one spent like $102 with five purchases, then like obviously I'm going to be more inclined for 106 than 376 right here. But I essentially just want to see what gets the most spend out of these couple of days.

And I want to try to pick ads with more spend and a good amount of purchases. So maybe it's not the top ad, but at least within the first three to four ads, I'm picking as the winning ad. I only want to pick one ad.

That's it. Because that's going to tell me a particular positioning in the marketplace that we can leverage. And once we do that, we're going to create our first DCT.

So we identify our winning ad. We're going to do a winning ad review. We want to figure out what desire that was that we tested.

What's the market awareness we tested? What's market sophistication we tested? And the persona we tested?

Now we know what desire, awareness, sophistication, and persona works across the marketplace. We can start building ads off of this. Now we might do an iteration where we only change one variable of the winning ad.

We might do a variation where we keep the core idea of the winning ad, but give it a whole new face. Or we might do a whole new concept where we keep the desire, the awareness, the sophistication, the persona the same, but we create a whole new concept off of that. So it's three different types of ads we can create.

We might do all three to where we create three different DCTs, or we might just do one. It just depends. But now we have our starting point of what works in the account.

And then we'll go create our first DCT. Now a DCT, this is basically three creatives, one body copy, and one headline. And the three creatives are going to be three videos or three images, never mix the two.

The reason why is because of variable control. So all three videos would be the same, except the visual hook would be different, or all three images would be the same, and the background would be different, for example. And yeah, so that's what we want to look at.

So here's our three creatives. We're going to build a DCT really quick. Here's our new body copy that we're going to actually load into here.

And here's our new headline as well. And then we're also going to incorporate our existing winning body copy and existing winning headline. So when we look at the full fundamental of a DCT, we incorporate two copies, two headlines, and one's a winner, one's a new, and then three new creatives there.

So I'm going to show you guys how to set this up really quick. So we're going to do this in exactly the same campaign we launched our existing ads. So we'll turn off the ads that didn't work inside of this campaign.

So let's assume like we did that. And then we have our main ad set. Now our objective is to beat this ad set.

How do we do it? We find new winning ads that can beat that and let Facebook tell us, hey, this either works or it doesn't. So we'll go through this process again really quick.

Dynamic creative turned on. There we go. Continue.

So again, that's the key thing there. We're going to do dynamic creative. And then start date.

Again, I'm going to start this at midnight. 12. There we go.

And then obviously all the targeting. Everything would be exactly the same. You're never going to mess with the targeting.

And then this will just be DCT. You know, call this DCT 101. So I like to do the batch number.

So I'll be like 101 or 110, whatever it will be. And then from here we'll build our DCT. So what we'll do is we'll select images because we're testing our three images.

So these are three brand new images. All right. So we're building a whole new DCT.

So, you know, just assume that we never used this image before. You do not carry over the winning image from this ad set into your DCT unless we want to carry just one image over and test like five copies against it. That's something we'll do.

But we never retest the winning image with the new images. Only the copy. So let me just type all this in really quick.

There we go. Now we're going to put copy everything in. Also to make sure you turn off optimize creative for each person.

And let me choose a shop destination really quick. Home page. All right, cool.

And here we go. We're going to type in our new body copy. So that's going to be one primary text.

And then I'm going to add a text option. And then we're going to add in our existing winning body copy. So this would be like the winning copy from our first round.

All right. And then our headline, we're going to add in our headline. So this is our winning.

And then I'm going to add another headline option. And let's go to new headline. There we go.

All right, cool. And then from there, I'm going to say it publish. And that's our DCT.

So now we launched a new DCT. Now, again, our objective with this DCT is to see what can beat our existing ad. So here's an example right here.

We have our main ad set right here, broad. And then you can see right here, just 123 took off and beat our broad ad set. We also had other DCTs, UGP1, B33, 116C that never beat our main ad set.

So we turned them off. 123 beat our ad set. And then we looked at the overall business.

The overall business spiked in revenue. NCPA dropped by 24%. And our profit rose significantly when we had this DCT crush.

So then from there, we're just going to simply scale budget by 20% daily as long as results allow for it. And then from there, that's how we were able to build up this particular business. After six months of building better ads and just focusing on better ads, we were able to scale from 5K a day in revenue to 30K a day, 32K a day in revenue.

Not this ad account, but another ad account. So, yeah. So that's how we pretty much basically set up a brand new account and then shift over to DCT testing.

So we start off identifying key things in the marketplace we want to test. Then we're going to build fresh ads around those key things so we can test them. We'll find a winning ad.

And then from there, we'll start actually going ahead and looking at, okay, hey, here's some key things we want to test. We want to keep that core idea the same, but just new things we want to test around that. And that's how we further get a better cost per acquisition and a better creative at scale that works.

And then, yeah. And after running the DCT for three to seven days, if you're spending less than $1,000 a day, seven days. If you're spending more than $1,000 a day, three days.

Unless you have a high ticket product, it's a couple hundred bucks. But turn off the DCT after three to seven days if it's not spending more or making a positive impact on the business in terms of like this right here. But just turn that DCT off.

If it didn't work, cool. If it's working amazing and it beats your main ad set or whatever like the top ad set is, leave it on. And just let it keep making the business money.

Then from there, you can launch new DCTs as you reach different plateaus in your business or performance starts to tank. So like, you know, we tested probably around, I think it was like 48. Eight, no, 22 DCTs over 48 days for this particular account right here.

But yeah, so like, you know, we're on some accounts right now where we've tested 160 DCTs over a year and a half. We found multiple winners that kept allowing us to scale, scale, scale, scale and grow the business right there. So it's all key things there.

The biggest thing is that every DCT you launch needs to be driven by strategy of why you're creating that DCT. If you're just launching shit for no reason, that's not a reason at all. If you're launching stuff with, I'm trying to find a new winning ad, that's not a reason at all.

Each ad needs to be driven by research. And there's a reason why you created that ad because you have belief that that ad is creating impact in the business or will create an impact in the business. And that's strategy more on that side of how you develop those creatives.

Like what's the reason behind the creative? How are you positioning it? All those key things there.

That's it. Three reasons why is not a strategy. That's just a style.

That's just a hook. But why you created and how you created the three reasons why is more around the strategy side right there that you need to focus on, which is going to dramatically help you with increased the amount of winning ads you find in the account itself. So hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.