Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and I have a new exciting video for you guys today.

I've talked a lot about building e-com brands online. I've talked a lot about all these clients have helped and stuff, but one thing I have not talked about is what would I do if I started an e-commerce brand from scratch? So in today's video, you're in for a real treat.

I'm going to take you through my step-by-step process if I were to start an e-com brand from scratch. So make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's get started guys.

So number one is first off, you need to have a source of income. So I know I'm going to have a lot of people that's going to come to this video. That's maybe just starting out, maybe, you know, just lost their job and they want to start e-commerce from scratch or don't have any income.

You need a source of income. You need a job that, a reliable source of income that you can utilize so you can pay for ads, pay for Shopify, pay for products, pay for product photos. And you know, to get all that, it costs money and you need to have a good amount of savings or full-time job, something that you can use to really leverage and increase your path to success.

Because if you don't have a good source of income, you won't be able to really invest into your business. And it's going to take a lot longer for you to really grow your business. So get a good source of income.

You're probably only going to need it for about a year. And then usually after about a year of really hitting your business hard, you should be able to leave that job and just live purely off your econ brand. So step number two is you want to do some good product research.

Now product research, there's a lot of different angles you can attack of it and finding the right product. So there's a few different angles you can attack. There's a niche I really love and I want to put a product in that niche or there's just researching what's selling now and going ahead and finding some products and what's working right now.

So what's the top sellers kind of like worldwide? What's the big trends right now? What's everyone hopping on with what everyone loves?

Or I really love the specific niches. And then I want to find the top 100 in those niches and like the top products in those niches. And I want to research them and figure out how I can sell some of those.

So find products that's already working right now. And that doesn't seem to be too oversaturated and seems to be working really well. Because if it's oversaturated right now, there's still plenty enough room in the market for new people.

You know, just because one brand is blowing it up. But the big thing about that, it's going to be unique competitive advantage. So do research, find a product.

You can go on AliExpress. You can now look at like Amazon top 100. It's no real easy cycle for this because, you know, some people come up with product ideas out of nowhere.

They work really well. Some people have a really detailed, you know, strategy in terms of, you know, research and everything like that. I don't really have much of a research strategy.

It's more of just observing the market, observing what I love to love, then also observing what's selling and figuring out, you know, how can I maybe add my competitive twist to those particular products? And that's also another thing. Look at what's the top 100.

Find a product you love. So let's just say it's blue light blockers right here. How can I add my own competitive advantage?

What's the problem between all of these that's not being identified or addressed by new manufacturers? So for example, blue light blockers a few years ago, the biggest problem amongst all the brands was they were not stylish. So now some of these newer ones that are really stylish do so much better than those because they weren't stylish.

That's it. Silver and super simple. So after I identify a few products, I kind of want to, you know, create around, I want to find these on AliExpress.

And the reason why I want to start on AliExpress is because I can do dropshipping and I would want to start dropshipping first because it allows me to test and validate products before I invest a bunch of money into them and actually, you know, turning me into a brand. So I'm against dropshipping for a long-term thing, but I'm short. I'm, I'm for dropshipping when it's a short cycle, like a 30 day cycle, just to validate a product, whether it works or not.

So what I would want to do is find the products on AliExpress, find like the, say the 10, I want to like test or validate, or that I'm interested in creating and even start with like 10 completely different things. So if it's like three different pairs of blue light blockers, let's just test one pair of blue light blockers. And what we want to do is we essentially want to find these products and have like 10 different angles of attack of entering a product into the market.

So once you do that, find those products on AliExpress, look at the five competitors for each one of those products. So you have these 10 products, 10, and then we want to find the five competitors of each one of those. So you'll have 50 brands total because five brands for each one of those products.

And what you want to do is you want to look at how they're positioning that product. You know, the ad copy, the creative, what angle of attack are they using in the ad copy? How is the website structured?

What's some of the stuff in the description and stuff and really start to catch an eye of how it's being sold. And you can use the Facebook ads library, look at their ads, figure out where creatives work, figure out what ad copy works, figure out what headlines work. And then what you want to do is you want to order those products, get them in and create creative exactly like those main brands.

Now is start a kind of like a general store, a general store that has some level of niche in it. So for example, we can do a general gym, like active wear brand or a general brand and like the beauty niche. And what we're going to do is we're going to list those products and we can start testing them and doing product testing with Facebook ads.

So what we're going to do is now we have creatives. We're creating based off what's working. We have ad copy being created based off what's working.

We have the website kind of structured exactly how these other brands are working. And then we're also adding in our fine little details to these products of what makes us different and how we're selling these products different. Now, what you want to do is you want to go with Facebook ads and you can go the Facebook ads route is what I recommend if you have the budget.

If not, you can just go with some influencers, but I'm going to cover Facebook ads specifically on this video because I have more people that follow me for Facebook ads. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a campaign and we should have about three to four different ads created for each one of those products. And those three to four ads for each one of those products should be based off what's working from the other five brands that's competitors against each one of those products.

So product one, these five competitors, we have, you know, three to four ads that's based off these five competitors. These three or four ads is based off what's working, copy, creative, and headline based off these five brands. And that way, we're kind of giving it the best possible chance for this product to succeed because we're giving it, you know, we're, we're using what's already working essentially.

So now what I want to do, go to Facebook ads manager. I want to go to and create a campaign, ABO campaign, ad set budget optimization. I want to create 10 ad sets.

One of them is going to be completely open. Just no targeting, just literally your country. You want to target age and gender.

That's it. Leave it open. And then I'm going to do is the other nine ad sets are going to be interest related specifically to that product.

About five of them are going to be under 5 million people for the interest size, anywhere from 500,000 to 5 million. And the other four are going to be 5 million plus interest size. So big, broad interest.

And I'm going to have 10 ad sets total. So 10 ad sets total. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to load in the same three, the same up to four ads in each one of those ad sets for that one product.

So one campaign, one product for that whole campaign, 10 different ad sets, and the same four ads in each one of those 10 ad sets, ad set budget optimization. And then your daily budget for each one is going to be your 2X, your target CPA. And I recommend your target CPA being one third to one half of what your product cost is.

So for example, if your product is selling for a hundred bucks, then we want to do a target CPA of 30 bucks to get a three extra ROAS. And then our daily budget's going to be 2X, our target CPA. So our target CPA, our daily budget, it's going to be 60 bucks and 10 ad sets at 60 bucks.

Yes. That's going to be $600 a day in spin. You're going to set up.

And then what you want to do is you want to run that campaign for three days. And what's going to happen is you're going to test product number one for three days, a bunch of different interests, four ads that have the best possible chance of performing. Now, if you can't afford to go spend what 600 bucks a day times three days, that's 1800 bucks on product testing and the initial kind of investment and pushing them to, you can do, again, I work with clients with big budgets and I want to keep this low.

And, you know, I want to keep this, um, as, as you know, as you could say as green, the light and green as possible as I can. So what I could do is set up the $60 target CPA or target CPA of say 30 bucks with a $60 day daily budget for each one of those ad sets. If I'm selling a hundred dollar item, what I could do is I could put each ad set anywhere from $5 to $25 at the lowest.

Again, what happens is, is it becomes really hard when you don't spend that much on an ad set, uh, for testing a product, because what essentially happens is your Facebook is going after the lowest hanging fruit when you're trying to spend five bucks a day. So then when you can try to scale it really hard, it's really hard to make that jump from $5 today to a hundred dollars today, because what happens is, is Facebook's been going off at a low hanging fruit and there's not enough people in the market to support a hundred dollar day budget or a thousand dollar day budget or a $10,000 day budget. So we'd like to really hit it hard with the initial kind of testing.

So that way Facebook will quickly find us the best markets, best interests that can afford these higher spins. So that's the key with that right there. So what we're going to do is we're going to do that.

And we're going to start testing products. Boom, boom, boom. So again, 10 products times 1800 bucks is $18,000 a day, assuming that all the products are a hundred dollars each, all 10 products.

And then also to assuming that all of them we're trying to go for a three extra at that budget, et cetera. Now, again, that's a lot. And you know, my best bet is that you're going to probably do the five to $25 a day, daily budget for each one of those ad sets.

And what's going to happen is, is you're going to spend a lot less instead of the 1800 bucks. But again, this is like completely from scratch. What I would do, you know, with just completely scratch, et cetera.

So what's going to happen is you're going to find a winning product and you're going to start scaling and you're going to start pushing more into that product. You'll start scaling, you'll start getting some sales. You'll start getting some profit.

Now take that profit. Do not touch it. Do not pay yourself because you do not deserve a check yet.

What you need to do is you need to reinvest that money. You need to put that money into a private label and actually start private labeling, whatever product you're working with. So say, for example, I'll sell them blue light blockers, starting to get some sales.

Maybe I'm spending a hundred dollars a day to a thousand dollars a day. I'm getting three to $4,000 back. I'm drop shipping right now.

Again, remember that, but now in order to keep scaling, I need to private label this. So what I want to do is I want to find a agent that can create the product that I'm selling right now. And private label it, my own branding to it and really start to build a brand, you know, building the creative assets around it, private labeling it and shipping it from a house.

And what's going to happen is you're gonna have better shipping delivery. You're going to have, you can provide a better experience for the customer. You can do your own shipping labels.

You can do your own shipping boxes, packaging, all that stuff. And so look a lot more professional. Now you can start building a brand.

And at this stage, you're probably at like $5,000 a day to maybe even $10,000 a day in revenue. Maybe that much, maybe two or $3,000. What you want to start doing is you want to look at a daily content production for social media, hiring someone that can create a lot of content with your products and post it on social media on a day to day basis.

Start building out your email marketing platform. Start looking at customer experience and really diving into the customer experience from, you know, every, like all angles, post purchase, post purchase flows, new products that these existing customers can purchase. And then, you know, again, just keeping up with the brand image, keeping up with the customer experience, you know, from the sale, having to make sure they're having a great time with the product, offering some really good warranties, guarantees and stuff, and continue to push more into ads and stuff.

So that's literally how to build, how I'll be building a brand from scratch. Now, again, this is like, I don't build brands from scratch. Like I'll be honest with you.

I don't drop ship. I really consult with a lot of brands that are doing a thousand dollars a day. Plus that's already validated their product that it works and stuff.

And we essentially come in and help them scale from a thousand dollars a day to the ultimate goals, $4,000 a day. So you can do six figures plus a month and revenue. And that's where we come in really well.

So we're, we're more the scalars, but we do have some experience with building brand from scratch. And you know, again, it's something that we don't do on a day to day basis, but as we're building up our agency and stuff, we're going to start to be investing in this. And as we've been kind of putting together our process of how we're going to do this, so that way we can do this the most efficient way.

So I'm happy to share it with you guys on this video. Hopefully I didn't confuse you guys too much. And again, I know this might not be from a beginner standpoint, but it's more of just what I would do.

And I know what I would do is not the same, how, you know, Tom over there would do, but there's a lot of different ways to, you know, fill up a cup of water. And this is just one of the ways that I would do. So hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Maybe I can do another like detail breakdown of actually showing like a presentation and stuff like that. Cause I know this was kind of just talking off the top of my head and stuff, but hopefully I brought up a lot of cool points and interesting topics for you guys that could help you out. So if you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button and if you're new to channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you guys so much for watching this video. My name is Nick Sario and I hope you have a great day. Thank you for watching.

Talk to you later. Peace.