Three winning photo ads you need to be running with Facebook in 2024. I've pulled back the curtains and I'm showing you exactly the ads we ran in 2023 that absolutely crushed it for us in terms of photo ads. And just in case you're new to the channel and you're kind of questioning my credibility or anything like that, here's just a couple of my client results.

You know, specifically in November 1st through November 30th, 2023, this particular client did $1.1 million. This client right here did about $186,000 in revenue. And this client did about 3.4 million euros essentially.

And that's basically almost US one-to-one, almost, not completely. But yeah, long story short, we get client results. And I'll be showing you the exact photo ads that we've ran for some of these clients in terms of like our top performing winning ads for 2023.

So this is one of our clients. This is one of the ads we've ran, which is just a simple before and after photo right here. This ad absolutely crushed it for us.

And there's a lot going on right here. So number one, we have the before side, where we just simply called out the before state, which was more of the problems people were experiencing, which was like forgetful, can't focus, always procrastinating, lack of motivation. And this is more after right here, just showing the after state that people get running this type of ad right here.

You do have to be careful that running this type of ad, like you can do it for certain things like this. But if you're doing it for like weight loss or like, you know, hair or like, you know, like teeth, like certain sensitive subjects on Facebook, most specifically weight itself, you can easily get shut down here. But this is a supplement right here.

We just showed them before and after state of taking this product. And it's, it's worked really well for this particular account. Now, this is another before and after style ad.

We call that day one. So basically like the immediate benefits people experience when they take this product. And then we stretched out the long-term benefits.

So sometimes when you take products, you have a short-term benefit and a long-term benefit. And that's all we did right here. So it's not a technical like before and after it's more of like just stretching out the benefits in time, but it has the before and after feel.

So I just really want to call that right here. Day one of using your product and then day like a hundred of using your product. Even you can even do shorter time span.

So like day one and day 30, for example, and you can call up the benefits you get on day one and the benefits you get over a longer period of time. So another before and after we just simply called out the kind of like the problem, which is this large emergency ambulance bill. And then we introduced a solution or we kind of imply there's a solution that we're going to be offering them by saying member paid zero.

So it's kind of showcasing the benefit of, you know, this particular product. And then, you know, we showed the visual of an ambulance, just relevancy of the problem that we are solving. And yeah, this one crushed it for us.

Now we're going to start getting into more like product photos. And this is the more so like this could be a variety of things. So this can be like your studio shots.

This can be just your simple white backgrounds. And this can just be some other photography you do. This is probably the simplest item we've ever ran in our life, which is just a, you know, this is just a 2D product right here.

And all we did was throw it on this like Canva background and it crushed. Here's another version of a product photo that just we kind of took it a little to the next step. So we just took this product rendering photo right here of our product.

And then my visual designer used, I think mid journey is what it's called, to create this kind of character. And we just photoshopped it into his hand and it worked really well. Then we also just called out a benefit.

Or I would say, I actually could say it's a problem. People are problem where they're being lazy. And we're just saying, you know, anti a lazy elixir.

So it's introducing a new solution to a current problem they've already experienced, which is basically, you know, being lazy. Now, this is another problem aware ad. So now we're starting to get into like our problem aware ads where we're calling out a problem.

So up here, we're calling out a problem of large ambulance bills. And now I don't even say this is more kind of on the unaware route right here, because we're not even hinting at large ambulance bills yet. But we're showing a problem, which is this large bill right here.

And then we're going deeper into the solution when people click on learn more right here. So very clickbaity style ad. And, you know, just really getting people to click.

We're showing that problem. We're showing that denied. We're showing that large bill.

We're also calling out Medicare, which is a particular product people are using currently right now. And then we're just saying how they can leave you owing thousands. Is there another version of that ad?

Calling out a problem, which is never fear calling an ambulance in 2023. And then introducing a solution, protect your savings and get peace of mind today. Leveraging this product that we're pushing.

Now we're using the ambulance right here as a helicopter, because it's also there's ambulance helicopters or helicopters or ambulances. And these particular, you know, and like the location we're kind of really pushing at targeting. These are very common.

So that's why we showcase those for pure relevance there to grab people's attention. And then this is the last one. I think it's the last one.

Yes, the last one right here. This is another call out problem ad. So the easiest way to fight inflammation.

We're calling out the problem and we're saying this is the easiest way to solve that problem. So basically just introducing a new solution. They might have not tried.

And then we're showcasing kind of those solutions right there all together. And it's one drink that people get, which that's not really the product is to drink. The product is actually the mushrooms itself.

But we're just showcasing kind of like how it all goes together in one drink. This also worked really well. So we're calling out a problem that they've already tried, but we're just saying this is the easiest way.

So we're kind of going to that next stage in market sophistication right there. So really hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure to like button and hit subscribe for more videos coming soon.

I do have a top five winning Facebook ads, but the video version of this with top five winning video ads that will be coming soon. It may actually be uploaded before this. Just depends on when the team uploads it.

Yeah. So stay on the lookout for that. If you're interested in me having to run your ads or me mentoring you, click the links below.

And, you know, whether you want me to run your ads or mentor you and show you how you can become a better marketer and create some awesome visuals like this, then click links below for that. And that's it, guys. My name is Nick Terrio.

Hope you have a great rest of your day. Take care. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.