Today, we'll be going over a couple different Facebook ads I recently saved to my foreplay board just to show you guys maybe a couple examples. Maybe you need some creative inspiration. Maybe you just want to kind of see my view on a few different ads.

Well, today, we'll be going over I think about 10 of them I have picked out for this video. Before we get started, if you're new to the channel, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you're the first time knowing me, well, my name is Dictario.

I run Facebook ads. I've done over $50 million in online revenue for client accounts. And if you're interested in my Facebook ads agency or my mentorship program, both of those below, we dominantly do our Facebook ads agency.

The mentorship is just something I recently launched to help you, absolute legends, get better results with Facebook ads. Now, let's dive into the video. Okay, so here's a couple different ads.

I'm leveraging foreplay, which if you literally just go on my YouTube channel and look up like I tried foreplay for the first time, like you'll find this specific video and goes over to foreplay of what foreplay is. But basically, it's just a place to basically save ads. That's it.

Just not going to go super deep into it. And let's just start going through a few of these different ads here. Okay, trying to figure out what's the best way to show this to you guys.

Okay, so this first ad right here is by Venture Solar. And basically right here, it looks like you can have it all venture solar plus Sunnova energy get the local support and five star service offered by venture with the assurance of Sunnova's energy leading technology and nationwide presence kind of a review join 750 plus happy neighbors saving with venture solar. Cool.

So I mean, just a pretty direct ad, I would say this is kind of more of a like product aware ad because like, I've been like, first off, you didn't even sell me on solar yet, which would have been like solution. And then maybe problem before that was like high energy bills or something like that. So it's just a pretty direct product aware specific ad people who've already kind of seen venture solar or, you know, just trying to catch some low 80 fruit here.

This is venture solar. So pretty direct forward. You know, I would use this definitely like assuming someone's already seen solution aware, problem aware, kind of like style marketing, I would use this more either later in an ad, or like just, you know, in a place where people have already kind of seen our brand, what I am a really big fan of this ad, though, is how clean the reviews are put the clean of how the Texas like less is more in this specific case where you're like, it's a very well put together ad in terms of like, it's just enough information.

That's what I do like about it. All right, next one is from Nutra, Nutraful. Okay, let's see if there's a different way.

Okay, interesting. Okay, I don't know why it's not really showing up correctly. But just clicking on this ad right here for stronger hair growth throughout menopause.

It's what's inside that counts. So definitely problem aware in terms of people who are struggling with menopause and hair growth, and it's inside what counts. Okay, and basically, it's just showcasing a supplement that's like basically problem solution, I'm problem aware, here's a solution and showcasing that supplement and you know, what things are in that supplement right there.

So very straightforward, very clean ad. Let's see if I click on this, I want to see what copy hair growth results powered by 21 natural clinically effective and ingredients experienced a longer, stronger hair you deserve. Okay, cool.

Pretty straightforward ingredients for healthier, healthy hair growth. Nice. Yeah, I like it.

Very good. Very clean in terms of how it's put together. And also has 77,000 likes on this ad.

So it's definitely, you know, definitely probably had some success in that case. All right. Next one's Princess Polly right here.

And I know they're pretty large brand. And this is also more of an aware ad where it's, you've already seen everything you're already completely sold on Princess Polly. But right here, we're just simply offering a discount.

You've seen everything you're sold on us. Here's a discount. This is the smallest market you can possibly reach.

But you know, and they also do convert well. So you see some really great results. You just can't really scale it.

That's where it becomes difficult. There we go. Yeah, pretty cool.

I like that. It's showcasing the variety of clothing on the site. I like that a lot.

And then obviously, it's just a very clean way says like, here's the code. It's very good. Well written for the wear style ad because it's literally just targeting aware.

It's aware is people who are just price sensitive. That's it's the smallest possible market. They're not adding in all kinds of extra stuff.

They're not trying to also appeal to other markets. They're literally just appealing to they know who their market is. Hey, I just want to let people who are on the fence right now know that hey, we have 20% off.

Boom, that's it. They did it very good route with that. And also the creative looks really well put together.

Like, you know, they could have chose a lot of different places to film this, but they chose in a place that's going to have a very elegant look to it. And you know, we just it looks like Princess Polly is actually want to say a fairly cheap brand, I could be completely wrong. But it has a higher level of elegance to it.

And also to this wasn't a professional camera here. So it's like an iPhone could have filmed this nothing fancy about it. There's no I forgot what it's called where there's the things like bokeh or something like that.

Or like the camera blur, the lens blur. It's none of that inside of there. So it definitely was clear just like an iPhone that filmed this in front of a mirror in you know, maybe someone's apartment or something like that here.

And that's it. So very low, probably expense ads of film that looks like performed well. Next ad, we have an ad by array.

Okay, wow, there's a lot going on. Okay, so let's free the copy first. I thought that bloating digestive issues were just part of life.

And that pasta would never be and I would never be friends. But here's what finally changed. Oh, okay.

So we're digging into problem aware. Okay, I started developing digestive issues my early 20s. Okay, I'm not gonna go into further.

All right, further twisting the knife date night was always a disaster to offer pizza and I called right away so I could unbutton my pants and sit on the couch. It honestly became a hindrance. And it wasn't how I looked was how I felt after eating foods.

I was fed up and started experimenting with a natural solution to my issue. Okay, boom, boom, boom. Okay, so basically, it's just storytelling.

Here's the problem I've been experiencing. Are you experiencing that problem too? Then yes, keep reading.

Okay, here's the solution I made. A year later, our bloat capsules were affected. First time I had bloat capsules.

I just come home from a restaurant that normally mean sweatpants and pain for both in 20 minutes of having our bloat caps. My stomach felt perfect. I couldn't believe it.

Optimized digestion under an hour, all that good stuff. Our bloat capsules do three things. Okay, so solution going into the bloat capsules and solution benefits and then basically just a little bit more of like the benefits of it and then kind of going into like the features of it.

Okay, further going into the benefits. It works for everyday digestive issues. Okay, cool.

Always bloat it. Thousands of women use array. Do you?

So okay, first half of this ad, all problem aware. You have no clue what the solution is. Okay, or what the products being sold.

Always bloat it. Thousands of women use array. Do you?

Another thing. It's more problem aware. It's not talking about the solution.

We haven't introduced the solution. We haven't introduced the solution. Let's go watch the video now and see where do, where do they input that at?

Okay. So basically talking about how bloated all the time, insecure, didn't go out to eat 10 seconds in, whether we read the copy or whether we watch the video, it's not about 10 seconds in that we see the solution. Okay.

Which is this. So they did a very good job at opening up a problem aware market, showcasing the problem, articulating the problem. They did a very good job to call up those people with that problem and then diagnosing them with this specific product.

Very good job on that. I do like that a lot. Very good job.

All right. Next one is first day. And this is actually a really good ad.

Like it's a perfect example of an unaware creative, but I also don't like the copy. So amazing creative. Okay.

Copy. Okay. And I'm going to explain why.

All right. So first thing, how I discovered a secret cause to my kids outbursts. Okay.

Let's just look at that. All right. Stressed mom and need, let me open this up a little bit.

Stressed mom and need of tips and tricks to get my kids to settle down. Do you know any hacks? Ah, okay.

Purely the emotional state, which is to open an unaware market. You focus on the emotional state. What is the mindset of the specific one?

Stressed mom. Okay. That's all we're calling out here.

Okay. She doesn't know her problem yet. All right.

Then she talks about how she was a stressed mom trying to find any, and she's also visually showing case something, which is the kids outbursts and stuff like that. Then she adds a logical part of this study by UNCF, which is discovered something called hidden hunger. Okay.

So now they're starting to introduce the problem, which is this hidden hunger. Okay. This means my kids issues could be linked to nutrient deficiencies.

Okay. The problem, nutrient deficiencies, not hidden hunger. So now all of a sudden we're problem aware nutrient deficiencies.

That's the problem we're going after. Okay. So it started off with kid outbursts to hidden hunger, which lives, which actually is nutrient deficiencies.

So now I'm problem aware. Now I'm looking at nutrient deficiencies and trying to figure out, I have no clue what the solution is for that. Okay.

So now they're talking about a little bit more about the problem. There we go. Further articulating the problem and then introducing the solution.

Boom. There we go. There we go.

All right. And then testimonials and all that good stuff. Also to just look how they talk about the solution right here.

12 fruit veggies, nine essential vitamins, all that good stuff. Boom. All right, cool.

So this adds good, very good creative front. How I discovered a secret to calls, um, a secret calls to my kids outbursts, very big resentment, you know, unaware market. They're calling out moms who have kids that always have these outbursts.

Okay. The, to call an unaware market out, you still have to pinpoint something to identify them. Okay.

Now all that looks good. Let's go and look at the copy though. This is what I don't like.

I didn't think there would be anything else to be different about these vitamins, but there is a truly feel like the supplementing of vitamins and minerals he is getting through. These has been a game changer for our five-year-old son reviews, reviews, mother's nationwide discovering exactly the kids balance is unique. Blenna boom, boom, boom.

Okay. Why don't I like this? Because the video does an amazing job at going unaware to aware.

Okay. The Facebook headline does an amazing job at opening up an unaware market. The body copy though, opens up a, a product to wear market.

Okay. So what's going to happen here is, is I'm going to present information too soon to my consumer. And if I'm already see, like if I automatically see the vitamins are, I'm actually compartmentalize this with another vitamin ad and I scroll past it.

But if I maybe put something short up here, like, you know, mothers are shocked by this little known secret on how to, you know, fix their random kids outbursts or something like that. And I really put a little, just short copy up here that makes me want to watch this video. This video actually breaks down the reasons why, and they did a, such a good job in the video.

Okay. Very good job in the video. Very good headline.

Like this is all an A plus. And then this is like a C minus. Okay.

They did a very good job with that half. All right. Next one is so soft.

Dare you to take them off. Let's see if I can actually pull this up. Okay.

I don't know why. All right. This is better.

So soft. We dairy. So soft.

We dare you to take them off. Okay, cool. Just, you know, in this case right here, solution showing off pants.

They're super soft. I mean, just very simple, straightforward, but something interesting I like here is that they could have just taken these pants and just showcase them on the screen. Boom.

That's it. But they went the extra mile and actually got someone doing something that looks fairly, I say fairly athletic, you know, doesn't look athletic really what he's doing. It's like, he's just on a stretch, but he's showing the products in action.

And I see so many clothing brands do this where they're like, I don't really know how to do photography for my brand. Just show it in action. Like you're showing this product in action here without it being a video.

Boom. Okay. So soft.

We dare you to take them off. We're just really hitting on a main benefit, main desire that people have for soft pants. That's it.

Keystone. All right. Uh, experience our signature dream kit fabric in the Ponto collection, lightweight, stretchy, and buttery soft.

It's perfect for travel, lounge, and fitness. Ah, perfect for travel, lounge, and fitness. That's interesting how they said that because they didn't just say like, I don't know, maybe something very bland, like relaxing on the couch.

It's a little bit more to a higher level, a little bit more affluent buyer. Ponto collection by Vauri. Cool.

I like that. That's a very good ad. Very simple, very straightforward.

Okay. Now let's go to Noro. Okay.

And I've also haven't watched some of these. So this is also my first time seeing some of these as well. Okay.

Sciatic nerve arthritis, muscle tension, how these three uninvited companions can be stimulated over neuro whole body massager shop here. Okay. What is this?

Well, basically. So, okay. Poof.

Lock it on here. Okay. Because I'm looking at the creative and the first thing that I see in the creative, I think of like, I don't know, maybe like a bad upset stomach or something like that.

Struggling with back pain, sciatic, sciatica, and pinched nerves. Okay. First off, my question is, do people know they have a pinched nerve and sciatica?

They know they have back pain, but do they know if they have sciatica and pinched nerves? I could be saying that completely wrong. Okay.

And as much as struggling with back pain has been used, I would almost say it's something different. Like back pain has you interrupted during work again? Question mark.

Back pain keeping you from focusing while working? Question mark. Yes.

Now, let's look at the top part right here. Sciatic nerve arthritis, muscle tension. How these three uninvited companions can be stimulated for neuro.

Okay. Again, do I even have these? Is that the problem on my mind?

No. I have back pain. Okay.

Here's the solution and what it does. Here's a review. I don't know.

So far, this is like a C minus. This is a C minus. Let's see what the creative has now.

Okay. How I went from this. Okay.

Showcasing the back, like just the problem, which looks like rubbing their back to this, which is just, you know, her doing yoga. Okay, cool. So we're showing them before and after we're showing the before state and the after state.

Okay. Now I'm very curious. What are you doing?

Also to just also assuming that your identity wants to do yoga. Okay. Because maybe your identity just has back pain and can't sit down at their desks long to do work and all they want is stress-free work and you're showcasing yoga.

I don't care about that. I'm going to scroll past it. All right.

Let's go a little further into it. All right, cool. Shut off the solution.

Okay. This is interesting. Very interesting.

Okay. And there's no sound. It's just like a weird music in the background.

Okay. Easily to fix this, put a lot of captions on it. All right.

Boom. Only 20 minutes a day. Like it's like, there's so many questions.

How many times a day do I need to use this? Is it all day? How do I apply it to my body?

Is it stick on? Like how does it sit there all day? So many unanswered questions.

Yeah. I give this whole ad like a C. There's definitely a lot there we could clean up and fix and make better, but it's just, it's not being shown.

All right. Two more ads. Next one we have, this is travel ad dock and bay.

All of our quick dry lightweight towels come with a free matching travel pouch. Well, first off. Okay, cool.

I don't really care yet, but we'll see. Ultimate towel for your summer beach days. Okay.

So this is definitely a solution aware market. You need a towel. Here's our towel.

Travel towel is built to be different. Okay. Solution aware market.

We're going straight after people who are actively looking for travel towels, compact, lightweight for sunbathers, sightseers. All right. Calling out specific people and explorers alike.

Besides the towel being compact, I don't see what's the difference here. Like show it to me how easy it is. Like I'm guessing the whole USB of this is that it fits in there and that little pouch.

That's what I'm gonna guess. Show it to me. Show how easy it is to fold up and put in there.

All of our quick dry lightweight towels come with a free matching travel pouch. Show me how lighter it is than a standard towel. Like show me a comparison of thickness.

That'd be really good to look at. Easy stuff. I'd give this one a C as well.

Just little things they could have missed out. I'll see a, I don't know. I'll say a B.

I like the editing. I like the flow. I like the scenery.

Little things they could have gone through, you know, maybe like this a little bit more solution aware. This is definitely good for solution aware. The opening is very good for solution aware.

This could have been a little bit tailored, just a slightly better, but I feel like this product has no real main selling point of why I would buy this thin at all already have now. Obviously it looks like it's going to be fit inside of that, that little carry thing, but showcase that to me because I have no clue. All right.

I might buy that with the intentions and find out a dozen and I'd be pissed. All right. And last ad right here.

I N H hair. Let's go for this. Okay.

So, all right, before I judge the cop, because it's going after very aware market, which again is people who are willing to find the, you know, like just, they're just waiting for a discount. That's it. Okay.

Let's watch the creative first because that's important. Okay. First off, hold up.

Nobody ever knows. Oh, okay. It took me a second.

Obviously I'm not the right criteria for this particular ad. So, but I would do some type of test here because it goes back to the ad that is in breakthrough advertising called like which twin has the Bonnie. And it's basically saying that right here.

Nobody ever knows. Nobody ever knows that it's, it's extensions, clipping extensions. All right.

Showing off how easy it is, which obviously must be like one of the main desires for girls who are putting extensions in showing it in use, showing the benefits of it. Cool. Overall, it's not bad.

I definitely give us a good B, very good B. The only thing is I would say is clean this up a little bit better because I couldn't really tell what they meant about nobody ever knows. Okay.

And definitely like a solution or solution aware style ad. Here's the product. Boom.

Okay. Now the copy though, I give this a C because you're targeting a 20 or aware market and we're first off like, yeah, that's just really long. That's really long.

It's unclean. It's just like one big paragraph. I recommend breaking that up a little bit better because I don't feel like reading it.

So, but yeah, so that was a couple ads. I think we reviewed what almost 10 ads and I really hope this was valuable for you guys to kind of give you guys a little insight of what I kind of look at when I see ads online, whether it's ads that my students send me over clients, or even just looking at ad inspiration like this. So thank you all so much for watching the videos guys.

Uh, remember below I have, have Nick Terrier run your ads or have Nick Terrier mentor you. If you're interested in either a me running your ads or B me mentoring you and coaching you kind of more like that one-to-one basis, click that link below and make sure that like button. If you enjoyed this video, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Terrier. Peace out guys.