If you're stuck at $10,000 per month with Shopify and Facebook ads, you need to watch this video. I'll be going over exactly what we've been able to do to overcome that $10,000 a month barrier in terms of, hey, I've been stuck at this. What do I need to change my business in order to improve performance from there?

I'm also going to have a very special announcement at the end of the video as well that you surely do not want to miss. Now, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I've helped brands like this clothing brand right here go from $380,000 per month to $1.8 million per month. This wall art brand go from $130,000 a month to over $1.1 million per month.

This kid's sports ball brand, where we've helped them do about $6 million just in Q4. Now, whether you're stuck at $10,000 or $100,000 per month, the biggest lever comes down to this, not testing enough creatives. I've time to time, again, between students, clients that come on board, they're just simply not testing enough creative, right?

Like they have the ad account structure down, they're doing everything, they're following the things, these videos and stuff, but they still lack the ability to test new creatives frequently enough. You can see right here, you know, if we would have leveraged just this one creative right here, or these other creatives right here, we've been stuck at like $4 per lead, you know, we're able to get it down to about $1.62 per lead for this particular creative right here, by simply testing more with various different strategies and structures from a marketing fundamental side to improve performance. Here's another account where, you know, the lifespan of this one campaign, we've tested over 307 unique creatives.

And you can see just last month, we spent $235,000, we had a $554 cost per acquisition, this is a more higher ticket product. So just keep that in mind right there. But the problem lies down to two things.

If you're not testing enough creatives, what I tend to find is that there's two kind of root problems that's preventing people from testing more creatives inside their accounts. Number one, there is no system for creating new creatives on a weekly basis. It's one of those things where it's like, oh, I need to create some new creatives.

They watch all my videos, they get hyped up and everything like that. And they basically say, oh, shit, I need to go create some new creatives. They sit down, create a few new creatives, they toss in the ad account, and then they just wait a couple days.

It's like, oh, shit, those creatives didn't work. That's not what you need. You need a consistent system that every week produces x new creatives that doesn't rely on you.

Or you can work it at first, and then hand it off to someone. But you need a consistent system that every week you deploy into your business or you deploy in your business that every week produces new creatives. And that's a huge problem I consistently see.

And the second thing is there's no strategy for how the new creatives are created. It's just sit down, throw some random ideas to the ad account and hope something sticks. Our accounts that perform the best, they have new creatives every single week.

And not only on top of that, but they're strategically created. It's not just like, I'm sitting down, oh, cool, competitor did this, toss it in the account. Or like, oh, that seems like a cool idea.

Boom. Everything needs to be driven from a strategic approach of how you create every single creative. And that's going to give you confidence with every test you do.

And it's also going to increase the probability of finding new winning ads for your account. And if you don't have a system, what will essentially happen is you'll just have a lot of the same bad creatives done over and over and over. And all that's going to do is cause revenue to plateau.

And that's usually where I typically see that stuck at a particular number. They just keep doing the same thing that's over and over. And there's no new ideas going into the account, new approaches, new things from a marketing fundamental perspective.

So with all that being said, I want to introduce you guys. As mentioned, I do have a special announcement in this video, and that is I have officially created a Facebook ads course specifically focusing on the exact system we use in our agency to create new creatives every single week for our clients, going deep into everything, going deep into everything from a marketing fundamental perspective, how we do high levels of market research with our clients, how to actually create the ads when it comes down to scripting and writing them, how to film the content, how to build a creative team out to where you specifically can just build this internal team and system that you can replicate in your business, all the way down to the ad account setup, ad account management, and also do toss in some weekly calls here and there. These are recorded calls from my private mentor students, but you do get access to them inside of the course.

Now, again, you don't get access to the weekly calls. You can't jump on the weekly calls unless you're my inner circle, which is my monthly mentoring. This is a course right here.

That's just a one-time flat fee. Now, this will give you everything you need to learn the exact marketing fundamentals to predictably create winning ads that we use for our clients, for our students, for all that good stuff. And it's the exact system to keep a consistent flow of new creatives coming in weekly, all built off strategy, which is the most important part of it.

And on top of all that, you get the ad account structure we use to test six to 12 new creatives a week that allows us to scale revenue for the business. And you can get all of this right now. I'll drop a link below.

I'm really excited to be able to announce this course next to your ads. I've built this up over the last year and a half with my students, my private mentoring students. And now I'm officially making it to where the inner circle, my monthly mentoring program, I was getting a lot of people joining it just for one month, just to get access to the course.

So now I'm just making the course, its own step or loan product to where you either get access to the course or you get in the inner circle, and then you get access to the monthly mentoring. That's two choices up for you. Course is obviously cheaper than the monthly mentoring.

This is great for those people that are more stuck at that 10k a month, mark 30k a month mark, and they want to learn the system strategies and stuff we use in our business. Whereas the inner circle is more from a higher tier people, people that are above 30k a month that can spend, you know, a couple thousand dollars a month into mentoring to where I can handhold them to, you know, show them exactly what they need to do for their account. So that's the differences between the two.

But yeah, y'all get access below. Click the link and hope you guys enjoy it. Peace.