Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

And today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we're gonna be talking about a mushroom supplement brand and how we've helped them generate over $81,000 last month. So very excited for this.

When we first started working with this brand about six months ago, they were around about $17,000 per month. And now they just recently did a 1,000. So it's really impressive.

I'm excited to kind of dive into this account for you guys and show you guys a few things. So that being said, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And yeah, guys, let's dive into it.

So mushroom supplement brand does $81,000. Again, here is the Shopify really great month. Uh, where I think we're hovering around probably like $2,000, roughly a day, a little bit over $2,000 per day and revenue.

And yeah, they crushed it last month. We, we did the Easter sale as well, which was a really, really nice cash grab for their business. And yeah, they crushed it.

So a few things I want to show you guys, cause this is not your typical account. And as you can see right here, immediately jumping into this, you're going to notice that, um, ROAS is a lot lower. And this particular account there, there is a lot of different, um, as you could say challenges we face for this account.

So, um, it's going to be just showing you kind of a raw transparency. So we spent $35,000 on Facebook ads. That's all they're spending on.

So they did, you know, just over like a two extra ROAS. That break even is ridiculously low. Like just over like, like probably like a 1.1, 1.2, or like 1.3, um, break even ROAS is pretty damn low.

But what's special about this particular account is that supplements. Your focus is the, is the LTV. That's the big thing.

Like if you can break even on your first purchase, you're golden. So think about it from the perspective of like Starbucks. Okay.

Starbucks, they can spend a fuck load of money because their LTV is so high. Okay. Because you keep going back after the first time you have it, you're like, holy shit.

So good. And you keep going back over and over and over and over and over and over. So this particular brand is the same way.

And that's how we approach any supplement brand. We're trying to approach, we're trying to get a break even ROAS 2X at highest. And then we're spending as much as possible to get as many new customers on board.

Because they keep buying more and more and more and their LTV is really good. So just diving into it. Yeah.

That's just to put a note right there. So realistically, ROAS is a little bit lower on the front end, but their LTV is really good. And they're still profitable overall as in business.

So this account, we keep the same way. It's probably one of the last few accounts too, as well. We have retargeting on, except I think it's in another video.

I've literally like two or three accounts right now. We still have retargeting on and it really just does not serve a purpose anymore because we do have some ads on our retargeting camp and our main campaign. That's doing like a two exit scale and our retargeting is only like a 1.59.

We can't improve your targeting, but it's just like at this point, why not? Second thing too, is our frequency is really high because we're spending a lot in two small countries. We're only targeting New Zealand and only target Australia.

So I think we have total of like 30 million people can target. So it's not that many people we can target. So that's one unique thing.

And that's why like, we're also like expanding into new countries as well for this particular account to help out with performance. So just taking you into our main kind of, um, scaling campaign. And I recently just, you can see it right here.

This BCV one, um, actually just a day and a half ago, I literally duplicated it. Our main campaign, um, and completely like just stripped everything to start top performing ads just to test something because performance are dipping for a few days. So, you know, one of our rule book is if a performance dips for a few days and we've tested new ads, connecting new ads to convert.

And then sometimes we'll do is if this campaign has been on for a really long time, we'll duplicate the whole campaign and just cut out the fat and then relaunch it. And that's helped out in some cases. Creatives is the number one thing that drives performance.

So that's why like, it's not like our main go-to, it's just something that we do every so often, every few months, if a campaign has been running for a really long time. So just to note that now, um, you can see right here at one point, we did Brian like other stuff, interest look likes and stuff like that, but we're running fully broad on here, simply just testing creatives, filling in the ad set of all of our best performing ads. And then we're turning off the stuff as it stops performing down the line.

And you can also see here is our creative testing campaign. You can see multiple different, um, creative tests we've run. And then again, this is for like last month.

So obviously you can see the one that has like the higher spin. Um, if an, if an, at the creative testing level, if performance is good, like, like at creative testing, if performance is doing good and we move it to our scaling campaign, we just leave it on. We don't turn it off.

A lot of people think you gotta turn it off in our creative testing. Cause you're running another campaign. No, just run it.

You're spending $50 a day, relative to 500 to a few thousand per day. So it's not that big of a deal. It's not going to hurt performance.

Some people are like, oh, about auction overlap, auction overlap happens. It's really struggles when you're spending like $10,000 a day and 5,000 on one that's at 5,000 other ads that they're both targeting the same audience. That's when you start to really see some struggle or if you're spending more than a few hundred bucks a day.

So that's when you start having issues. Now, one of our action items this month was we did get the clients on triple well, because they did have a very high. There's been days where Facebook guys is the only thing that's acquiring customers for them.

And there's been days where like, we'll see a five X, six X for us, you know, they'll do like a few thousand that day. And it'll show on Facebook. We did like, we spent a thousand dollars that day and it had like a three X, like a 0.3 row as, and all of it shows new customers.

So there has been some huge attribution losses in this account as well. So we did get them on triple well to be able to identify winning ads more efficiently. And also to have more transparency on what's driving the sales, those big days where they have like lots of sales coming at once all new customers and like Facebook ads are showing nothing.

So that's one thing we did to improve performance. Other things, other action items we do, uh, just like all of our other accounts, spend some time audience research, scripting ads for them to film copy, testing, editing of new videos. So we, we do majority of all their creatives and then their team will actually go ahead and like shoot a few of them, which lately for us, we're just kind of going more like the tick tock route and that's just right there of them going out there and filming ads.

So based off like popular trends and stuff like that. So copy testing. So obviously when we keep copy fresh and everything, um, and then editing new videos, obviously just like testing and editing new ads and everything like that.

So, but yeah, so it's been a really fun brand to work with. Um, obviously we're, we, like I said, we took it from only a few thousand dollars a month upwards to about 81,000 this, this month is May 2nd, the day I'm filming this video. And we're going to shoot for that, you know, a hundred K for the month.

Um, they've been consistently doing, you know, better every month, which has been really good. Ross has been fluctuating some months. They do like a 2.5 X some, some months they do near four X.

Um, and there's definitely different things, variables that go in play. One of the biggest ones is the creative side as getting a lot of creative back. Uh, UGC works really well.

So for this one, so as we get more like UGC and things like that, it does help out with performance and there's some high converting creatives in that sense right there. So yeah. So it's been a really fun brand to work with.

Obviously we're still working with them too. So I'm not like saying it in the sense of like, Hey, they're leaving us. Um, but I think the biggest key takeaways from this account is that when you're working with a supplement brand is that you really need to focus on LTV and AOV side.

Um, and don't put too much, like you want to put pressure and stress on getting as low as possible acquisition upfront for a CPA perspective. But you also want to be really putting a lot of pressure on the AOV and LTV side. And that's basically just how can they spend more?

And then how can they also to, um, stay within your, uh, your ecosystem for a longer term. So for us, what's like the secret for this particular brand is that we have like a, you know, subscription they can opt into just kind of like Amazon subscribe and save basically the same thing. Uh, and that's what's, we have a high take rate on that, which is helping the business.

Like we turn off all ads and you still do, you know, probably thousand dollars a day in revenue and most, uh, just from subscription revenue. So really profitable. So supplements are freaking awesome too.

Uh, if you've ever looked in the margins on the supplement side, um, if I would ever start a business, I definitely go supplement route. So let's just say that. But yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching.

If you're making at least 50 KM off with your business, uh, click the link below, uh, book coffee, my team will do strategy session together and you'll take that strategy and you can run it, apply it yourself, or you have the option to work with me if you choose. Now make it less than 50 KM off hit that subscribe button because I drop new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, and these videos at the end of the day are designed to make you more money with your business. A lot of really great success stories I've been seeing in the comments lately.

And just makes me extremely happy for you guys. Also to, uh, hit that like button and come below your, what key takeaway you took from this video that you're gonna apply to your business. Let me know the results and performance and stuff like that.

You see. So, um, I appreciate that. Now I do have a course in the horizon.

Like I said, it's, it's in the horizon because it's, you know, it's, it's, it's my clients come first and my YouTube comes first. And then the course is like second above all under all that. So I do get some time to work on it here and there.

And the main thing that I'm spending time on this course is showing you guys how to be a great marketer to where you can last the next 20, 50 years down the line, regardless of what platform is thrown at us. Um, so more from the psychological of how to be a great marketer is what we're working the course to be engineered around. So appreciate you guys for watching and saying this long.

My name again, my name is Nick Theriot. Thanks for watching. Peace out.