I'm finally facing it all Fearless Music Music Music Music Music Yo good morning YouTube what's going on Finally using My new mirror but It's early in the morning right now It's currently 6.56 A.m. in the morning and We're about to head out And go fishing With Jake So I thought I'd bring you guys Long. Obviously we need Some caffeine so The ultra fiesta Monster which I just picked up yesterday Really freaking good Neighbors are going to hate me a lot this morning But here's a cold start for y'all Turning you on Getting you ready to go You have to be careful They have some big mushrooms in there Alright we officially Met up with Jake Welcome Jake back up to the vlog It's been a little minute since the gym's closed But we're stopping at Walmart right now Trying to pick up a few things To get this little fishing trip started So Fish in the glasses Four shapes Are we eating this fish after?

Or are you just catching a release today? We can catch a release That's what I was going to do We're not We're not We're not We're not We're not We're not We're not We're not I don't feel like changing the baits or anything Nope Yo quick little update We got our worms Let's do this There we got it Got some worms We got our little fishing spot Just getting our stuff ready I'll go start Hey boy Oh you good boy Currently back home Back at the apartment Right now what I'm going to do is I'm going to put The video for yesterday Rendering right now And uploading And then while it's rendering I'm going to go ahead Since my computer is basically useless During that period of time I'm going to go ahead and do my meditation So that way we can kind of recharge Refresh the brain Because I am really tired right now And then I'm going to come in You know do my journal Do some work Do some work Get some work block done And then we got some things going on tonight Just some friends and stuff Kind of do like a little You know get together Couple night Get together And you know relax And cook So that's kind of what's going on today And I'll see you guys soon We got a lot of stuff going on today With a girlfriend's family So I hope to check out the fit for today I hope to match ourikiочки Gall tuned Oh that's good I'll see you guys It's a vlog How about like a house How the evening is in the morning So until Friday King James He'll have a new culture What the view kinds of things and stuff like that. Check out the fit for today.

Yeah, got a lot of stuff going on today with girlfriend's family. Also, hoping today the new couch comes in. This is something I've been waiting on a lot.

But right now we are about to head out and go get some iced coffee before jumping into this morning's work log. We're gonna bring this too. Phone, wallet, keys, we are good to go.

Give you guys a pull start from up here. Definitely sketchy. I'm not serious.

I'm just kidding. In the bag man. I'm gonna kinda regret this coffee just because I get iced coffee.

Obviously I don't get like the diet one. And yeah this morning, I looked in the mirrors like damn. I feel flat.

I feel watery. A little flabby. I feel like I need a gym again.

See it was easier at the house because we got a lot of like, like there's just small little things to do like gym and stuff. But over here literally all I can do is run. I tried a few band workouts and just, I don't know, I can't get a pump with a band for some reason.

It's just, I don't know. I think it's just more, it's a mental thing because I know you can. But today's the 8th and on the 15th they're talking about opening up the apartment gym.

So the gym that's over here at the apartment, it's pretty nice. And it's definitely not like a huge world class gym or you know one of your big powerlifting bodybuilding gyms. But still it's, it's a bunch of machines in there just like a plan of fitness.

And I can get a way better workout over there. So I normally don't get coffee every morning but just because today I kinda wanted it. And it's expensive so that's why I don't like get it often, you know maybe once or twice a week.

My girlfriend might pick it up for me a few times a week as well. But we're at Jet Coffee today which is probably one of the best places in Lafayette where I'm from. It's a small little coffee shop, it's not like a, you know, franchise type thing.

Pretty freaking good. Got our coffee, got something really strong just to try it. Just for shits and giggles and it tastes freaking good.

Just wanna point something out to you guys real quick. I don't know if y'all can see it but right there, you can't freaking see it. But anyway, I'm gonna tell you guys the story real quick.

Alright so what I was trying to talk to you guys about was this morning literally sleeping, cruising. You know, 9 o'clock, 9.30, all I hear is hearing some loud banging noise. I mean extremely freaking loud.

No clue what it is. It's a freaking trash truck emptying the dumpsters and damn. Scared the shit out of me early in the morning.

But anyway, now back at the apartment about to jump into a four hour work block. Lot to catch up on. So let's dive into it.

Also, I completely forgot to film Phoenix last night. He did eat. I mean he gobbled down too much real quick.

Very happy snake today. Okay, so right now I'm currently working on what I spend in a week. I've already, like I've been filming the video all week and I still have two more days to film.

But I'm working on like the excel sheet just to kind of start tracking some of the data from this week. And let's just say, ya boi ain't spending no more money next week. Holy shit.

So yes, with the whole new apartment and everything I need to be like A game on my budget. And right now, not on budget at all. So, a lot of expenses I need to cut down and change my consuming behavior or consumer behavior.

But otherwise, yeah, I mean it's a work in progress. Currently right now I am just chilling in my, you know, really nice couch. Good news is, I think I've said it already.

Um, couch should be here today at my parents house. So, we should be like maybe setting it up tomorrow. Hopefully.

But all I know is probably Monday we'll have a couch in here. For sure. And I just cannot wait.

But currently right now I am reading breakthrough advertising. And uh, trying to get through it so I can start some of my new books. There's a lot of new stuff that I can't wait to dive into.

So it's currently Sunday right now. It's been a few days. I guess it's not picked up the camera.

But, quick little update. Buddy came, spent the night. Hey buddy.

How are you dude? Buddy came to spend the night. He did pretty good.

He slept in my bed with me. He was asleep. And uh, no big issue at all.

The only problem he has is he's still scared of walking on this floor. So, um, he's kinda good right now. But I just wouldn't take him for a walk when I brought him back into the door.

He literally just stood right there. And would not want to walk on this floor. But, he's getting there.

Put him in some food but he didn't eat. He gets just kinda nervous and stuff. Which is okay.

Uh, but we're about to bring him back over to my parents' house. He's just staying there for one night. He just wants to sleep for one little night.

So, yeah. Big, a big shout out to all the mothers out there. Happy Mother's Day.

It's currently Sunday. So, everyone, probably doing Mother's Day things. I know I'm about to cook me up a little food.

And then, Kenny's gonna get here and we're gonna go visit my parents. Spend the day with them and then go spend the night with her parents. So, that's kind of like the plan of action right now.

And, uh, yeah. So, I'm not really gonna film anymore today. I kinda wanna start off with a fresh week tomorrow.

So, thank y'all so much for watching this vlog. I know it was a few days just kinda stacked up together. I appreciate you guys for all the support and everything.

Make sure you drop a like below if you enjoyed this video. And, if you're new to the channel, make sure you hit the subscribe button. I post a few vlogs a week.

Some business videos. Some Facebook ads videos. And, yeah.

See you guys soon. Peace. So, me and buddy are here at Jet Coffee.

About to get a puppuccino, possibly. He is freaking out right now. Uh, with the anticipation and the anxiety right now.

Come over here, look. Get your puppuccino. Oh, it's yummy.

Oh, you. Yeah. I don't have a new bone in here for you, buddy.

Yeah. Buddy's getting his first puppuccino. Okay, let's get the bone in here, look.

Come on. Hey, he didn't eat breakfast this morning, so. He didn't feed him.

He's getting his first puppuccino. Oh, wait. Let's get the bone in here, look.

Come on. Come on. Come on.

Come on. Come on. Come on.

Come on. Come on. Come on.

Come on. Come on. Come on.

Come on. Come on. You didn't feed him this morning?

I put the food in the bowl. He didn't eat it. I tried hand feeding him.

He didn't eat it. Thank you.