Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today, I have an exciting new video for you guys. We kind of short, but I get this question a lot and it's kind of goes around, you know, like worldwide targeting versus single country targeting and stuff like that. And I've answered a few times in comments, but I just really want to kind of go through my kind of prospects and views based around this particular area.

So with that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button and drop a comment below if you're currently expanding to a few different countries and stuff like that. And I'm curious if how many of you guys are out there actually going out further than just one country, maybe in multiple different countries. So that being said, let's dive into the video.

So we're currently working with a few brands that are in different countries, not just single countries. And, you know, one of our bigger spenders are doing about 300,000, 400,000 euros per month in revenue with their business. And we've came into their account.

We've improved the ROAS by, I think like 10, 15, 20%. They were already crushing it. Let me get, leave that out full transparency.

They're already crushing it, but they just needed a more efficient system. And also too, they needed us to essentially come in and basically, you know, one, just take over to us. They're super busy and they can't run ads themselves.

But long story starts, they're crushing it. We can improve the ROAS to a certain level degree. And then, but a big thing is, is we're actually in that account like 50 to 60% less than before.

And that account before was just a mess. It was all over the place. And what we did was, is we basically consolidated that account.

Again, this is an account that is pretty much worldwide. They're in like 10 different countries, you know, like Germany, Russia, you know, UK, Ireland, United States, Canada, like all these, like a lot of big countries, essentially Australia. So New Zealand, things like that.

And they had basically a campaign, two campaigns for every country, a main campaign, which is like their, their prospecting or cold audiences. And then they had a retargeting for everyone. So, so we basically consolidated that account.

We basically took all of these campaigns. They had like, I think 20 of them running at a time. And we put it into two campaigns.

We, and literally two assets. Yeah. Crazy.

I know. And keep in mind, we're spending like $5,000 a day in terms of, you know, spin level and actually less. We're spending like 20, 200, 2300 a day.

But we did get up all the way up to about $5,000 a day to spend for that particular account. And we basically put it into two campaigns and two assets, essentially campaign one, which is your prospecting, a CBO campaign and a few thousand on a day budget. And then we had one ad set, which had all of the countries stacked.

And then we had one ad or a few, few ads essentially in the, for the ad perspective right there. And what we did was we consolidated everything down to English, the language. And, and there's, that was another thing too.

Some of them had like different variety. And then we also utilize the Facebook, like trans, not trans, translation features. So, and then we are retargeting campaign, same thing, just had a retargeting creatives inside of it.

So, so basically you have two campaigns, two ad sets, and we did have more ads that's running in our prospecting campaigns, just we locked down to that one winner. And then we'd test a new one every week, but that one winner has just been crushing it to the point where it's like, just doesn't make sense. Like, like we haven't been able to find a new one.

That's totally okay. That's why we do testing. So, and we crushed it, everything like that.

So, but we did start splitting things up and I want to bring you guys through that on the process of, of, of actually, you know, what works best for you. And the first question we always get is, do you even need to expand into another country? So I get people that's acting all the time.

Where, what countries are testing? I'm like, where are you based off? Where's your logistics?

Where's your shipping coming from? All that stuff. Granted, we don't work with dropshippers.

Like we need your operations in house, like to work with you. That's just, that's it. We have better relationship with those types of people working for, with our agency.

So if you're a dropshipper, look, start off in the United States. It just, it makes so much contextual sense to start off with that. So with that being said, where's your logistics coming from?

Like, that's a big thing because people want to expand to other countries too quickly and realize how profitability is different in every country. We were shipping to Australia for this one particular brand and Australia, we needed like a two and a half, three X row asks to break even, where a typical break even is like 1.5. And the reason why the difference is, is because of how extreme the shipping rates were.

And we typically do free shipping for a lot of our orders. So you need to look at it from that logistical standpoint right there. Shipping costs, shipping costs, number of reason why.

Second is taxes, taxes rates different by country. And that can also affect you at some level as well. I'm not a tax expert right there.

That's one area that I'm very, you know, lacked in and lacking very much in that area. So just be worried too about specific tax rates for certain countries as well. It's something else you need to look at before you expand to a new country.

So you gotta look at your shipping and you gotta look into your taxes. Now, the third thing is, are you going to need to create, so like a European creative might be slightly different than a USA creative. And that's because you get to look at it from the perspective of the buyer.

A 25 year old male in the USA may look different than a 25 year old male in the Euro area. And, you know, different culture values, different belief system, different style as well. So you gotta look at that perspective as well.

So when we consolidated everything into two campaigns, we were able to do it because we weren't branching our creative and we weren't branching our language. And that's the two biggest things when you start to expand to other countries, language and creative, basically how you portray it. So you can, like you can test your winning creative for USA and other countries, but just again, like don't expect it to crush it the same way in the USA.

Potential, potentially don't expect it to crush the same way because again, the different views, different cultures, different ethnicities, different, you know, backgrounds, things like that. There's a lot of different things that go on when you expand to a new country. So you may need new creative to kind of focus on that area.

So what we did was is we were actually starting to really focus more on language specific because we find that language specific also does help with an increase in return on ad spend. And Hey, like I agree with that too. You know, because basically, you know, as you start to, you know, creative may resonate with people, but the, the language definitely is a big key right there.

So just change up the copy different language. Now that does pose a threat or pose an issue because essentially what happens is now is that you, you know, you can't just do a worldwide, you have to go more country specific. So you can, you can take all of, all of your Spanish speaking areas, all your Dutch speaking areas, all your German speaking areas, all your Russian speaking areas, all your English speaking areas.

And you can do, um, what we're doing currently right now is we're putting those ad sets inside of our main scaling campaign, which is just a CBO. And then, um, we're also going to, we're also testing campaign specific for those specific languages. So here's, here's the, um, the campaign of all of our Dutch speaking, um, ads and all of our Dutch speaking specific countries that we're going after.

And then here's also our, our campaign for Spanish here, um, of our Spanish speaking ads and our, uh, Spanish speaking countries. So that's another way to do it right there. Uh, this creates some more campaigns and stuff, but it's a way to be a little bit just more from organizational perspective, um, easier for you to, um, you know, look at.

So again, and that's also assuming to you, you want to expand these countries is after you've already validated, you want to expand cities, confirmed, you want to expand cities, and then you, you want to go to these other countries. And then you choose, you can do a campaign specific, um, that also allows you to force spin. So when you, uh, when you just toss a new country into CBO, um, it's probably still going to go off to the country that's been converting rather than the country that is new.

So just another perspective right there to look at. So, um, that's why also campaign specific works a little bit better. So long story short, you got to go down through just this process in terms of, okay, do I need to expand to another country?

Also to look, let me tell you this. If you're in the USA and you're not even doing 50 K a month, you do not need to expand to another country. If you're in the USA and you're doing 500 K a month, you do not need to expand in another country.

There's a lot of business owners that want to expand to another countries just for a bragging and more of an egotistical perspective. And it's very true. Oh yeah.

I'm worldwide. Yeah. And then your profit margins are actually 20 to 30% less than they could be because you're paying for all these extra shipping rates.

It's better to expand and scale really hard in your current country. And a lot of times like go watch my video on, you know, scaling past barriers or scaling past like these invisible ceilings and stuff like that. There's other things that can be done is people think they, Oh, Hey, I can't go past, you know, $3,000 a day in revenue.

I'm stuck at this. I need to expand to another country. No, you just got to go more.

It's a creative diversification. And that's all that's going to fix your brand essentially. So it's not necessarily the fact that, uh, you're, um, you know, you're, you're, you met your quota in that particular country.

It's just the fact that you have other issues in your, your creative strategy. That's once you fix, it's going to allow you to one half higher profits to scale past that. Um, and three, you don't have to deal with the logistical headache of going to these other countries, but let's say you're capped at that country.

You're captain, you know, one country, you know, you don't a few hundred thousand dollars a month. You're very profitable. And now you're want to look, you want to expand these other countries just from the perspective of not more of an ego standpoint of, Hey, we're worldwide, but just due to, Hey, we have a very high demand of people in Australia that love our product that would love to purchase from us.

And we have it proven and everything like that. And then we expand to Australia. Well, what we do is we'll set up a separate campaign.

We'll use some of those proven audiences already from our other campaign. And then we'll, we'll start create our, we'll test our current creative turnout in this specific area, but we'll also to get some Australian content creators, start to create some content with our product. Because again, the culture and the beliefs and the views of people might be slightly different.

Um, and they might approach a, uh, American creative slightly different than an Australian creative. If they pinpoint the, uh, the creator. So, so yeah, so then you can start scaling that up and then, you know, we might have two or three campaigns.

And then if you don't notice any difference at all between the creative, then you can just kind of put those countries together in the same ad set. Again, we have, we have another client that same, same creative works on all countries. We've tried other country specific creatives, doesn't matter.

So that way, and in English is the primary, they don't have their website translated at all. So there's just no way for us to even run a language specific creative. So what we do is we just do English and then we have the winning creatives and we just have, you know, our ad sets with audience testing with, um, all the countries that work for that specific area.

And again, just one CBO scaling. So it just depends. It really just kind of determines on, um, when you start going to these separate campaigns is if we do do another campaign for a country, then the language or the creative needs to be different.

If not, then just test that new country in your main scaling campaign, put a minimum budget behind it to get a little spin to it and you're good to go. So, um, and again, I have plenty of videos on my channel that kind of talks about, you know, how I structure my ad account and stuff like that. So yeah, really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

I know this is not like a common problem. I probably won't expect this video to do too well just because I know it's not a common problem for everyone. It's a very, uh, niche problem.

Um, but just kind of take you guys through my thought process and my thoughts around expanding to other countries and stuff and setting up the ad account and things like that. Um, didn't really show a visual cause I know people who are experiencing this problem are very high levels. So I know that they could easily kind of articulate what I said and do that in that account.

So yeah, little job, job this video guys, um, make sure you drop a like and a comment below, uh, comment what other countries you're expanded into. Um, how was that process for you? Give me a little insight into your issues with that, how that worked and went for you.

And, uh, yeah, thank you guys so much for watching this video. Uh, if you're making over 50 KM off at your econ business, quickly below this book call for me and my team, uh, help multiple business scale to six to seven figures a month. Love to help you do the same with your business.

We'll do a strategy call, uh, put strategies together for your business. You can take it around with it or you have the option to work with us. If you choose to make it less than 50 KM off, sit that subscribe button.

Stay watching my videos. Cause I am very transparent with a lot of stuff. Um, and like to, uh, really kind of educate you guys as much as possible.

So thank you guys for watching. My name is Nick Terrio and I am out. Peace.