So I got this particular Facebook video formula that look, I mean, I would say it's like a pretty strong hit rate. Anytime we use it, it works very well for help us finding new winning Facebook ad videos. Like as long as we follow this particular formula of how we script our ad, how we film it and everything like that, it's helped us a lot.

I've seen ads spend literally over a hundred thousand dollars using this particular formula. And it's a formula that, you know, you probably won't have like immediate success with it, but like if you gave it a few different tries and a few different like angles with it, I could see it working really well. We've seen work multiple times for our clients.

And I just want to show you guys this particular formula right here. Now, a formula is pretty much just like a, Hey, in a Facebook ad video that we film and shoot, what's the script that we have to follow the flow of which the video we have to follow. So this is the formula itself.

And, you know, just kind of like seeing like a little high level view of it right here. This is it, you know, it starts off with your hook, ends with your call to actions, a lot of different things in the middle that we answer to help out with, you know, people just understanding like, Hey, like what's going on here. So let's look at this real quick.

So the hook, like everyone should know what the hook is now, how to, I just did a couple of videos and just film for like case studies or creatives or anything like that. One of them was the perfect girls night activity, for example, or for the girls who want a fun girls night soon. That's my hook right there.

So then I'm just showing them how, how can they have a fun girls night soon? All right. That's the hook for the girls who want a fun girl night soon.

The how I'm just simply showing my product, you know, for the girls who want a fun girls night soon, use this product for like the time of your life. And I'm showcasing them using the product itself. And so I'm interested in the product pretty quickly.

So this is gonna be more of like that, like solution aware stage right here, but it's going to go straight to like that. How hook them in what they want. We're calling our ideal customer.

We're implying the benefit. We're driving more curiosity. So we're calling out the desire.

And then we're going into our product and how it helps them get that fun night girls night. So how does our product give them that fun girls night is an activity they can do with all their friends that they'll absolutely love. Boom.

Doesn't have to be long. We don't need a how that's 30 seconds. It could literally be two lines, introduce the product and how that product helps them have a fun girls night.

Then the next thing is proof. So proof, what I like to do for proof is there's a lot of different ways when and where they'll get this desire satisfied of like a fun girls night. You know, this particular case, I might want to show a lot of different girls, very different sceneries and stuff like that.

Just having the time of their life with this particular product. That's just going to increase the FOMO, a fear of missing out of having a fun girls night and all these other girls having a fun girls night. So we just want to showcase a lot of proof of other girls having a fun girls night.

That's all we're doing right there. So for the girls who want a fun girls night soon, I recently did this my last girl night girls night. I had so much fun.

It's this product right here. And all you have to do is this. All of these girls absolutely love it.

Blah, blah, blah, blah. Now objections, objections. This is where you're looking at the marketplace of what people have an objection to, to this product, this product right here.

Maybe it looks like it takes too long to do. So, Hey, you know, for the girls, I want a girls night soon, or for the girls who want a fun girls night soon, the how I recently did this my last girls night, this product, all you have to do is X, Y, Z. So many girls have fun with this.

Like absolutely everyone loves it. Objection. I thought it was going to take the whole night to do, but actually it doesn't.

It's just the right amount of time to have a fun girls night while not taking too long. All right. See, called out an objection.

I thought it would take too long to do. And then I'm just addressing that objection. So I'm looking for objections through market research that people may have to this particular product.

And I'm addressing them in the creative. A lot of people like they look at objections. They want to shy away from it.

You know, if you ever talked like a sales rep and stuff like that, or been a sales call or seeing ads, you call out an objection to a product. And they're like, yeah, we'll get back to that later. And they just never do.

I actually want to look for the objections. I want to call out the objections. I want to handle them before it even becomes an objection.

That's how you know you're working with an A player right there. Then the next thing is a reminder, right? I like to remind them two things.

One, if they don't use this product, their life is just going to be boring because I'm calling out, here's going to be a fun girls night activity. So if you don't use this, you're going to be just still stuck to boring products and stuff like that. So here's, let's go through this again for the girls who want a fun girls night soon.

The how I recently did this on my last girls night. All you have to do is X, Y, Z dozens of girls. We've done this with dozens of different girls.

They absolutely, everyone loves it. I thought it was going to take all night, but it actually only took an hour. It was the perfect amount of time to have a good time and sip on some wine.

I'm so glad I found this product. Cause if not, I would still continue to have boring girls nights and people would just not want to come over my house. But because I found this now, everyone wants to come over and have so much fun with me.

I'm just reminding them they don't use this product. They're just going to have boring girls night unless they use this and kind of reapply that benefit right there. Now guarantee guarantee.

All I'm doing is adding a guarantee. If you don't have fun on your next girls night with this, get your money back. All I'm doing.

So go back over for the girls who want to fun girls night soon. I recently did this on my last girls night. I had so much fun with it.

All you have to do is X, Y, Z dozens of girls have done this with me. They absolutely loved it. Showcasing a lot of visuals of different girls having fun, et cetera.

I thought it was going to take all night to do, but it was actually the perfect amount of time. It only took an hour, which was perfect while I sipped a glass of wine. I'm so glad I found this product.

Cause if not, I continue to have boring girls nights and like people would just stop when I come to my house. But because I found this, I'm having so much more fun right now. This particular brand has a guarantee.

If you do this on your girls night and you don't have fun, you get your full money back. So they have a 30 day money back fun guarantee. Now call to action.

If you're ready for your next girls night to be the time of life and just be like the most fun thing you've ever experienced right there, then click link below to get yours today. So finally, let's go through this one more time for the girls. I want a fun girls night soon.

I recently did this on my last girls night. It was so much fun. All you have to do is X, Y, Z dozens of other girls I've done this with had so much fun.

They keep talking about it in days and days and days. I thought it was going to take all night to do, but actually only took an hour, which was perfect while I sipped a glass of wine and talked with my friends about girl talk. I'm so glad I found this because if not, I would continue to have boring girls nights.

But luckily I found this product and now like every night is so much fun with my girlies right now. They have a 30 day fun guarantee. So if you don't have fun with it, you get your money back fully after 30 days.

If you want to ready to level up your girls night, which are girlies, and you want to just be of like the talk of the town between all your friends, then click link below to secure yours today. Boom. I literally just made all that up off the top of my head with you guys, but I literally just showed you step by step of how to do this.

There shouldn't be any objections. Well, Nick, you didn't show us how to do it. It's like literally just wrote a script for you guys.

You know, I voiced it to you guys, but I want to, I want to show you a couple of key things here. So we hit a lot of key things in from a sales perspective of the key modules that you need to understand, right? So the key things that you have to go through to like have that sales process in our head, be like, I see.

So that's all we're doing there. And we did that. We addressed the hook.

We showed the how we showed a lot of proof. We answered objections, reminded them how bad their life will be. If they don't use this product, we offered a guarantee.

We gave them a call to action. We hit on all the key components of an ad right there. And I literally just told you guys in front of y'all us building that ad right there.

And I also want you to keep in mind that I did a lot of I, I had so much fun. I recently did this my last girls night. Keep things simple.

Just pretend you're a girl in this particular case, because I'm talking about a girl's product, but just pretend you're that customer and pretend you use that product and experience all these amazing benefits. And I'm just telling a story. I went through this for the girls who want to fund girls night soon.

I recently did this my last girls night. You can see, I'm just talking about a story about this girl did on her last girls night. It's all a made up story, but I'm talking about a story.

I'm making a story. People love stories, write more stories than your ad creatives. And this is going to be a video right here, right?

This is not going to be ad copy. This is going to be a video creative. I'm going to go film because the video creative is responsible for 80 to 90% of your results when it comes down to Facebook ads and is either a video or a photo, but that creative itself is responsible for about 80 to 90% of your results with Facebook ads.

So let me know if y'all use this formula. Again, it's worked for us tremendously. We have a lot of ads that's been over six figures because of this particular formula right here.

So hopefully this helps y'all out. Also, hopefully it gives you a little bit more of a structure to your creative. So where you're not like just all over the place.

That's all you have to do. Just follow this structure exactly how I did it with you guys as examples on this particular video. So thank you all so much for watching.

Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, click the link below, have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. I help brands go from six figures to seven figures per month and revenue.

We've helped four brands now. Love to help you be the next one. That being said, my name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.