Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

I'm actually going to show you how to structure your ad account and a few key rules to follow with your ad account management because there's a lot of just different ways out there and we've simplified the hell out of our strategy and it's been helping us a lot with just performance and really understanding how everything works. So I really want to show you this video exactly how we run our ads in the ad account and everything like that and also challenge a few ways you currently think about ad account management and stuff. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into it guys. So first off, let's just dive into the brand first. So this is a brand right here.

I've been very transparent with on this YouTube channel for a while now and I just want to kind of dive into a few key things right here. So over the last seven days, we spent up $9,300. So nothing crazy.

Like this is baby stuff right here, compared to some of the other brands spend. So $9,300 spent, we did about $22,000 in revenue. So we're doing a little over like a 2.2, 2.3 extra return on ad spend.

Our break evens like 1.48, 1.5. So you put that in account, there's a little bit of profits right there, but it's also November 5th through 11th that we're looking at. And November 1st through the 25th is very bad performance across the board for Facebook.

Yet you have those few, you know, people that do have good performance in it, but for majority of brands, it's a very bad time. So with that being said, regardless of that, I still want to show you how we've been managing our ad accounts, how we've been structuring it. I did a video like this about two, three weeks ago, but I've cleaned it up since then.

And it's actually been very streamlined across all of our accounts now. And it's working very, very well. We're spending hardly any time in the ad account now.

And we can focus a lot more time now on the creative side and a copy side, storyboarding, strategy stuff, stuff that actually drives performance. Because this type of stuff right here, you'll take action from it after this video, you won't see maybe a huge performance lift, but it's what you do after that in terms of creative copy and all that. That's going to make the big performance increase.

So with that being said, just starting off from the top, we have four campaigns in every account. And let me just go ahead and select these. There's a few other things too, we got going on in here that just is not relevant to this video right now.

So we have four campaigns in all of our accounts. We have our retargeting campaign, our top of funnel campaign, our past buyers campaign, and our ads holding container. Ads holding container is simply a place that we put all of our ads in there.

So like if I click on here, you'll see November 2021 ads, October, September, August, July, June, May, April. So each month we put all of our ads inside of here and you can even check, take a look what that looks like right here. Our naming conventions and all that fun stuff.

So just to get that out of the way, simply a place to hold all of our ads that we create and be able to name them properly before we put them into live campaigns. Now our past buyers campaign, it's currently off right now because this one account is having trouble, not with the ad side, but the customer success rate in terms of people getting the product and they're having some issues with shipping and product quality right now. So what that's causing is a very low performance on the past buyers rate.

And we can tell because even through email marketing, Facebook ads, promoting other products to them, we have a very low LTV that we've been struggling with. And it's also what's preventing this brand from scaling to seven, eight and nine figures. Cause they have a really great product or a really great kind of like ad strategy and like initial purchase rate.

But, um, Hey, look, that's a whole nother video to really go into, but it's currently off right now. If we dive deeper into it, um, it's just a purchase 180 day audience inside of here. And you can literally see right here, purchase 180 days.

And basically the objective here is to put ads inside of it that is going to get existing customers to buy again. So it's going to be a completely different ad from your top of funnel. This is, Hey, I purchased from you already.

Now, what new products and what new offers can you give me? That'll make me buy again. And when I say new offers the whole thing, not, Oh, well you got 20% off a top of funnel.

Maybe now I'm going to give you 50% off to buy the same product again at a discount. No, not that I'm talking about a new offer as in the whole thing, the product, whole new product. You can do an offer if you want, in terms of like 20% or 30% off if you want, but a whole new product they bought from you again, they bought from you once they need a whole new product to buy again from you, unless you're like a supplement brand or a food brand or something like that, where, uh, it's something that you can continuously repurchasing.

So that's a big thing right there. Now our top of funnel campaign right here, we dive further. It's a CBO and you're going to focus more purely just your one budget, set your budget to whatever you want to spend per day.

You want to spend $5 a day. Cool. We're spending $5 per day.

Set that budget. Now the objective here is that you want to get 50 conversions on one of these on an ad set to get into active. You do not want to be learning in learning limited or you'll decrease your performance.

So that's key right there. So like, let's say for example, if you're spending a hundred dollars a day and you have a cost per acquisition of 50 bucks, so you're basically getting two purchases per day, you need to be able to spend enough to where you're getting 50 conversions a week and your cost per acquisition is 50 bucks. So 50 conversions, we need to spend $2,500 per week to get out of that learning phase, assuming that you maintain that cost per acquisition of $50.

So it's vitally important. You get out of that learning limited, as we're seeing anywhere from a 20 to 30% increase in performance. And secondly, you're going to let the algorithm continue to optimize around your ideal customer.

So that is why when we're starting out with a brand new account, we just go broad, we just broad start off. And then once we start spending enough on broad and have some working ads, then we'll start doing audience testing. Um, because we truly believe you're the Facebook pixel knows who your ideal customers before you even start running ads.

So I know that's, that's crazy, but Hey, that's me. Another video for another day. So, um, we start broad, just set up your male or female or in your age, if there's any specifics to that.

Um, and then we do a lot of creative testing, a lot of ad testing very quickly. So that's how you can scale an account very fast. So once you start getting to a high enough spin, so like say, for example, our cost per acquisition is $31 times 50, you know, we need to be spending at least $1,500 per ad set in a seven day period.

And you can see right here, we're barely hitting it on this one and we're hitting this one perfectly fine. This one we're not. And this is also an ad set that we just launched.

So let's dive, let's pull back a second. Let's take it back further. So you're gonna create a CBO campaign, your budget, you're gonna create one ad set, um, either put your best performing audience that you know is your best performing audience.

Cause you've spent a lot of money on it in the last few months. I would say at least 10 to 50 times your cost per acquisition on it. And it's working well, if not, then just go broad, just create a broad ad set.

If you're, you know, like if you're selling a beauty product, obviously go for female, but if you know your gender, put your gender. If you don't know your gender, like who your ideal customer is, then just male plus female. And if you don't know the age, just put 18 plus and go broad.

So you're going to create that. Um, and let's just go into an ad set that's already working. Uh, simply what we do is we just toss in a few completely different ads.

If you're starting from scratch, if not, then if you're kind of consolidating everything, if you're consolidating, you're going to take all your best performing ads, um, say over the last 30 days, just put them in here. But what's your, and that essentially happen is, is you're doing your creative testing, your copy testing, your headline testing all in these, um, ad sets or this ad set is your main ad set. Let's just assume that.

Okay. So what we do is we start with a few ads and we just see what works, what sticks. So in our case, we have this one particular video that stuck.

Um, and then now it's kind of shifted spin to another, uh, particular creative and everything. And again, that's okay. That's very okay.

So if we're testing a copy, we're going to take your best performing creative and it's create a variation of it with different copy. So nothing you can see right here, dollar five and dollar six, same video, but just different copy variations. We toss them in here.

They're looking good. We're leaving them on. We just tossed in some new creative of some UGC.

We got, you can see literally right here, three different girls, best performing copy. Boom. It hasn't got enough spin yet to be considered success.

And that's okay. We're just letting Facebook do its job. Okay.

So when we get there now, so you're basically doing your creative testing, your copy testing, all the one ad set. And then also to you have your, and basically what's going to happen is if it works well, you leave it on. If it doesn't work, you turn it off.

So for us, for it's basically lifetime spent is greater than your AOV. So for us, this AOV for this particular product is a hundred bucks. So AOV is a hundred dollars lifetime spent.

So I've got right here to lifetime spent. I check this every day, come in lifetime spent, boom, turn on AOV is a hundred dollars. If is air, any ad in here that spent more than a hundred dollars and is unprofitable.

I'm just gonna say unprofitable. Nope. Okay, cool.

I'm leaving two X or greater is all I'm looking for. Yes. You have 14.5, yada, yada, yada, less tracking and stuff like that.

Um, but that's also why we track our daily revenue, our daily spin every day in a Google sheet. So that way, if we see a big drop in performance, we'll know that, Hey, look, um, we saw a big drop in performance yesterday. What would we do in the ads manager?

Oh, we turn off that ad. That was unprofitable. Let's turn it back on.

See what happens. Turn it back on and shoot performance back up. All right, cool.

Let's just let that go for a few days. Maybe there's some delayed attribution and stuff like that in there. Cool.

So next thing, check this out lifetime spent maximum. And I can start to see right here. Okay.

Hey, maybe I had some delayed attribution right here. These are looking good. I can always go ahead and turn those back on.

So let's say, boom, I turned it off a few days later, delayed attribution hits and they looking better now. Cool. I can turn it back on.

So you can always do that and all, and, and two, you can always check the last seven days. Maybe you have a few ads just really, really, really, really, really suck. And then, um, you know, you can turn them off for a little period of time, let them rest and everything.

So, so very simple, very easy to manage. Okay. That's how you do your ad testing, your creative testing and stuff like that.

And what's going to happen is you're going to be really strict with your cutoff and cut on rules. And you're going to sort of force you to keep cutting off creatives that don't work or ads that don't work. And you might get to a point where you only have like one or two ads running and that's okay.

Just let them run. Um, but it's going to force you to keep creating new creative, new copy every week. And I would say 80% creative, 20% copy.

So if you have a bunch of ads that don't work, then keep testing new creative, but test wildly different variations as well too. You know, you can take one video, create five different intros for it and test those five different intros as each an ad. Uh, you can test, um, different like hooks to grab people's attention and to watch that full video.

You can also test completely different video styles. You can do an unboxing video. You can do a reaction video, um, different peak, like peak pain, peak pleasure.

So, um, for this particular product, peak pleasure can be a girl unboxing and seeing how much she loves it. Um, can be a girl or older person giving it to her and saying how much she loves them. And like, it can be from a variety different angles for this particular product and every products be different in that case.

So let's take a step back. Let's go back to ad set level. Let's go back right here.

Um, let's just look at the last seven days. So, okay, Nick, cool. That's how you manage the ad side.

What happens if I want to test an audience? Great. Okay.

So same thing for audience. We only want to do one audience at a time. Okay.

So I recently tested this upcoming birthday and it's works. All right. It's hitting above a two acts.

We're good. Cool. Now I was like, great.

That works good. It's out of learning. Cool.

Then I was like, okay, I want to test another audience. I want to test a broad audience. It's been working really well for our accounts.

Let's see what that looks like. And then boom, it's actually hitting a way better cost per acquisition, um, and way better purchase. I'm like, great.

Cool. Now I do not want to test another audience in this particular scenario because I don't have enough spin per day to run four audiences at once. Um, so in $1,200 a day, I'm just not spending enough.

I can barely get out of learning limited here. So, but let's just say, for example, um, I did want to test another audience. I am at a learning limited.

I'm active and I want to test a whole nother audience. So I'm just going to simply duplicate this troll D and then I'm literally going to leave all of my ads in there. Like I'm not turning those off.

Those are best performing ads. Um, I'm just going to change my naming thing. And let's just say I want to target.

There is a lot of stuff around, um, like Christmas gifts. So let's see Christmas. Yeah.

Or maybe like gift giving. Let's just see what pops up right here. Okay.

Of course nothing. All right. Let's just do gift, gift card, gift shop, the ultimate gift, special gift.

Let's go for something big, like gift shop, gift wrapping, gift baskets. Okay. Christmas gift, birthday gifts, handmade gifts.

There's a lot of different stuff in here. Let's try just personalized gifts. This is a personalized product.

All right. Boom. Copy that.

Paste it. Boom. Purchase or publish.

Last thing too, I forgot to mention is you do want to set an ad spend limit of at least two extra target CPA. So if your, your target CPA is 30 bucks, you need to at least do 60 bucks daily. If you're working on a smaller account, again, you just don't have the budget to test an audience.

Cool. Just keep testing, creative and copy. Keep focusing on that.

Cool. Now I'll let this run this ad set run right here. And I'm not worried about what happens at an ad level.

I'm not worried about that. I'm worried about what happens at an ad set level, because in my mind, I'm testing an audience. I'm not testing an ad testing an audience here.

So if I'm testing an audience, what I need to do is I need to worry about this ad set and what this ad set does at a higher level. So if this ad set spends lifetime AOV, so lifetime is greater than AOV for spend and it's not profitable, we'll turn it off. Very simple here.

So that's what I'm gonna do in this specific case right here. Lifetime spends on here is greater than AOV. It's not profitable.

I'll turn it off. Cool. Now this ad set is my, kind of been like my main ad set lately.

So I'm just leaving it on and I'm tossing in new ads in here because it's my most profitable. Now, if I turn this ad set off, because now I have this new bra that's working a lot better, then this will just become my new main one. And I'll make sure any ads I have in here, I'll copy them over to this one as well.

So keep it very simple. I'm gonna turn this off just cause one, I was just for a video. Now let's go back.

Let's go to retargeting. So that's how you do your, your top of funnel one. Um, I get a lot of questions.

Hey, what if I have a multi-product store? Well, number one, you want to focus on your best sellers and that top of funnel campaign. You can do a creative for each of your products, assuming your product is they all fit together.

So like it's a clothing line, you put your best sellers together. Um, you drive traffic to your best sellers collection page and then boom, it just kind of depends. Um, cause we do have some accounts where we have more campaigns because they have two radically different products.

Um, all under the same brand, all still under the same branding, but it's just two complete different products and we can't put them in the same campaign. So you just need to kind of experiment around with that. Um, we focus for a clothing brand with a lot of different, the most common question with a lot of different skews drive traffic from your top funnel campaign to your, your best sellers collection or something like that.

And people have the option to purchase what they want now retargeting retargeting. We're putting everything inside of one ad set, IG engagement, Facebook engagement, website visitors, and video views all now I'm using 14 days for this particular, um, account, but I highly recommend 30 days. So we've actually haven't updated this account yet.

Um, but it's actually 30 days that we recommend as we've seen the best performance of it. Cause it just gives that a little bit bigger of a window. Now on the ad level for retargeting, it's literally the same exact thing.

You just tossing a new ad in there, toss a new creative in there, see how it performs lifetime spin, greater than OV, turn it off if it's not profitable. So just go through with it. And what's going to happen is it's going to force you to test more creative, more copy, and you're gonna be testing anywhere from three to six new creatives every single week, some weeks, maybe eight to 10, just, it depends on spin.

It depends on a lot of different little variables right there. So really hope this helped you out. I'm just understanding of how we kind of simplify the ad accounts, how we structure things.

Um, and what's allowing us to do is we're hitting our 50 conversions a week to get out of learning limited. And we're getting into active. We're simplifying of how we're turning on, turning off things.

Cause you know, I love the creative testing campaign. I love the audience test campaign, the separate campaigns to test variables in, but the problem we're running into is when we copy it over, uh, to add scale, it just, it doesn't work well. So now it's just like, look, we're tossing it in.

Boom. If it works, we just leave it on and the algorithm can optimize around it. And we don't break that optimization.

Yes. Things go back into, um, learning when you toss in a new creative into an ad set. And that is okay because the performance doesn't drop.

It goes back into learning for a few days, just kind of optimize around that creative. And then it goes back into active because you're spending enough to get out of it. If you do go back into learning limited, it's only gonna be for a very sharp period of time.

So it's nothing that you need to freak out or worry about. So I really hope this kind of give you guys an example of how to actually, um, manage to account. Um, if you do want to increase spin now on the account, then what you simply can do is just push that spin when you're looking at your MER, which is your total Shopify revenue compared to your Facebook ad, um, spin.

And if you're hitting your goal overall MER, which is your overall ROAS, then you can just increase that spin by 20%. If you're not hitting your ROAS and using keep testing new, create a new copy until you find those winners. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you guys so much for being here and all the support and everything like that on the channel. I really appreciate you guys so much.

And lastly, if you're an e-com business owner and you're doing at least $25,000 a month in revenue, make sure you click the link below to book call me and my team. We'll open a call with you. We'll look at your business and we'll kind of put a strategy with your business together.

They'll help you hit your goals and you'll have the option to either take that strategy and run with it, or you'll have the option to work with us if you choose. So we've helped multiple brands scale to six and seven figures, um, even close to eight figures now for one brand. Uh, so we've helped a lot.

Um, and we manage over $500 a month in ad spend. So that being said, thank you guys so much for watching this video. I'll talk to you guys later.

Again, my name is Nick Theriot. Talk to you guys later. Peace.