All right, so creative testing in 2024 has been going through a couple new changes. And I wanted to actually bring us to the table and kind of go over those new ways you can creative test in 2024, how to test Facebook ads, all of those good things. So the current way that we've been doing for the last year and a half, two years has been with dynamic creatives, create a new ad set, you turn dynamic creative on, you upload your three creatives, your two copies, your two headlines, and you give it a test.

Then towards the end of 2023, some people start to notice a new notification in their account that dynamic creatives will be soon going away. And then early 2024, some accounts got flexible ads. And now we're starting to see a little bit more of a mass adoption of flexible ads across the board, where instead of turning a dynamic creative turned on, then you just simply turn this on now at the ad level.

So you can have multiple flexible ads in one ad set, or you can do one ad set per flexible ad. Either way, it's the same as a DCT, but there has been some challenges. And one of the biggest challenges has been data collection in terms of being able to break down.

Before you couldn't do any breakdowns. Now, as of August, 2024, you can do a breakdown and see the headline and break down. You can see the copy, but you cannot see the creative.

So I'm expecting it to where you can actually break down and see the creative data. But until then, to be fair, you know, we're not seeing that right now. And I simply wanted to just bring to the table another solution of which you can leverage.

At the end of the day, I'm all about, hey, what philosophy are you managing your media buying by? As long as you're doing correct media buying fundamentals, I don't really care which way you test the creatives. Again, as long as a winning creative can take all the spin and B, you are making logical decisions versus emotional and C, you are controlling the variables to where it's, you know, they're all being tested on the same audience.

They all have the freedom of getting all the spin. And that's the main two things that I'm looking at from a media buying perspective as my main bread and butter is the actual how the creative is being built. Now, with that being said, I wanted to jump into another, just simply another way that follows all of these marketing fundamentals or media buying fundamentals that you can leverage if you feel like, hey, I don't like flexible because I can't see the data and I can't do DCTs.

What are other routes I can go? Well, this video, I'm going to set this up in the account and show you. So here's the ad account.

I'm actually going to end one of my personal ad accounts for my book launch. So I'm just going to jump into this campaign. You can see right here, my first ad test, absolutely crushed.

Second ad test didn't do too hot. So kind of go in here. We're going to set up our third ad test.

Now, this third ad test right here, just to show you how this is set up, website purchases, dynamic creative is turned off because again, it will be going away soon. Again, some people still can run dynamic creative and there's some people that flexible is enabled completely. I'm seeing it across the board, 50, 50 across our accounts.

But yeah, and let me reset this real quick. Then going to scrolling down, I'm doing a couple different, well, I would say countries and things like that. And then, yeah, so that's my setup just for you guys to see.

And then let's actually go into how we're going to set this up. So we're still going to do technically the three, two, two, which is three creatives, two copies, two headlines. We're just going to do these as separate ads, but I want to show y'all how to do that as separate ads that just simply makes the best sense in terms of like speed and efficiency.

So first thing we're going to do is load in our creative, select your Facebook page, create ad, manual upload, single image or video, boom. And then let's add an image. And then let me just go here.

So I'm going to select this one already kind of loaded in. So here's what the image looks like. I'm just going to correct this, make this fits correctly.

Cool. Done. Done.

So this is my creative, my first creative that I'm going to load into the account. And then already loaded in my copy and I already loaded in my headline. So here we're going to go and duplicate this ad.

So I'm just going to click on control D to duplicate this. And what we're going to do is we're actually going to change the creative first. So let's add image and I'm actually going to upload my two new, just have two other creatives I want to toss in here.

So that way all the creatives are split by one variable. Typically when I'm testing photo ads, I do the background, but because of this particular style I'm trying out, I'm actually doing the hook first, which is really rare for me. Usually it's like the background.

That's what I'm mainly doing. But just because of this type of format right here, I want to do it this way. So, and I'm just going to change this.

This is create Facebook ads. Boom. And then control D.

I'm going to duplicate that one more time, remove, add image, and then I'm going to add this one in. There we go. Boom, boom, boom, done, done, done.

And then let's go to scale Facebook ads. There we go. Cool.

So we have three different creatives. They're all the same, except they're split by one variable. Again, typically when I test image ads, I'm testing all with the same hook, just a different background.

This particular example, because it's a truly just a text-based ad, I'm just focusing on the hook first, but that's not my normal case. If this was a video, then I would do exactly the same thing for a video, except I have a different visual hook for each video. So just so you know what video looks like and we know what typical photos look like.

Now what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to duplicate all of these. So I'm going to select all of these and I'm going to click duplicate or control D and then I'm going to edit just the copy. So, so far the copy is the same for all of them.

But now I'm going to introduce my new copy. So the first three start off my best performing copy. Now I'm just introducing my new copy.

Let's just do something simple like, all right, I don't know if this is the best copy, but that was actually something someone said. And then for headline headline, I'll toss in something new as well. Let's see inventory running low.

This is probably stuff I wouldn't actually run, but just to give you guys an example. And then I'm going to do one more final edit real quick, edit name. And then I'm just going to change this to new, new, new, delete that.

I believe that's awesome. Cool. Save the draft.

Sweet. So now we have the exact same three creatives with new copy. And then we have the exact same three creatives with best performing copy.

This way we're technically still doing the 322. And then from here, we can just go and publish. Now, what is different about this than say doing a DCT or say doing a flexible ad?

Well, one thing here is it takes longer to set up, right? Like I had to take a couple extra actions to set this up. Now, the second thing is that this test six different versions of ads, whereas a DCT test 12.

Why? Because what it'll do is it'll take a new copy and then it'll test it against a best performing headline. And then it'll take a best performing copy and test it by a new headline.

So it cross populates a little bit more. With that being said, this is still going to get you 90% there. And as a strategy, I'm actively deploying in some of our accounts that we want to see more data other than just looking at nothing with a flexible ad.

So again, I'm just simply giving you guys another route that you can actively do to test these Facebook ads and still be practicing all the best fundamentals. Another really big thing about this is that we have all of our creatives and our new creatives are being tested with best performing copy and our new creators are being tested with new copy. So it gives two possible chances of those creatives performing.

And if it still doesn't perform outside of that, then, you know, that's just not a good creative. And I'm simply gonna be turning that off. So if you enjoyed this video, make sure to hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads. If you want to do one on one mentoring with me where I review your ad accounts, performance, all of those things, give you scenarios and stuff like that of what I would do in your situation, click link below to one on one mentoring. And then lastly, if you want my Facebook ads course that goes through exactly step by step of how we create Facebook ads that convert for over 100 video demonstrations, then click the link below to Nick's Facebook ads course.

Thank you so much for watching. Hope a good rest of your day. Peace out.