So you want to scale your Facebook ads fast in 2024. Well, I'm gonna be going over a couple things that we personally applied that has allowed us to do significantly better numbers for our clients and increase that speed of which we scale. I've done over $100 million in revenue for my clients just in the last couple of years.

So hopefully you can take a few of these and actually apply these to yourself and see some really good results with it. So going into the very first thing that we're gonna cover is new creatives. This is something that I've been very transparent with on my channel for a very long period of time now.

And I'll go over a couple different examples for y'all. You know, we had this one particular client back in 2020. This is where I first discovered the importance of new creatives where we were advertising a metal wall art that go on people's walls.

And originally we positioned this product as just a beautiful piece of art to put on someone's wall. And it really was not converting. Like we were stuck at like $500 a day to $1,000 a day in sales and we weren't really getting anywhere.

Then through my research, which creates all of our creatives, I found comments of people saying, hey, I gave this to my girlfriend. She loved it. So I was like, okay, cool.

Can we do a creative that's focused on the gifting angle? So what I did was is we set up a photo shoot with a guy and a girl holding it together, looking happy, looking madly like they're in love and everything. And then we uploaded that as the new creative.

And what we did was is we just put a hook on it that said the perfect gift for my sweetheart. And this creative took off, absolutely crushed it for this account where, you know, like we went from like $1,000 a day all the way up to peaking out at $10,000 a day in revenue for a couple months with this creative itself. So just simply new creatives can be a massive impact in the account.

And the cool thing about it is there's a lot of different ways to play around with new creatives. You can play around with the positioning. You can play around with the angle.

You can play around with little things like the actor, the environment, the location. You can play around with, you know, different desires and stuff like that. There's a lot of cool stuff that comes into that, the planning process for a creative that you can play around with that plays a big impact in performance.

We had this clothing brand or, you know, we've had multiple clothing brands now that we've helped scaled. I scaled a women's clothing brand from $30,000 a month to 300K a month in revenue. And then also to a men's clothing brand that we scaled from 300K a month in revenue to about $1.8 million, $2 million a month in revenue.

And both of them had the exact same strategy, which was consistently new photo and video shoots every single week with our top selling products. And these products itself were just simply taking our best performing, you know, pants or best performing skirt or best performing t-shirt. And we would just simply take those shirts, pants, skirts, whatever.

And we would take those best selling products and just new actors, new models, new locations. And we really painted that picture of what people could experience, the lifestyle they could have if they purchased this clothing. And we did that weekly or bi-weekly.

And we consistently pumped it out new creatives into the account, which again, allowed us to scale those brands to those levels. We had this other account where, you know, we just simply needed to, you know, change the position in this product because we were focusing on a paint by numbers kit where, you know, the client was stuck about 150K a month in revenue. He was testing a lot of creatives, but just wasn't really getting any success with it.

So that's why he came to us and was like, hey, Nick, I know you do creatives way better than me. So how can you help me, you know, transform this business? And, you know, this particular client was stuck at like, what I would say a product aware stage where it was like three reasons why you need to buy a paint by numbers kit just talking a lot about their product and was not talking about the connection to their audience in terms of calling out what the audience wants, then giving them the product.

So we explored a whole new positioning in this product, which positioning for me is just, hey, you perceive this product to do this one thing. So we're just going to completely position it to a whole new thing. For us, it was a girls night.

So we changed the positioning from this girls night activity or from this, just like here's why you need to buy paint by numbers to actually positioning it to a much more attractive desire, which was a fun girls night. And we were able to scale this brand from 150K a month to about two and a half, $3 million a month in revenue. And literally all we did was use that hook, you know, for the girlies who want a fun girls night.

We got a bunch of girls together. We filmed content around the product and the girls having fun with this product. So that way we can create the belief this product does that.

And then we simply just put in the account and it took off. So new creatives are one of my favorite ways to actually increase and scale a brand's revenue fairly quickly, right? There is other things we're going to talk about in this video today, but those are like one of the initial things we like to really look at, especially with a brand that's already been launched, already running ads and stuff.

What are easy things we can tweak to improve the performance? Now, the next thing is landing page conversion rate. Whether you're driving traffic to a lead page, whether you're driving traffic to an avatarial, whether you're driving traffic to a product page, increasing the percentage of people that convert can increase your sales overnight.

So for example, if you're converting 1% of people right now and you jumped up to 2% without changing anything in the ad account, you're going to double your revenue by just changing the conversion rate of your landing page. And that's going to give you more money you can spend back into advertising and stuff like that. Now, how does this actually work?

Well, we have to look at it from the perspective of the consumer, right? So, you know, for example, my course itself, I just increased the conversion rate of it from like 1% to like 3% to 5%, right? Because I initially try to create this complex funnel, right?

And I misaligned with my audience. I tried building like a training and then sending people to the course after the training. And then I was like, well, you know, I was basically not respecting the sales process from the perspective of, I already know they see me as an authority because they're coming from my YouTube channel.

I don't need to get put further blocks in the way. I just need to show them the product and boom. So I actually removed all that training and we actually went from a 1% to like a 3% to 5% on my course.

So I increased revenue significantly for my course. And literally all I did was change my landing page. I didn't change anything about how I was promoting it.

I didn't change anything about, you know, what angles I was using or stuff like that. I literally just increased the landing page. So some products need a longer sales page, a longer landing page.

Some products need short landing page, which is a few really good photos of it. So it kind of depends on your product. It also depends on, you know, what are you having to convince someone, right?

If you're going after like neck pain, for example, I need to show a whole bunch of visuals on that landing page that showcases how people no longer have neck pain because of my product. If I'm going after like, for example, Rose Skin Co, their product called the Lumi. That's one of my favorite landing pages to look at.

They do a phenomenal job here at just, you know, a landing page itself. They've been spending money for a very, very long period of time now on Facebook ads. So they're one of the real deals and they just have a really good page.

They have a good, you know, basically really good product photos. They have really good visual explanations of the product. They handle objections to the product.

They make the product seem a lot cheaper than it actually is by comparing it to more expensive solutions. They show customer testimonials. They show, you know, like authority news articles, endorsing the product and everything like that.

They showcase a lot of really good things that, you know, basically they can get for, you know, actually like showcase a bunch of very good things that helps out with that sales process right there, which drastically increases the conversion rate on the landing page. So if you take anything from this little lesson right here, go to roseskinco.com and look at their product called the Lumi, L-U-M-I, and just replicate their page. Break down each little section they have and why that section is there, for what reason specifically.

And then simply just go and replicate that on your website. Now, this last way to scale your Facebook ads fast actually comes from one of my students. You know, this is something that I actually personally learned from this student this year.

And this student started with me, you know, December of 2023, but now it's August of 2024, you know, roughly about eight, nine months later, this student went from $100 a day of ad spend, about $6,000 a day of ad spend, and he's been scaling very well. And one thing while he did, he apply a lot of the things like landing page conversion rate and also applying things like, you know, like testing new ads, finding new winning ads, all of those good things, one thing he applied that I personally didn't teach him that he actually just brought to the table for me to actually learn was he consistently tried focusing on doubling his AOV. This is the average order value of which someone spends with your business.

So for AOV itself, there's a couple different ways we can manipulate this AOV. Number one, we can offer bundles instead of single products. So again, going back to Rose Skin Co, they have like a smooth skin bundle, right?

Where it's like a $200, $300 bundle and it has everything you need for smooth, hair-free skin. That's a great example right there of a bundle. You just take a couple products, you put them together, make them one product and then boom.

Another thing you can do for AOV is just, it's called Frequently Bought Together. And if you go like on Amazon, for example, Amazon's really big with this, go find a product and then go scroll down a little bit after you find a product on Amazon. It'll be like add all three to the cart and save and it'll show like two other commonly bought products with your product.

That's a phenomenal way to increase average order value because it's getting people to spend more money with you. And we're not doing anything differently than what we're already doing now. We're just adding these other things in, which is going to increase the amount when someone spends with you, which is going to give you more profit per order.

More profit per order is going to allow you to spend more money on advertising. Another thing you can do is the little add to cart upsell. So after someone clicks add to cart, another little upsell pop-up where basically it'll just be like, hey, you know, here's something else also too as well.

You might want, and then you have the in cart upsell to where like after someone clicks add to cart, it shows everything that they have in that cart. And it'll have like, basically like, hey, here's some other products you might want to also add to the cart. And then lastly is once you actually go to like the checkout page and someone purchases, they have one click upsell, which is also a phenomenal tool right there where it basically just showcases some other products that people can buy.

And it's also too, what's cool about is one click. So, you know, it's easy. They don't feel like re-inserting their credit card information.

They've already entered in an information and it's just, boom, here's some other things that you might also think you like. Add to cart and go. Now, also, I want to give some tips real quick for AOV because a lot of people do this wrong.

And I see a lot of people do shit like, oh, they purchased one iPhone. Let me offer them five more iPhones. And it's no.

What I like to ask myself is what are new problems that them buying my product creates for them? So when I go to the store and I buy this iPhone, for example, one of the problems I have immediately now that I didn't have before is I need a case. Another problem that I have now that I didn't have before is I need a screen protector.

Another problem I have now that I didn't need before is now I need AirPods because, you know, the typical like little jack is on here that can plug a regular set of headphones into. So it's like there's new problems created for me when I buy that product. What are those problems?

And what can I do to further help that person satisfy those problems? The other thing is, is what are other things I can offer for someone who, you know, they purchase and stuff like that? And what are other things I can further do to help better satisfy that desire?

So for example, you know, my ebook is about to come out, right? So my ebook itself, like it's gonna be a $27 ebook, nothing crazy. It's very detailed on everything I do, all that good stuff.

So I'm basically giving you everything you need to convert. But then it's like, huh, if I know they're investing into this ebook to better write ads that convert, how can I better help them satisfy that desire of creating ads that convert? Well, I could also upsell them on a course that shows me inside the ad account and doing all of these things that I teach in the book to where it better shows them visually how this works.

And it's like, cool, I can upsell them on that right there. And that's also increased the AOV from $27 to $527. That gives me a lot more money now I can push back into ad spend.

So AOV is phenomenal. And when you combine new creatives, when you combine improving your conversion rate, and you combine AOV, this is how we've helped multiple stores now scale to multiple seven figures a month in revenue. And hopefully this can be applied to you.

As far as the actual tactical of scaling Facebook ads, look, we keep it simple inside the ad account, one campaign per business objective. And what we do is, you know, we just increase spin or decrease spin by 20% based off yesterday's performance. So if yesterday's performance was bad and I waited at least three or four days for it to stabilize, I'm gonna decrease spin by 20%.

If yesterday's performance was good, I'm gonna increase spin by 20%. And then from here, I also might encourage you not to really decrease spin, but just hold budget at that level regardless of performance. So we can use that to find new winning ads and only scale if we see better performance.

That's how I scale Facebook ads. But I just find that's just increasing or decreasing budget. That's not actually scaling Facebook ads.

So that's just a couple of tips right there for y'all. Hopefully this helps y'all out. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And then if you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And then if you want one-on-one mentoring with me, click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. And if you want my Facebook ads course that teaches you how to create Facebook ads, creative second vert, then click the link below to Nick's Facebook ads course.

Thank you all so much for watching. Hope y'all have a good rest of y'all day. Peace out.