What metrics should you focus on inside of your Facebook ad accounts? Today, I'll be going over the exact metrics and the columns setup I use inside of our Facebook ad accounts. I'm literally going to open up an ad account and show you with real data.

Now, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, my name is Nick Terrio. I've done over $60 million in online revenue with Facebook ads, and I run a Facebook ads agency, and I coach and mentor students. So if you're wondering where you can find some information around that, click the links below.

Have Nick Terrio run your ads or have Nick Terrio basically mentor you. Now, before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So we are inside of one of our accounts.

This is like I mentioned before. This is kind of like my YouTube account. It's, uh, yeah, it's nothing really crazy at all.

It's something that we just spent a few hundred dollars a day on and I use it to make YouTube videos on. It's not really a super profitable store. So if you want to go funnel hack it, sure, go ahead.

But this is nothing that's really crazy. Now, some of our other clients spend anywhere from three to $10,000 a day. We've got another store right now crushing about $35,000 a day.

You know, we're doing about 1.2, $1.5 million a month with that store. Uh, we've got another store doing two and a half million dollars a month, uh, another store doing about 300 K a month, uh, quite a variety of stores. That's just absolutely crushing it.

But unfortunately I can't show those to you just because those are clients and a lot of, you know, uh, I would say almost NDA type of stuff right there. Now that being said, looking at this account, um, the column setup is exactly what I'm going to be focusing on today. Uh, these are exact column setups that I use and pretty much you could replace this with, if you're in Legion or app installs or event registrations as well.

Um, you can also use these as well. So first things first, let's take a look at these columns. So I'm at the campaign level.

Uh, I do, you know, CBO pretty much, which again, we're not going to talk about campaigns today. If you want to know how I set up my campaigns, go look at broad targeting and, uh, dynamic or DCT, uh, 2023. And I'm going to show you that I think it's broad targeting in dynamic creatives in 2023.

And I do a full video walk through of how to set up these Facebook ads. So first column setup we use is purchases. Uh, if we're optimizing for purchases, uh, the only time we optimize for something different is like if we're running a lead generation accounts or maybe an app install account, or maybe a event registration account, that's the only time we do something different.

Then the next one is cost per purchase because our objective here is to hit the target cost per purchase. I do not focus on ROAS at all. My objective is hit a target CPA.

Now, if you want to know how to calculate your target CPA, I do have a video on the YouTube channel and I even give you a free calculator that literally shows you exactly what to do. So you can go right here to how to calculate target CPA, Shopify and Facebook ads 2023 tutorial. And I literally show you how to calculate your target CPA.

Now, next one is reach. Just how many people have reached our CPM, just basically what our CPM is. And then our frequency, um, you know, what the frequency is.

Next one is CTR, but I focus on unique outbound CTR. A lot of people do just CTR. I like unique outbound CTR because this unique clicks.

So let's say for example, if I click on an ad five times, it'll only show us one click, but if I just do CTR regular or just regular clicks and I click on it five times, I'll say five clicks, but I'm just one person. So I want unique, unique outbound CTR. Outbound means they take them off Facebook.

Anything outbound means it went off Facebook. If it's just a click, I could have clicked to see more on the ad. And that's like a problem with clicks.

Next one is cost per unique outbound click. So what's the cost of our, you know, CPC, basically how many unique outbound clicks we've had. Then we have scroll stop and hold rate.

Okay. So looking at this, um, first off, I know there's a few things here that there might not be, I would say like full, like, like for example, scroll stop and hold rate. These are custom conversions.

And let me show you guys how to make that. So go to customize columns and here we got hold rate and scroll stop. So let me click on a hold rate really quick and just show you guys how that's created.

That's through plays divided by impressions. Now what this basically is, is that, and you also got to make sure you click on percentage. And what this does is it shows me the amount of people that's holding and watching the remainder of the video after 10 seconds.

Now, next one is scroll stop. Scroll stop is a simple one as well. All you're doing is taking three second video plays and dividing it by press, oppressions, make sure it's percentage, and then you're good to go.

Now scroll stop is going to tell me my, basically my hook rate, how well the video is hooking and hold rate is telling me how well they're holding. Now I do not like to look at industry wide averages when it comes down to scroll stop or hold rate. It's essentially just, Hey, what is it relative to everything else that you're currently testing?

Now, second thing is, is that the only thing I'm focused on is amount spent and cost per purchase. I don't really focus on any of these other metrics, but simply use them to tell me the story. So why is an ad getting an amazing cost per purchase or why is an ad getting a terrible cost per purchase?

What is, what is the reason for that? And let's go down to, I want to go further and I want to go all the way down to a ad level and I'm going to do, let's just do lifetime. I don't know if this is campaigns even been running long enough.

Okay. So this campaign hasn't been running long enough to get other data. Oh, okay.

Here you go. So this is our other, our new DCTs that we're testing some other products. And obviously they're not performing because one, we spent $44, we're not a single cost per purchase.

And it's a DCT not spending more than our ad set. So it's two reasons why it's not performing. If you want to know when to turn off an ad or when to turn off on an ad, go watch this video.

It should be up by time this video is up when it's turned off a Facebook ad in 2023. So in here, I can see that, Hey, these aren't really performing because we're not hitting our target CPA, target cost per purchase. Well, what's the reason why?

And that's where I see like the CTR is a lot higher or lower than what our winning one is. And then also to our CPC is also significantly higher. So this just helps me tell the story of why it isn't working.

Now, is it like, Oh my God, I just need to improve the CTR and it's going to work? No, because there could also be a level of what's the reason for a higher click and what's the reason for a lower CTR? Well, that basically means the ad isn't really resonating with people.

If people aren't getting really resonated with, they're not going to make that purchase or it's not really grabbing their attention. And it's going to be a lot harder to essentially, I would say like a lot harder to be profitable with that particular ad. So you just simply just need to test some ads that resonate better with your community or your particular prospect.

Now, what happens if I'm getting an amazing CTR, but a bad cost per purchase, this basically means I'm grabbing the wrong attention. So I'm grabbing attention really well, but people are misread and they're going to the page to make a purchase. And they're like, well, this is not what I clicked on because you're, you can grab attention easily.

You know, I can easily show, you know, like something very provocative that's going to get a lot of clicks and it's not really gonna get a great cost per purchase because that's not what they're getting as soon as they land on that page. So it's also something else to look at. Next thing is frequency.

So frequency, this is again, something I don't really focus on. I get a lot of people that talk to me and they're like, Hey Nick, you know, my frequency is above one. Should I turn off the ad?

So I never turn an ad off, off a frequency. I use frequency to help me tell the story. Again, everything outside of amount spent and cost per purchase just helps me tell the story.

I do nothing when it comes down to making decisions off this data. Hey, the ad did not hit our target cost per purchase. Okay, cool.

It's a bad ad. Now, why? What helps me tell that story?

Or, Hey, it's doing amazing. What helps me tell that story? That is it.

Now, next thing is frequency. So like I said, so for frequency for us, we use it as a gauge for the amount we're spending. So if we know that, Hey, we're spending like a, one of our other accounts, we're spending about $70,000 a week in ad spend in one campaign, one CBO set at 10 K a day.

And our frequency for that campaign is like just under two. It's like a 1.93. Now, some of the ads in that campaign is we have about 30 active ads in that campaign right now.

And some of the ads inside of that campaign have like a frequency, like I think the highest spend there, which spending is about 25,000 a week has like a frequency of like 1.3. And then some of the ads below that, like spending maybe 10,000 a week have a frequency of like three, three and a half X. Now, why is this?

Because some of these ads have different stages of market awareness. Our ad at top of funnel, or I would say top of funnel, but the ad that's getting the most spin, it has a more of an unaware approach and it's reaching significantly more people. And the frequency is low compared to the frequency in some of the other ads.

Now they're both hitting the target CPA we need. It's just one is better at scale for reaching more new people. How do I know it's reaching more new people?

Because the frequency is really low compared to the others. Now the ad that's spending like 10,000 a week versus the ad that's spending like 25, 30,000 a week, that one has a higher frequency. It's still hitting target CPA, but it has more kind of like retargeting messaging in it.

Now, again, from a frequency standpoint, how do I make decisions off of that? I don't, it just simply helps me tell the story that, Hey, this ad is getting an absolute amazingly, you know, good frequency and spending a ton of money. So let's see if we can go a little further in here.

So, all right, cool. Well, I mean, there's not really much of the ads in here. So in this case, this ad right here is getting a frequency of 1.26.

Cool. I mean, I don't have anything else to relative to compare that to. And personally, as long as I'm hitting my cost per purchase, I can care less if that frequency is 10 X.

If your frequency is a 10, but you're hitting your target CPA, then it doesn't matter to me. It just, again, it simply helps tell the story. Now, CPM.

CPM is honestly probably one of the most, I don't know. I would say CPM, it's a useless metric. I'll be honest.

Quite frankly, we've never made a decision off CPM. I personally don't even know why I still have it right here, but there's just, I don't know. It's a useless metric.

I've never made a decision off CPM. I have accounts where the CPM in my winning ad set, I have winning ads with a hundred to $200 CPM in that same ad set of ads with a $12 CPM and $50 CPM. I've never made a decision off of it.

It doesn't define a success of an ad or a failure of an ad. I've seen high CPMs literally crush in terms of target CPA. Whereas I've had low CPMs that did horrible.

CPM is just showing you how competitive that your people you're reaching is. And that's not even really the full story either, but that's just at least how I've perceived it. You're going to pay more to reach a smaller group of people as well.

So if you have a super niche product, like for example, I run Facebook ads to acquire leads for people who are doing 30k a month, at least with their Shopify store and they fill out a lead form. And then my sales team calls them to see if we can help them out. And I'm paying like $180, $200 for my CPMs.

Do I care about that? No, not at all. It personally makes zero sense for me.

Like I don't give a fuck at all. It does nothing in terms of how I manage the ads. So CPM, I do not care about.

And like I said, personally, I don't even know why I'm tracking it. I think it's more of just from a over the years seeing CPM and I'm just like, Oh cool. You know, we were paying per thousand people.

The only thing it tells me is that, Hey, we're targeting either a broader audience or a more defined audience. And again, I'm targeting broad on all of these, but the creative itself defines the CPM. So people who resonate with this ad right here is slightly cheaper than people who resonate with this ad, but this ad is performing 10, like a thousand, 2000 times better.

So for me, it doesn't make sense. Like there's no decisions I've ever made with CPM. So just being fully transparent on that.

Now, going back and looking at the last seven days, you know, you can see right here, I plan to see these father's day campaign. I plan to see the CPM actually shoot up as we get closer to father's day, but I plan to see the C cost per purchase still to remain the same. Why?

Because as we close for father's day is going to be a ton more advertisers, more competitive, but the market is going to be more active and a lot hot, hotter because it's hot, more active. We're still going to hit the same cost per purchase or better, but we might pay in three to four times higher CPMs. It doesn't matter to me.

CPMs are completely irrelevant in any decision I've ever made. I've never based a decision off a CPM. The only decisions I make is based off amount spent and cost per purchase.

What is making us the most money at scale at target CPA? That's all I focus on. All of these other metrics simply helped me tell the story.

I've had ads with amazing cost per purchase and a terrible scroll stop and hold rate. What does that tell me though? There is potential to tweak that ad just slightly to maybe get a better scroll stop, but that does not guarantee me a better cost per purchase.

Just keep that in mind. I've seen ads with terrible CTRs have amazing cost per purchase, what does it tell me? Maybe we can do a couple of things to it, to tweak it, to make it a little bit better when it comes down to resonate with those customers.

That's about it. Frequency. Hey, maybe we, you know, we're struggling to break a level of spin and our, in the frequency, because we have a high frequency, that's showing me that we're starting to target a lot of the same people.

So how do we reach new markets of people, different stages of market awareness? For one of our accounts, we scaled up from a thousand dollars a day to $15,000 a day. We spent four and a half million dollars in 2022 and made them back about $25 million in revenue.

And frequency was used as we were scaling to gauge how saturated we were based off certain markets. So what we did, we opened up to different levels of market awareness. And what happened was we found a new level, the unaware, we made unaware work.

I wouldn't say we tested unaware. I knew for a fucking fact that we had to make this market work if I wanted to keep getting paid by this client. So we spent our good month focusing on getting this unaware market opened.

We tested a bunch of different ads. We finally made it work and then boom, and we're able to scale and make the client more money and made the client happier. And also two minutes more money because we're on profit shares of all of our clients.

So frequency in that situation just simply helped me understand that, Hey, we're struggling to break spin. Why? And it's because, Hey, we're targeting a lot of the same people.

Does that mean when you go test different audiences? No, because we target broad only. It just simply meant that we need to expand our messaging to reach different people based off their mindset.

Market awareness separates people based off their the conversation in their head. Right now you have five different buyers in your right now, right now you have five different people you can target with Facebook ads. They are all having a different conversation in your head and you simply want to reach out to those people and talk to those people based off where they're at, based off the conversation they're currently having.

Some people are unaware. They're completely unaware to your product, your problem, your solve, your solution. So we need to simply start where they're at.

And that's based off a big win they want in life, maybe a big dream they have in life. And how do we recognize that dream and pull them into the problems in our solution? Are there problem where they're currently experiencing a problem and have no clue what the solution is?

You're struggling with Facebook ads because, and you can just not simply figure out how to make Facebook ads work. That's your problem. Or you're solution aware, you know, you need to go set up dynamics and broad targeting and run one campaign, but you have no clue how to do it.

So if I post the video, talk about, about broad targeting and dynamics, you're going to click on it. Now, if I post the video struggling Facebook ads, you're going to completely different buyers going to, or viewers going to watch it. Now, both videos are going to end at the same thing and that's, you need broad targeting dynamic ads, but both of them start at go to complete different mental conversations going on.

So what ultimately happens is, is I reach out to these bigger audiences. There's more people who are struggling to Facebook ads than there's people that know about dynamic and broad targeting. And there's significantly more people who are struggling with their business.

They resent their business right now because like the revenue coming in is horrible. So what do we need to do? Start up, lead into that problem or lead with a really big win.

Go into Facebook ads, go into dynamics and then boom. So I know this is kind of like getting off of metrics I use, but I hope like I'm articulating to you guys how I'm using these metrics to make decisions. And again, if you want to know how I turn off an ad or like when to turn off an ad, a campaign level, or even an ad level, then watch this video.

If you want to know how to calculate your target CPA, your target cost per purchase, watch this video, and then go watch broad targeting time and dynamic creatives in 2023. And that's going to show you how I set up my campaigns. And that's about as much as I can do without literally going, run your ads for you.

And if you're interested in mentoring or coaching, then click the links below where I have, have Nick Terrio, run your ads or have Nick Terrio mentor you. Thank you guys so much for watching this video today, guys. I really hope you all enjoy it.

Drop some comments below because it's, I felt like this is pretty unique video in a way. Uh, but yeah, make sure you drop some comments below. Happy to answer them.

Hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.