The big lie about growing a Shopify store with Facebook ads in 2022. Guys, I have a really exciting video for you guys that I want to dive into today. Really discussing about some of the myths that a lot of people have, these false realities people have about growing a Shopify store with Facebook ads.

And yes, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriault, and I run a e-com growth agency. We help brands go from six figures a month to seven figures a month in revenue. With that being said, everything I provide on this channel is completely for free.

I have nothing to sell you guys. I'm fully transparent with you guys because one day you're going to get to the point where you don't want to do this shit anymore and you'll hire our agency to do it for you. So that's all I have to say for that.

Make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Now let's dive right into this video because that's really exciting points. I want to bring up to you guys, but yeah, let's get started.

So the big lie about growing a Shopify store with Facebook ads in 2022, particularly guys, a few examples, because we work with a lot of Shopify stores, a lot of different brands and stuff like that. And some just come in, they do everything right, and they just blow their business up. And then some don't really do that great.

And before I used to take that very personal as a media buyer thinking I wasn't doing a good job. And I take 50-50 for some of these scenarios is that I do take a lot of accountability to make sure we coach our clients to where they can get to that point. But it also takes some accountability of like, hey, if they don't do this shit, then that's not our fault.

So I'll give you guys a few examples. We have this one client that came in on board. We've helped them scale from 17K a month to over 200K a month in revenue.

Now, this particular client did everything correctly. They came in. They put a lot of pressure on the CPA side and stuff like that and making sure we can grow the business by acquiring a lot of customers at a good cost per acquisition.

But they also understood that cost per acquisition wasn't the leading indicator, and that LTV would be the biggest indicator. Now, what does that mean to you? So you're like, well, what the fuck are you talking about, Nick?

So this client came on board, and at first, it wasn't super profitable with their advertising. Why? They're selling a low-ticket AOV product.

It's like $40. It's extremely difficult to get a 3X ROAS at $40. Usually, it's 2X.

2X is a good roundabout for a $40 or lower AOV product. If you have even lower than 30, you're looking at like a 1.5X ROAS, okay? Now, with that being said, that's not a bad thing, okay?

If you can dial in your LTV, what does that mean? LTV is your customers that you acquire and how many are purchasing other stuff from your business, okay? So the way you guys look at the business is that, hey, I found a product, put a lot of money behind it on ads, and then I see success with it, okay?

But here's what happens. Here's the actual reality of what happens. You find a product, you put a lot of money into it, and you hit all the early adopters and stuff like that in the market, which gives you a really high ROAS for a few weeks.

And then guess what? Everything starts to tank. And you start to actually see more of an average cost per acquisition slash ROAS that you'll see with that product.

And you're like, well, hey, well, I'm only doing a 1.8 with my store. The reason is that you found a really good product to help out with acquisition side, but you haven't done any work yet on the optimization of the post-customer journey, okay? And this is basically where after the customer is acquired, what else are they buying from your business?

How can you increase that profitability from each customer you acquire from the business, okay? So let me go further into this. So your objective is not to get the best CPAs possible because at some level, there's not much else you can do, okay?

You know, we have an account where we tested hundreds of different creatives, copies, things like that. And, you know, we maintain a pretty good CPA, but it doesn't really fluctuate anymore. It's like, boom, that's it.

That's where we accept that. So what we do is instead of putting more pressure on trying to build this, we put a lot more pressure on squeezing out as much as we can from each customer, okay? And a lot of people put this off.

You know, they start seeing some success with their brand and then just sit back and relax. And then guess what? As soon as the performance starts to dip, they freak out and they fail because they didn't put any priority on increasing the back end of each customer that comes into the business, okay?

So here's some more examples, okay? Fashion Nova, for example. Fashion Nova, they built out a few different things to increase LTV, okay?

So their initial CPA, they weren't really too like crazy focused on because they, you know, they're acquiring customers, getting girls to come in, purchasing wants, then guess what? They're releasing multiple other different designs or constantly each market, you know, each season releasing new designs, even each week. And a lot of customers are purchasing from them on that.

So that's one way they increase LTV. Second way they increase LTV is, hey, we're noticing that you guys have a lot of boyfriends or husbands. How about we watch Fashion Nova Min?

And then that allowed them to also purchase that. Now they're really increasing LTV on that side right there, okay? So then further down the line, guess what?

They're still maximizing women. They're maximizing men. And then now, guess what?

We think you're starting to have kids and stuff like that. We're going to release Fashion Nova kids. And they're constantly releasing new items on that.

So they've really did an amazing job at building off that initial acquisition and building out horizontally and scaling the business from a horizontal perspective on new products and stuff like that for the business, okay? So this is vital. And when I talk to a lot of brands about this, and, you know, because sometimes we just do not let clients hold on because if they don't have a good understanding of that, we don't let them hold on as a client because they're going to come in.

We're going to help them scale up. And then they're going to see performance go down because we intend for this to happen. We know this will happen.

And they'll be like, well, what's going on? I'm like, well, you're not doing anything to build your back in. And it's important.

You know, you need a good split on a daily basis between first-time customer revenue and existing customer revenue. Us, it's like a 30, 70 to 60, 40. You can use TripWell to monitor that.

And what that is, I mean, 60% of your daily revenue comes from new customers and 40% of your daily revenue comes from existing customers, okay? This will allow you to be less profitable in your acquisition, which will allow you to spend a lot more, acquiring a lot more customers faster. It's going to be faster.

And then you're going to have, you're going to make all your profits up from your existing customers, okay? On a daily basis, because you don't have to spend any money on them to get them into the door, okay? This is how you're going to grow, still maintain your overall 2X or overall 3X or overall 4X, whatever you're trying to hit for your specific business needs.

Again, every business is different, okay? I have some clients that need a 2X. I have some clients that need a 5X.

I have some clients that need a 3X. Every client is different on what the business needs for a daily marketing efficiency ratio or like overall ROAS and that perspective right there, okay? Every business is different.

It all comes down to your cost of goods, your shipping costs, and all that good stuff. And do you have your LTV and all that optimized or not, okay? So every business is different.

I have some clients that ask me, well, Nick, is a 3X or as good or is it 2X or as? I don't know. It depends on your business, okay?

Your business, your industry, your product, and how well you guys are doing as like selling that product. Are you selling an iPhone 4, an iPhone 13 market? Who knows, okay?

So, you know, not to get too sidetracked off, going back to it is that when you're selling this acquisition side or like when you're focusing on acquisition, don't put it off. We worked with another client for a period of time because we knew this shit was going to happen and we consistently kept showing them what they need to do to build their LTV. And guess what?

Yes, Nick, I'll get to that once we get to here. Yes, Nick, I'll get to that once we get here, okay? And guess what?

Hey, acquisition is starting to average out because they broke through their early adopters. Now they're starting to reach the second tier of people, which I forgot right after early adopters. I forgot exactly what it's called.

But early adopters are just people that you literally just put them in the product in front of your face and boom, they'll take it, okay? Second tier of people, a little bit more skeptical and require a little bit more advertising in front of them to get your product, okay? And guess what?

Performance started to dip, kept telling them what they needed to do, didn't do, got to a point where, oh, hey, Nick, performance was bad. We should just end it, okay? Well, problem was is that they weren't looking at the long-term perspective and they were putting things off.

And I'm not saying here, I'm not trying to pinpoint and show you guys that, hey, you need to be unprofitable as a business for six months before you can scale. What I'm saying here is as soon as you find success, as soon as you find success with acquisition side and you're starting to get some momentum with your product, immediately focus on the lifetime value optimization, okay? So this literally can happen within two days, okay?

Found a product, you launched a product, does amazing, boom. All right, now let's start focusing on the lifetime value optimization side. Because as soon as you get all the products in and as soon as you increase your value of each customer, you're going to be able to grow as a long-term business and you won't have that issue.

But don't wait until you get to certain points in your business to do it. It should be something that you should be on top of everything that you're doing on a daily basis. It should be something that you should be also kind of tweaking every single day and putting a little effort and thought into it to get that long-term success you want.

So hope this video made sense to you guys. I definitely could probably do another one with actually like slides and everything like that. So let me know.

But the whole goal here is that a single key point I want you to take away from this is that, yes, focus on your acquisition. Focus me on profitable acquisition. But long-term, you will not be profitable with acquisition alone.

You need to have a solid customer repeat rate and be focusing on other ways to get customers into the door that already purchased from you to purchase from you again. And then focus on at least a 60-40, 70-30 split on a daily basis with 70 or 60% of new customer revenue and 30 to 40% of repeat customer revenue. Guys, thank you all so much for watching this channel.

Or thank you so much for watching this video. Again, we're on Ecom Growth Agency. Click the link below.

We'll call with me and my team. We'll go over a few strategies for you. And then you can take that and run with it or you'll have the opportunity to work with us if you choose.

You don't have nothing else to sell you guys. So hope you guys enjoy these videos. They're designed to make you more money at the end of the day.

And make sure to like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Theriot.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.