This honestly has to be the most scalable Facebook ad ever. And if you've watched the channel, you should already know about the five stages of market awareness. And if you don't know about the five stages of market awareness, then make sure you go watch the advanced Facebook ads market strategy to scale to $1 million a month, where I talk about the five stages of market awareness and one specifically called the unaware.

Now, the unaware market is easily the most scalable market you can possibly get your hands on when you are creating Facebook ads. And I really want to go dive deeper into unaware ads and more specifically focus on, you know, just the different ways to open up the market and different ways you can leverage it. Now, before I get started with this, I also want to show y'all a unaware ad right here.

This is not one that I created, but we've used unaware ads to scale accounts from $1,000 a day in ad spend to over $15,000 a day in ad spend by simply just leveraging unaware ads because it allows you to reach the maximum potential of your market. But as I've shown in this video right here, it's also the hardest one to open up as well. It's the hardest to sell to and it's the most expensive, but if done correctly, it can unlock serious benefits for your business.

And this is one particular creative right here I found that it just really kind of struck me and made me think, hey, I need to film another video specifically just on unaware ads. I'm just going to play this video flow through it and kind of see what's all going on here, because this is a great example of an unaware ad and also to an unaware ad that was relatively short as well. So let's go first.

First things first is we see, I only wanted to try your beer, dad. I didn't know this would happen. So we have a hook that drives curiosity to make you want to watch more.

You know, it makes you think like, hey, like what would happen here? Like, you know, dog's throwing up in the toilet. Is this going to be a comedy thing?

Maybe something serious will happen to the dog. You start digging deeper into what's going to happen to this particular dog right here. And then this is where we open up an unaware market where, you know, you're not really hitting on any key desires.

You're not calling out any products. You're not calling out any problems as well. You're just showing what I would say a little bit of hidden fear right here.

You know, if you're a pet owner and, you know, you see like your dog throwing up and we say, hey, I only want to try your beer. I didn't know this would happen. We're kind of alluding to something bad is going to happen here.

Now let's go a little bit further into this dog throws up in the toilet. Then there's this video right here. I don't really know.

Like, I guess you could say the dog has passed away here in this video just due to, you know, the owner holding him and then, you know, the owner crying or anything like that. So now we're kind of alluding to, hey, the dog drank the beer, something bad happened. He, you know, it looks like he passed away.

Maybe. I mean, we don't really know. Like, we don't really know that at all through here until they hit the product, which is technically the solution right here.

And now this particular, this is enough context clues through these two videos that they know that, oh, okay, cool. Now I know. So we have unaware, hidden fear, problem, and then solution right here.

That's, that's the three stages right there we went through in this one particular video. Again, we did not make this creative. I just saw it online and that's what I thought.

Hey, I think it'd be a good time to, you know, revisit this particular market right here. Now let's talk a bit more about these unaware ads and why they're the most scalable ads ever. So the best time to create unaware ads is when a product loses acceptance in the market, when a product gets oversaturated, and when a product needs to be reborn.

Now, what does this mean though? So let's just say, for example, you're advertising a product that everyone starts advertising. Let's say I was trying to advertise these wine glasses right here.

And I was the first person to the market advertising wine glasses. And then all of a sudden, everyone and their mom starts selling wine glasses. Well, it's going to be a lot more competitive.

And because it's a lot more competitive, we need a strategic way to open up the wine glass market that is going to separate us. And that's where we can go with an unaware ad right there. Next thing is acceptance.

Acceptance is more so how we view that particular thing at satisfying that desire. So something that's lost acceptance in the market recently is the Amazon and like Shopify and YouTube automation niche, like the automation niche. If you use automation in your any of your ads, it's like, banned immediately, like go look it up.

There's tons of lawsuits around Amazon automation stores and stuff like that. Not saying that everyone who was running and operating a store in the Amazon automation niche was bad. But there was quite a few bad apples that ruined it for everyone.

So like that's a great example right there of losing acceptance. And basically, when these happens, that's when a product needs to be reborn. And how do we reborn a product?

Well, we step out of whatever market awareness we're in, we're probably in a solution where our market. So we go all the way to an unaware market. I know we're kind of skipping the problem where market I know, I know, I know.

But unaware is where we we kind of go into more convincing people now. So like, for example, my YouTube channel is dominantly focused on, you know, people that are already experienced and stuff like that. With Facebook ads, I could start creating more videos now for beginners to start forming and creating a market to where then it revives and reborns all of my material because now I'm reaching a larger market of people.

I look at unaware market as the mindset of people. And when I open up an unaware market, it's a good it's a completely different group of people than I'm currently advertising now. And we have to be very strategic of how we do that.

And I'm going to go over how to do that in today's video. Now, let's be clear here. You can not call out a desire.

You cannot call out your product and you cannot call out a problem. If we look at this particular video right here, there's no problem, no product and no desire being called out here at all. Like we're just simply showcasing a sick dog.

And as a pet owner myself, like this strikes a hidden fear in my body or in my mind. And that's where we're going to go into how do you open up a unaware market? Well, there's four kiwis or kiways.

Kiwis. Yeah, I don't see any kiwis here. But there's four kiways.

Big win, hidden fear, hidden dream, resentment slash protest. So let's just go through these real quick. So a big win, for example, could be like my YouTube channel where I posted a video how buying a Lamborghini URUS with Facebook ads.

I showed off a really big win that's universally accepted. What do I mean by it's universally accepted? That means a large amount of people would look at that as a big win.

Let's just say, for example, if I did a video where I was like, you know, how I won a hot dog challenge. Like that's not going to be a universally accepted big win right there. I mean, obviously for people into like eating a lot of hot dogs and doing those team challenges, I think they're just disgusting.

That's a big win for someone in that niche. But universally accepted? Not really.

Now, next was a hidden fear. And a hidden fear, we leveraged this for one of our clients that we were able to scale from $1,000 a day to $15,000 a day. And we were initially opening up a solution to where market, hey, our product does this, boom.

And we were capped at about $1,000 a day in ad spend. And we had like a 30-ish dollar CPL. And we needed to scale to 10, 15, $20,000 a day in ad spend.

We peaked at $23,000 in a single day of ad spend. And for us, we had to start looking at how we open up an unaware market because the market we were advertising to, it wasn't even a widely known problem. That was the first thing.

We were showcasing a problem and a solution to a very small portion of the market. So we knew we had to go to an unaware market. Now, we leveraged the hidden fear of losing money because losing money is, again, it's a universally accepted fear.

Fear of death, fear of getting sick, fear of getting in a car crash, fear of losing money. These are universally accepted things. These are universal fears that everyone shares.

It's not really specifically niched down to, I fear getting lower than the 3x row out of my Facebook ads. That's not really like a universally accepted fear right there. It's a little too niche.

So we go with something a little broader right there. And certain demographics and certain personas could have different hidden fears, right? So that's also another thing too.

I just want to be very clear on. So for us, we leveraged little known secret about Medicare that could be costing you thousands of dollars. So we called out our market, which was people who were on Medicare.

And then we said, little known secret about Medicare, is that good or bad? You don't really know. It's just a secret.

Could be good, could be bad. That could be costing you thousands of dollars. So we gave them a piece of information.

And then mentally, we had to give them some level of information of where do they classify this at? Little known secret about Medicare that could be making you a millionaire tomorrow. That's good.

Little known secret about Medicare that could be costing you thousands. That's bad. Now they really want to know that secret.

They would want to know about the secret either way. But once we classified that data, they understood where do they put that in their brain. So then from there, they went and like, oh, okay, that's bad.

Let me go take a look at that quick. Now, next one, hidden dream right here. Hidden dream.

This can be, I personally haven't done too much with hidden dream. And I personally haven't done with too much with like resentment slash protest. But let me give you all some examples.

A lot of our ads are focusing on big win and hidden fear. It's just the two easiest ones to leverage. We see a ton of people leverage big wins.

We see a ton of people leverage hidden fears. Hidden dream and resentment slash protest. These are two other ones that are just a little bit more difficult to open, but they're good.

Hidden dream. I'm actually going to use this as a different scenario. A hidden dream can also be seen as a big win, but it's just a little bit more specific, right?

What is a dream that's universally accepted by the market? That's not like, you know, it's still technically like a big win, but also too, it's a little bit more of like a dream right there. Maybe people have a dream of becoming a pro boxer or something like that.

Maybe people have a hidden dream of flying first class. Maybe people have a hidden dream of flying or getting their pilot's license, for example. These are all things that literally for me that are like hidden dreams.

You know, I would love to be, you know, do some pro boxing fights. I would love to, you know, like not fly first class, but get my pilot's license out. These are hidden dreams where like, I don't have strong motivation to go after these things where it's like top of mind.

Top of mind is where like, I'm actively searching up different boxing gyms to go. I'm actively searching up different, what I would say, you know, like schools to go to learn how to get a private license and stuff like that. Whereas a hidden dream, this is more where I fantasize about that thing, but I'm not really taking action on it.

And I'm not really, I have no eagerness and urgency to take action on that thing right there. It's just one of those things that's like, oh, it's cool to carry around with. I'm not really in market to take action.

And I'm more just looking at things like, you know, pro boxer day in the life, for example. I know as Michelle Carr, she did that challenge accepted girl. She did a video around like doing a pro boxing fight or something like that.

Like that was a cool video right there that I liked because it fantasizes about hidden dream right there of me stepping to the ring one day. Next one right there for hidden dream can also be something like, for example, a private pilot. I'm not actively searching up private pilot places to learn how to become a private pilot, but I'm watching videos on like private pilot, landing a plane during like turbulence and stuff like that.

Like it's not selling anything right there. It's just a story, an emotional story to go through right there. Now, next one is resentment slash protest.

And this is more where there's a large resentment in the market that's being unvoiced. And we saw this in 2020 with the riots that happened in 2020. And specifically in the USA right there where, you know, something happened that was a, you know, already a resentment for a particular group of people.

And then from there, once that thing happened, it then, you know, it was enough to basically take someone from unaware to problem aware and people start taking action and stuff like that. So I look for, you know, things in the market that, and this is going to be a very difficult one right here, because this is one that you're talking to people and you're more finding out through conversations and stuff like that. What are these hidden resentments that people have to things?

And then how can you put that together and add to bring those resentments to surface level right there? You know, like, let me just give you an example real quick. I know like for me, I'm, yeah, I'm slipping on a glass of wine right now.

I know every now and then I'll use my little cork thing to like pull the cork out of the bottle to pour my glass of wine. And like every now and then I'll accidentally, you know, I just just break it a little bit to where I pour that first glass, a little bit of cork gets stuck in the, uh, in the glass. And I'm like trying to like, you know, toy it out.

It's just more of a resentment, something I hate, but like, I'm not actively going and searching on Google for the problem and, and trying to figure out a solution for that right there. It's just more something like, you know, I pretty much hate right there. So, you know, just little things right there.

That's more resentment slash protest right there. That's, um, you know, you can, you can really hit on that and stuff. So now let's go a little bit deeper into this.

Um, let's actually write an ad to today, because I really would love for y'all to actually also get some actual value from this. Number one, um, another good thing about underwear ads is that it really helps you out with reaching your maximum market potential. And then also too, it leverages a lot of emotional storytelling.

We already know from this right here. So let's go ahead and actually put something together. We're going to start and let's just actually write a few things.

I'm just going to do like, you know, more specifically focusing on kind of like the Facebook ads niche right here. And let's actually do something simple here and kind of go through this. I'm going to use my book and we're just going to copy all of this.

Control C paste that in here. Here is my sales page for my ebook. Please analyze it.

And when done, let me know. Now what I want to do is I'm actually going to, and start to leverage, um, Claude basically to go ahead and start writing some ads for me. So I want to start off with, like, I already know the main benefit of this book, which is writing ad scales.

Main performance of this ebook is being able to write ads that scale. So a performance is more of like, okay, if you read my ebook, you can write ads that scale, but how does that benefit you specifically? So what would I want to do is what is one benefit of that for the consumer?

And I already know the answer. I also want to, uh, leverage chat, you'd be an attitude to call for this too. All right.

So once the move into being able to write ads that scale is sustainable revenue growth without hitting performance plateaus. This is where we start digging deeper. It's the benefit of the benefit.

So here we talk about ads that scale. All right. So the performance is being able to write ads that scale.

And then the benefit for the customer is that you're going to be able to write ads that scale, a sustainable revenue growth without hitting performance plateaus. So that's one of the benefits of the, you know, the thing itself, reading the book, you're going to write ads that scale, which is going to give, which is going to be able to get you sustainable revenue growth without hitting performance plateaus. I only want to focus on that.

Okay. This is not going after I want. So what I want to do is, so let's do our own manual thinking because Claude's not going where I want.

So a clear benefit of sustainable revenue growth without hitting performance plateaus is more money in their pocket consistently month after month. When a business owner can scale their ads to fighting plateaus, it means they can reasonably increase their revenue. They're making $10,000 a month now.

They can go there to blah. Existing growth in revenue trends are more profit, more money they can take home rather than expecting frustration, income, volatility of ads. Okay.

More profit and more money they can take home rather experiencing frustration, income, volatility of ads that were briefly in this not performing. Okay, cool. So let's focus more on 10 big promise hooks.

All right, there we go. So let's see what we got here. The money multiplier method that transformed my client's business overnight.

From struggling to swimming in profits. How my clients went from breaking evens, taking home six or... All right, let's go.

All right. I really like this one. Okay.

How I started taking home an extra $50,000 per month with my Shopify store. How I started taking home an extra $50,000 per month. All right.

So start. And now we're just going to reverse engineer it. So you do the benefit of the benefit.

That's to get your big win. And then you just literally flip it around and then that's your ad right there. So let's go through here.

All right. Now let's do... Let's go through this real quick.

All right. I'm soon to please... Okay.

How I started taking home an extra $50,000 per month from my Shopify store. So there we go. A big win right there.

We're calling out people who have a Shopify store and how you can take home an extra $50,000 per month. That's the big win. One month, I'd hit 30k in sales.

Next month, barely 15k. It was like being on a never-ending roller coaster. Every time I found a winning product and got the sales flowing, it inevitably hit a wall.

I tried increasing my budget, but the numbers would just get worse. Then I discovered the game changer. Learning how to write ads that I could actually scale.

Last month alone, I took home over $50,000 in profit. Not revenue, pure profit. And it's consistent, predictable, and growing every month.

Introducing ads that scale. Okay. So let me also be very clear here.

This is the solution. This is the product. A lot of people introduced the product and never even introduced the solution.

You have to give people the solution they need before you can give them your product. So here we're showing them, hey, the solution is writing ads that I could scale. That's the solution.

Now, okay. Now I know the solution. How do I do that?

This is where your product comes in play. Introducing ads that scale. The complete blueprint for writing ads that pure put more money in your pocket month after month.

Inside, you'll discover exact templates, blah, blah, blah. I'm not going to go into this, but basically just kind of goes into what they'll discover. I was skeptical at first.

Best investment. Common questions. I tried everything else, but why would this work?

This isn't about tricks to prove insistent writing as I convert to your marketing scale predictably. My niche is different. Don't let another month go by watching your competitor scale while you stay stuck.

Get ads that scale today and transform your business forever. So this is also another key thing right here where I kind of go over those objections, those questions, and then also to the call to action right here. So this is a great example of an unaware ad, particularly for a Shopify market.

So that's a great example for a big win. Now let's go for a hidden fear. What is a hidden fear for a Shopify store owner?

Again, this is where I would really leverage research. Now I really like this one, the nine to five job, because if you're a Shopify store owner and you just went all in with your Shopify store and you quit your nine to five, your biggest fear is having to go back to that nine nine to five. So we're going to leverage this again.

Find my little prompt here. All right. I'm actually just going to start.

Here's where I mean, add start with. Okay. So we're going to start off with this.

So this is how we're going to open up a big fear market or hidden fear market. So we're going to start off with a big promise. So around, I almost have to go back to my nine to five.

Then go to the problem of countless down months. So that'll be the problem. You're a Shopify store owner, you're scaling the business and everything.

And then you have a few months that are month over a month down. Like first thought might be, Oh shit. I'm going to have to go back to my nine to five.

Then the solution of writing ads to scale my business. All good. Very good things right here.

I almost had to close my Shopify store and return to my nine to five until I discovered this. Last year was brutal. After months of watching my store's revenue swing wildly up and down, I was scared applying for job up and down.

I was secretly applying for job interviews. My biggest fear was having to tell my family I failed and crawl back to my old cubicle. One month, I did 30k in sales, clearing the top of the world.

The next barely 15k. Then I discovered the rumors of my store kept being walls. I didn't know how to write ads.

I could actually scale blah, blah, blah. I'm not going to finish the rest just because it's literally carbon copy to this. But you can see right here, this is a totally different perspective right here.

This one, we're focusing on the big win of how we found an extra $50,000 a month for our Shopify store. This one right here, we're focusing on the hidden fear. What is a hidden fear of Shopify store owners?

Oh shit. What if this fails? I have to go back to my nine to five.

That's bad right there. So that's a big one right there we can look at. Now, I'm not going to do over a hidden dream and resentment protest just because again, I don't really approach those markets often.

And I don't really want to write anything for you guys. I just personally have never wrote myself. That's two key ways right there that you could open up a unaware market.

And like I said, this is going to be the most scalable Facebook ad you could ever write. It's the most difficult. It's the most costly.

And the reason why I say it's costly, because it just gets difficult to do. So it can be costly in terms of the number of ads you have to test. But once you find it is always our most scalable ad ever, it's the longest running after ad ever.

And it's also the highest spending ad ever. So I hope you guys enjoyed this. And if you did, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

And if you would love for me to come into your business, do all the research, write all your ad scripts, create the ads, film the ads, and run all of your ads inside of your Facebook ad account and scale your store, then click the link below to book a call with me under have Nick Terrier run your ads. And if you want to hop on a one-on-one call together and me and you both dive into your account and me coach you on a monthly basis, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching.

I hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.