Are you tired of guessing what creative to build next for your Facebook ads account? Well, today I'll be talking about how to build a repeatable creative system that helps you scale your econ brand to $1 million a month in revenue. And with that being said, let's dive right into it.

So the very first thing what I'd like to do inside of my accounts or to building this repeatable system is having a foundation. This foundation is always going to start off with research. Research is the highest leverage activity that you can possibly do when it comes down to being a business owner.

Why? Because it's going to give you your next new product idea. It's going to give you next big ad idea.

It's going to give you more insight on your customer avatar. And one of the greatest ways to just understand how to sell to people is better understand your customer. I like to look at this from sports or for me, I'm in boxing.

I love boxing a lot. I used to play football and all this stuff like that. And we'd spend a lot of time watching game footage of the team we're about to play.

We spend time breaking down a boxer, pass fights and stuff like that. Better understanding the opponent allowed you to defeat the opponent in war and military as well. This is a very common thing right there.

The better they understand the opponent, the better they can prep and be able to execute on that mission right there. Long story short, research is one of the highest leverage things because now it allows you to understand what to say to the customer to get them to buy. It allows you to understand what you need to put in front of the customer to get them to buy in terms of the product.

Yeah. So you need to build a solid foundation of research. Everything is stemmed off research.

If there's no research and no proof on from the research, it shouldn't even be ran. It shouldn't be an ad or anything like that because there's no proof or anything to validate that particular thing. Now, once you have the foundation of research, I've already done videos on this.

If you watch the advanced Facebook ads guide 2025, I did parts one through three where I show you the research and all that good stuff. I would highly recommend watching that video because it's going to give you, I think like an hour of me just live doing research on my channel. But what I like to do is I like to do, I like to go to reddit.com and I like to go on Reddit and I like to just simply search various things.

So like if I know my product is around, I don't know, I think I did one on like cleaning toothbrushes. I did one the other day for a client around like dog hair removal. I'll start searching things up, how to get stronger in the gym, how to grow my biceps.

Why am I making progress in the gym? Why am I plateauing? Best products to put on body mass.

And I'm just going to start searching things up on Reddit, exactly how my customer would likely try to search these particular things right there. And through that research, I'm going to better understand what problems my audience is facing, writing all those down. I'm better understanding what my audience wants.

They don't want to just get stronger in the gym. They want to, you know, they want 23 inch biceps. They don't want to just get shredded for the summer.

They want to have a six pack so they can go to the beach and feel confident and pull the girl their dreams. Those are the things that research will tell you. Now, once I understand that part, I can also start breaking down my different personas of people.

So how to get stronger in the gym. We got little Timmy here, broccoli head, 18 years old. He wants a six pack so he can go to the beach, feel confident, pull the girl of his dreams.

Then we have big bad Chad here who is wants to compete in a bodybuilding competition. And, you know, that competition is going to allow him to progress in his journey, becoming a full-time fitness influencer to where he can retire his family and stuff and start these water routines, morning routines everyone's been doing. So I can start identifying these personas and identifying what they want, what they struggle with, all of those things.

Now that I've done all of that, now I can start going and build out creatives. Now you need to have a marketing operating system in your head of how you think about marketing. And the best marketing operating system I've just came across over the last couple of years is breakthrough advertising.

It's probably the one that if I were to hire someone and they don't know what breakthrough advertising is, I won't even have a meeting with them. They have to have read that book and they have to be able to tell me all about that book before I even have a meeting about with them if they want to work with my agency or work for my agency and stuff. So I've already done a video on that.

If you go watch advanced Facebook ads guide part one, I show you the main key things you need to understand from that marketing operating system right there you need to put in your head. So in this particular case, that's going to allow me how to think about marketing and how to think about positioning my product as the next big thing. This is where I see a lot of people make the mistake at too.

They'll go ahead and they'll just simply like, oh, hey, my customer wants to lose weight. Hey, drink this and you'll lose weight. And it's like, that's not really going to work because there's already been hundreds of people that said drink this and lose weight.

So you always want to create what's called a blue ocean. A blue ocean is like targeting a set of people that they haven't been marketed to before or they haven't had heard that particular message before. And that's what's going to separate you from the crowd.

You know, long story short, I went through a period of time where I went through the whole pickup artist world where, you know, you can co-approach women and stuff like that and said hundreds of things to girls and long story short, all these girls would be used to, hey, you're cute. What's your number? Hey, you're beautiful.

What's your number? But the minute you approach them from a different perspective, it would essentially lower their, like, like disarm them in a way to where it's like they're open now to hearing what you have to say and actually treat the conversation from a completely different perspective. And that's what allowed me to understand about kind of creating these blue oceans and separating yourself from everyone else of how you talk to the customer, what's the messaging you put in front of them.

Because once you understand that and you can say those things, it makes it so much easier to scale. And that's why it's important to have a marketing operating system of how you think about marketing and do all that market research to understand the enemy and understand how to defeat that particular enemy right there. So our customers aren't enemies, but, you know, I like to, I like to kind of get into that, that perspective right there sometimes.

So once you know all that, then actually creating the creatives is easy because now you know exactly what to say to get people to buy. And as far as executing on the actual system itself, now you just have to kind of determine, okay, cool. What steps, mental loops people need to go through to come down to the consideration of us, of buying from me.

This is where I like to look at market awareness, which again, goes back to that marketing operating system. There's five stages of market awareness. As far as like a wear, which is going to be the smallest one right there.

That's people that are already know, like, trust you. They want to buy from you. You're just waiting for the right price.

I can just simply go in like creativeos.com, pull in one of those templates to Canva, and then just simply go ahead and put my offer on it. Buy two, get one free, upload a product photo. I'm done.

I got some really good aware ads right there. For your product aware stage, that's going to be your one stage up. That's people that know what you sell.

They've seen your ads before, but they're not quite sold on you yet. They have hesitation that you have to overcome. These are just a few strategic things that you have to say to convince that person to buy.

This is going to be diswarming any objections. So like all courses are scams. Hey, look, I completely understand that.

I just want to show you that, hey, this is not a course at all. This is actually one-on-one coaching where I'm hopping a call with you, review your ads and give you strategic feedback. It's not just going to be a course I give you and you're going to go out and do it on your own.

I'm also not promising you you're going to quit your job and crush it and stuff. I'm going to show you how to think about marketing and make strategic decisions. That right there is a great example of an objection handling towards like my inner circle, for example.

So objections, questions. Hey, will you be on the calls, Nick? It's like, yeah, absolutely.

I do all the weekly calls. I also do a one-on-one calls. I don't hire any coaches or anything like that.

I'll be on the calls with you. Then you have testimonials, which are going to simply just be success stories right there. I don't need to go deep into that.

Then you'll go into what's called your product versus product. So this is not going to be solution versus solution, product versus product. Product versus product is like I have a Facebook ads agency.

I'm going to compare myself against other Facebook ad agencies. But solution versus solution would be a Facebook ad agency versus a Google ads agency because there are two different solutions of advertising your business to scale. And all I'm going to do is start working my way up the funnel.

So aware ads, I'm going to go create those aware ads. I'm going to go create those product aware ads. There might be five product aware ads.

There might be 50. It just depends. All the objections people have.

I'm going to create one ad per objection, one ad per questions, and a couple different ads for the aware stage. And I'm going to work my way up to solution aware, then problem aware, then unaware. And this way I'm creating big swings.

And this is also going to be per persona, right? So I don't really need to worry about persona driven creatives that are aware and product aware, but more specifically solution aware, problem aware, unaware. That's where those personas really need to shine in terms of, hey, this ad was specifically for guys who want to get stronger in the gym.

Whereas this ad is specifically for girls who want to get stronger in the gym so they can compete in a bikini competition. So they need to be a little bit more specific in that case right there. As far as, you know, creating more of these ads and stuff like I said, creative OSS or creative OSS canva if I don't need to showcase the product in the creative and I just need some B roll.

I'll use what's called a grid bank. I've been really liking grid bank because unlike other B roll places like shutterstock, for example, grid bank is actually specifically filmed on iPhones and stuff. So it actually looks native to the platform.

That's been really cool. And then you can just simply pull that into a cap cut or on your phone, edit on your phone in terms of Instagram, like Reels app or TikTok app. And that way it looks native to the platform right there.

So you're building out creatives that's specific to and camouflage to the feed to where it's introducing these new ideas to people that they haven't heard of before. Now, if we need to actually go ahead and actually get our product into people's hands, what I'll do is I'll create my hook per persona and per different pain points or benefit they want. And then I'll create a hook for each one of those.

And then I'll go ahead and have three key talking points. So what a lot of people mess up with when they hire creators to like incense or bilio and like ship product to people is that they go ahead and they try to send them this really super detailed script line by line. What I find is that there's a balance.

If you give a creator too much info, they just seem too robotic and it's hard for them to be a creator. If you send a creator too little info, then what happens? You just don't get what you don't want or you get what you don't want and it just becomes difficult to use that footage.

So for me, what I find is one hook and three key talking points that they need to hit on. And I'd be I'd be somewhat specific in those talking points and just really understand what do I need to make sure I get to be happy with this. And then I let the creator do the rest.

And a lot of creators on incense is my favorite one right there. And then I'll ship them product and I'll get them to start creating new videos for like that solution where a problem or even unaware angles. Product aware just works really well too, where I'll have a creator like basically talk and answer questions.

So I'll have her like film 20 videos. Each video is a different question that people have about my product. And I'll fill that lower funnel setup right there.

Long story short, you'll see and it's pretty clear now that you'll see that everything that kind of goes through this system here is built upon fundamentals. It's built upon the customer. It's built on, you know, emotions, driving promises and benefits and all those good things right there.

And that's where I see a lot of people mess up and just start throwing random things in our account with no system. This is the exact system we use. And I operate on every week.

If you want to learn more about the system, obviously, number one, I can come into your business and help you set this up yourself with my agency side. Or then I can also do this in my inner circle. I just kind of give you a little bit of kind of coaching, consulting on that sign and help you build all this out.

And both of those links are going to be below. That pretty much covers everything. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. My name is Nick Terry. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.