We've scaled quite a few brands now to a million dollars a month and a couple brands now to a couple hundred thousand dollars a month. There's a couple examples right here, kind of flicking through a couple of results. Yeah, long story short, we've gone through a lot.

And today, I really want to show y'all one of those secrets, which is having a winning offer. Now, I look at a winning offer as more of everything someone gets when they give you their money. I think a very low IQ way to look at a winning offer is, oh, 50% off or buy two, get one free.

And I just don't look at it like that. I look at a winning offer as everything you're giving someone in exchange for their money. So this is everything.

This is the price. This is the value. This is the product itself.

This is how you position it. Like everything goes into a winning offer. So I'm breaking all this down for you guys today.

I got two things right here. I got positioning and then more value than the price than the competitors. And I like to look at both when it comes down to a winning offer.

We'll go through both of those today. So let's just dive into positioning first. And we're going to go into this.

So first thing I like to look at from positioning is four kind of key areas. That's without what they hate from the competitors, offer more than the competitors, goes after a totally different desire in the marketplace, or go after a specific identity of people. And we're going to go over examples for all of these right here.

So let's start off first with this one. So without what they hate from the competitors, we had this one particular client. And, you know, we really looked at like how we could scale this one particular product they had.

And there was already a very competitive market and a lot of people selling this exact same product. So what we did was is we really looked at the competitors, all the competitors selling the same products. And we identified that all of those competitors right there, they all like pretty much all the people like all the negative reviews was like how bad this product tasted.

That's it. So all we simply showed was how like in our ads and our landing page of how amazing this product tastes, how this product tastes exactly like what people were looking for. And that's it.

We have a better offer than them because all their product tastes like shit and there are a whole bunch of negative reviews around it. We're just simply really emphasizing how ours tastes amazing. And guess what?

That positions us as a better offer because if I'm going to pay the same price for both, well, I'm going to spend money with you because you give me more value because you actually give me the taste I'm looking for. So without what they hate from the competitors, very simple. Look at all the negative reviews.

I'm looking for very common negative reviews. I'm also looking for very specific negative reviews. I'm not looking for like, you know, oh, hey, it didn't come in in time or the shipping was bad or just angry face downvote.

Like I'm looking for very specific things because shipping and like these things like that's just to be expected to be fair. Now, next one is offer more than the competitors. This is very simple right here.

This is where, hey, both particular, I'll say it feels like two advertising agencies going head to head and like one advertising agency is promising a two extra ROAS and the other advertising agency is promising a three extra ROAS. Then obviously, you know, they're both charging the same people and go with the agency as promising a three extra ROAS. Just very simple.

Offer more value than the competitors. Give you a great example. Actually, two particular examples.

Example number one, back in December, I purchased my Carvette. And then when September, when I purchased my Lamborghini Urus, both of these cars were out of state. Meaning if you ever purchased the equal state, I don't just drive to a dealership and then do everything like literally just went online, ordered.

I didn't go to anywhere or anything like that. Both of these dealerships that I purchased from two separate dealerships, both sent me paperwork in the mail. Now, one particular dealership sent me paperwork in the mail.

And then once I got it, let's go to like four different places, get a whole bunch of stuff signed and then like go to the post office and ship it back. This other dealership then just sent it to me in the mail. They sent it to a person that I forgot.

I forgot what it's called. A notary where like the notary got the paperwork. The notary went to do all that work for me.

Then literally just came to my doorstep and said sign here and here. Boom, done. Then the notary went and took care of it.

They sent it back to the dealership and like I didn't even have to leave my house. It took me like five minutes total after I purchased that car, where I was like the other car took me like two, three hours to get all that shit done. Long story short, one had a better value, even though they're two different price points of cars in terms of the dealership I purchased from one offered more.

It took care of more of the convenience factor for me. It looked at the things where I always like to tell people, what are the problems that are created for people when they buy your product? And in this particular example right here, they were able to offer more value when I purchased by solving those problems for me that they knew I was going to have.

I'm going to purchase the bedroom and I bought this brand new house a little over a year ago. You know, there's a couple of places that I had to like go bring a trailer, pick up the bed and bring it over here and like have a two story house, carry up the stairs and stuff like that. Then in one particular place I was like, Hey, that's all included.

We're going to drop it to your house. We're going to bring it upstairs. We're going to put it exactly where you want and make sure it's all set up for you.

No additional price. They solved the problem for me and able to offer more value for me that I just didn't want to deal with right there. So offer more than a competitor.

This could be from a promise and benefit perspective, or this could be more from a perspective of I'm going to help them solve some of the problems that they're going to have when they purchase my product. That's going to be another thing right there. Another great example.

I just had to go and purchase a Facebook profile because one of my team members got their Facebook profile advertised access restricted and like literally looked at a few different like ways to, you know, get the like basically the profile, like buyer profile on the black market, not that's that Linda black market and stuff like that. But I bought a Facebook profile from my team members and they had a couple of different of these services you had to use it. To be fair, they're all like very sketchy, but you know, there's a couple that was just like, Hey, here's everything you set up yourself.

And then there was like one of them that I didn't find out till about later. So I just, I purchased from one of these, I was just like, here's everything you got stuff for yourself. Boom.

And I found out about one after I purchased this profile that literally does it all for you and just gives you the login and password and tells you what you need to change in terms of the login and password. So that way they don't have access to anymore. And that's it.

Both of them, the same price, but one of them took the steps of like getting a proxy, getting incognition, getting the profile logged in, same cognition, and everything's where you just have to change the password to it. So they didn't have the access to anymore. And guess what?

Both of them are the same price, but one offered way more value. So again, from a promise benefit perspective, or what problems are created when people purchase your product, you want to look at those two things right there. Now, next one is going after a totally different desire in the marketplace.

This is a really great one right here where it's like, again, this is also from the positioning perspective where it's okay. Hey, we, this one particular client come on board. It's like April of 2023 and April, 2023, they were stuck in a hundred K a month for a couple months.

And, um, you know, I think peak November of 2023, I think we got them to all $2 million in a single month. And they've crushed every sales goal. They made like 10 times more money than they originally expected to make with us when they signed on as an agency client.

And when they came on originally, they were just hammering this one key desire for a while now they were hammering, you know, it was like the stress relief angle. And so it was all of their competitors. So they weren't speaking anything to anyone differently.

They had the same pockets of competitors and they were speaking to everyone the same as their competitors. So it was nothing different here now, because there was nothing different here in terms of the people that were going after everyone was seeing the same as all that good stuff right there. So we had to go find a totally new market of people we could push to.

And this created a whole new kind of perceived as a whole new offer for people because we just changed up the people we were going after. But in this particular case, we switched it to desire for a fun girls night. None of the competitors were marketing to a fun girls night.

And guess what? We exploded over the scale. We found a winning ad and it crushed it for the business.

Obviously, the only thing we changed was change the desire we were marketing to. Now, next thing from positioning perspective is going after a specific identity of people. This is where you take a core desire and you go just one level deeper.

So great example here is, you know, I've been in the agency game now since like 2018, 19. That's my first client as my Facebook ads agency. Back in like 2015, I saw the early days of like Facebook ad agency start to bloom and people start pitching clients and stuff like that.

And originally, people were just like, hey, I'll run your Facebook ads. That's it. And like you could close clients off of that.

And, you know, now when I hop on calls with people, it's like, well, they don't ask me, hey, do you know how to run Facebook ads? They already know that, right? But they ask me more specific questions like, hey, do you like know how to run ads specifically for a supplement brand?

Do you know how to run ads specifically for a high ticket fashion brand? So one thing that this does is it goes to a stage five market sophistication, which is identity marketing. Identity marketing is more where you start looking at niche groups of people that share core interests or share core, I'm going to say like an interest.

I guess you could say that in that particular case. So originally, because the Facebook ads market was so small, you just had to say Facebook ads. But now you have to be like, hey, we run Facebook ads specifically for supplement brands.

We run Facebook ads specifically for CBD brands. The few CBD agencies I know blew up the minute they started pushing that, hey, we know how to run CBD ads, because guess what? Barely anyone knows how.

And all of these CBD companies are just sitting there like, hey, we just need someone that knows how to run a Facebook ad specifically for CBD brands. So the few agencies I know that crushed it there, they blew up extremely fast. We cracked the code for CBD as well.

And the minute we did it for one brand, guess what? We had five referrals from him and all of his buddies, because they're all like, here's all my buddies that also have CBD brands that specifically need help with Facebook ads. So going a niche level deeper from an e-com perspective, Black Rifle Coffee Company, they're probably one of my favorite examples of this.

And I forgot the guy's name, but anyway, he was ex-military, went serve in the war and all that good stuff. And he wanted to start a business and he really liked coffee. He had interest for coffee, he had interest in the military.

And he was like, huh, there's no coffee company specifically for the military. And he launched Black Rifle Coffee Company. And guess what?

If I have an interest in the military and I drink coffee every day, I'm going to be much more wanting to buy from Black Rifle Coffee Company over Starbucks, over, you know, CC's Coffee, Java Coffee, like all these other brands, because this brand represents me and my identity, my interests, and they put two to them together. So it's going after a specific identity of people where you don't need a superior product. You can have the same product as everyone else.

You're just going one level deeper of, hey, this group of people plus a sub interest or this group of people plus like more specifically a niche of theirs. This is very powerful right here from a positioning perspective. Now, these are a couple of ways to position the offer differently.

Now, let's go and look at another one, which is more value for the price than the competitors. Now, this is the next level to it. So you got me in, you got me hooked and let's assume there's no competitors.

Then great. Cool. Like I'm sold.

I'm buying from you. But then there's more value to the competitors. And I don't know why I have this free text thing right here.

These are only two major things I like to look at. Same price, but you get a bundle deal with another product that will further help you with the result you want or, you know, a discount to be fair. Like this is still where like discounts work and stuff like that.

So I'll give you all two examples really quick from more value than the price of the competitors. When I first launched my inner circle at, I think it was like $500 a month. I first launched, dude, I want to say like, I think like after two months, I had like a hard drop off, like 50% of the people, um, to be fair, there was a lot of people because I was only limited to $500 a month for the first 25 people.

And I think like 12 people dropped off after the second month. And it was more specifically because they felt like the value wasn't there. So I had to raise the value to keep people and retain people, the product literally, all I did was two things.

Number one, I started compiling a list of like lessons and stuff that are very private to like, you know, key lessons specifically for them and start making like a course. And then number two, I offered all the students one 30 minute call a month with me. And then guess what?

My retention went all the way up to like 80%, 90% in terms of people that are staying with me. Now, the average member stays with this for three to six months right after they sign in because they get so much value upfront. It's a no brainer offer for them.

We have people that's been in the program for over two years now because they love it so much, the amount of value they get every single month. So sometimes it's not a, Hey, you know, I need to lower the price. It's just, how can we offer more value?

You know, example, exactly what I said earlier about increasing like the perceived value with, you know, the car companies I was talking about where I was like, you know, one actually took care of all this other stuff for me that the other one didn't or the bed example where all these others had to like bring the bed back home. And then this particular company included that in the price. So how can you offer more value?

Not necessarily from a price perspective. That's the key thing there. It's not, I don't want to beat people on price.

You know, to be fair, like my inner circle, my mentorship is a thousand dollars a month. It's more expensive than a lot of these other gurus on the market right now. But these other gurus on the market, they hire coaches to reply to their questions.

They hire coaches to do the one-on-one calls. They hire coaches to do the weekly calls. I still do the weekly calls.

I still respond to everyone's questions. And I also still do all the one-on-one calls. So from a value perspective, yes, the other ones are cheaper.

Nick beats them, though, because he's still the one doing it. You see where the value is there? That's what people are looking for.

They're looking for the most value for their money, even though mine can be sometimes two to three times more expensive. No one else is offering it actual one-on-one calls with themselves at that price. So, you know, they were going to try to do a one-on-one call if any of these people probably charge them $2,500 to $5,000.

Whereas Nick, you get that included in his thousand-dollar month subscription right there. So just from a value perspective, you get more value in my program. Now, discount.

I'm not a huge fan of discounts, just to be fair. I think it's just a race to the bottom when you start offering discounts. Obviously, you'll go a long period of time.

You'll do an offer, have a huge month. Like you'll do a discount and do a huge month and stuff like that. And then, you know, it's just like, cool.

And then like that becomes the new norm. And then you're like, huh. All right.

What can we do to excite things again? Let's do another discount. And you do another discount and then it goes back down.

And it's just like, it's almost like someone who's addicted to drugs or like they're chasing that high again. And they just happen to do more and more and more. Like if you ever notice anyone that's like, did to like drugs or alcohol or something like that, like they have to do a lot more to get the same kind of close to the same results.

And I just, I look at that with a discount right there where it's like, cool, you do 10% off for the first time. It crushes. And then like the next time you do it, it doesn't really do much.

So then you offer 20% off and it crushes and then you do 20% again. It doesn't, then you do 30% and it crushes. And then eventually you just, you're at a race in the bottom.

And I just, I don't know. I'm not a huge fan of discounts. There's sometimes where it makes sense.

We were working with this e-com brand where we increased our AOV a lot because you know, they were all, people were already coming in and purchasing multitude of products from them. And we just simply did some bundle deals to where it was like, Hey, you're already going to purchase a couple of these shirts offer. Like now the, the deal we offered was like buy three, get one free.

And it worked extremely well. Cause we're just incentivizing an action they were already doing. So if I do a discount, it's like giving my dog a bone.

I always make them sit before they get the bone. I don't just give them the bone. So it's like, if they're going to get a discount or they're going to get some money off, are they going to get a bundle deal?

It's because it's going to incentivize an action I want them to take. That's the key thing there. So these are all the key things we've done.

So a lot of our clients scale to million dollars plus a month, specifically in the e-com space. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Then subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you want me to come in your business and help you run your Facebook ads, click link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads. If you want to work together a one-on-one type basis where I mentor you and help you scale from there, then click link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.