I spent over $10 million on Facebook ads in 2022, and we only used broad targeting. And today, I wanna bring you guys the ultimate guide to broad targeting in 2023, as we will never use interests, lookalike, or retargeting audiences again. And I want to bring you the data.

I wanna bring you the guide. I wanna bring you the scientific reasons why it works so well. I wanna bring all that good stuff over to you guys today.

And we've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. If you're new to the channel, I run a Facebook ads agency. I also coach and mentor students.

So click the links below, have Nick Terrio mentor you, or have Nick Terrio run your ads for whatever one you need help with. So before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. With that being said, let's dive into the video.

So the ultimate guide to going broad with Facebook ads in 2023, never test another audience. Again, this will be very exciting for you guys. Just to show you guys a few examples too.

This is one of our clients. We did $25 million in revenue with $4.5 million in spend. Purely just broad targeting.

A men's clothing brand, where we did $5 million in revenue, $1.2 million in spend. Purely broad targeting. And then lastly, a subscription mushroom supplement, where we did $1.9 million in revenue, but $7.3 million in spend with purely broad targeting.

Oh, and also too, another one where a kid's sports product, where we did, you know, literally $6.1 million in revenue with $1.7 million in ad spending. So long story short, it works for us. And you're probably asking yourself, well, why is broad targeting work so well?

No more wasting budget on audience testing, higher scaling potential, higher level focus of what moves the needle. I'm a super big guy on focus and, you know, highest leverage actions. And then lastly, more consistent results over a long period of time.

We have very consistent results, whereas we find that a lot of people struggle with a lot of inconsistencies on Facebook, and we have very consistent results over a longer period of time, okay? So just to clarify really quick, broad equals location plus gender plus age. So USA, men, 21 to 50, okay?

That's it, all right? That's what broad targeting is. I'm not putting interest in there.

I'm not putting look-likes in there. I'm doing none of that, okay? And again, I have not done a single interest or look-like in all of 2022.

I started using broad targeting December of 2021, and it's been one of the biggest things we've implemented into our business. Now, there's a misconception across the market that Facebook will put my ad in front of a poor quality audience, okay? That's the biggest reason why people do not like broad targeting, because, hey, Facebook will put my ad in front of a poor quality audience.

And what I say to them, that is completely false, okay? Broad just sounds bad due to the name. And because of that, that's why I like to tell people unrestricted targeting, okay?

Because we're not restricting the algorithm from learning, and then that way we can maximize Facebook's learning potential and AI platform to drive us the most amount of money it can, okay? Now, let's just first look at the Facebook algorithm, because if you don't know how the Facebook algorithm works, then what's gonna happen is ultimately, you're not going to trust broad, you're not gonna understand how it works, and you're not gonna have confidence in it. If you can't have these three things, you can't be sold on it, and you're just, you're not gonna want to watch broad, or you're not gonna want to leverage it.

So first thing we have to understand is that when you launch a Facebook ad, you create the copy, the creative, the headline, and you launch that Facebook ad, all right? Facebook immediately analyzes that ad and starts to pull out key things. It looks at the creative, it looks at the copy, and it looks at the headline, even looks at your website.

And it pulls out, I don't really want to say keywords, because it also pulls out like the colors in the image. It pulls out what's in the image, cereal, for example, in this ad, super collagen protein, wrinkles, because we talk about wrinkles in here, hair growth, because we talk about hair growth in here, we talk about weight loss. It pulls out more characteristics of that particular ad, keywords, characteristics of that particular ad, okay?

And you guys can actually do this yourself. You can go on this website called imagerecognize.com, and essentially what you can do is you can upload an image. So I just uploaded this image right here for one of our products, and I uploaded it, and this is what it told me.

Advertisement, poster, person, okay? So it recognizes there's a person in there. They're showing it's a woman, it's an adult, female.

So it started to label out particular characteristics. Now, the Facebook algorithm is 100 times more powerful than this, okay? This is a low level of what's in the image, whereas Facebook is 100 times more powerful than this.

So multiply this by 100, you know, Facebook can see the girl smiling or sad, you know, and it can look further into what's inside of this particular, like, content and stuff like that. Like, you know, everyone's been talking about chat GPT. Facebook leverages those high-level AI, artificial intelligence algorithm to really pinpoint everything specifically in this ad, okay?

So then what's gonna happen is, from there, is that Facebook starts to categorize people based off those specific characteristics, okay? So weight loss that's in this ad, okay? So Facebook's gonna start targeting people who are into weight loss products based off the content they've viewed on Instagram and Facebook, and also to some of the websites and stuff like that they've viewed, all right?

Super collagen protein, people who likely use protein, also people who likely use collagen, wrinkles, people who likely struggle with wrinkles, okay? So now Facebook categorizes this ad into four buckets of people that it's gonna start to distribute this ad to. And I'm talking about, this is literally like, your ad didn't even go live yet.

Your ad did not even go live. This is ad in review, okay? Now, when your ad goes live, the algorithm, again, wants to make you more money, all right?

There's a belief in the market that Facebook does not want to make you more money. That is false, okay? Facebook wants you to make a fuckload of money because if Facebook helps you make a fuckload of money, they're gonna make a fuckload of money off of you because you're gonna spend a fuckload more ad spend, okay?

So when we did $25 million last year for one of our clients, we spent $4.5 million in spend. We spent that 4.5 million because we worked with the algorithm, okay? Whereas that client was working against the algorithm and doing everything possible to work against it before we came aboard and they were stuck at $1,000 per day in ads, okay?

So just to put in that perspective too. So what Facebook does here is that when you launch your ad, it serves it to 100 people, for example, okay? Puts the ad in front of 100 people, then what it does is it audits those 100 people, all right?

And it splits people into two buckets. The people that are happy about it, loved it, and the people that hated it. And what Facebook does is it takes those, out of those 100 people, let's say 50 go here, 50, 50 go here.

Facebook then figures out the characteristics of these 50 people and starts to remove them off the list of potential people to serve the ad to, okay? So hey, we're not gonna put the ad in front of people like this anymore. These people loved it.

So we're gonna continue to put the ad in front of these people. And then we're also going to start to branch our characteristics off a little bit. So Facebook consistently does this to consistently find the people who enjoy your ad every single day.

Even if your ad is active out of learning, it still continues to do this, okay? That's how the algorithm works to continue to serve your ads to people, find new people, things like that, okay? So when you say go broad targeting, but Facebook does all of this, it's not necessarily broad targeting.

You're just essentially unrestricted targeting. You're not limiting AI technology to learn to figure out who to serve your ad to, okay? And just to show you some more proof right here, just to further like actually articulate that, this is the same ad in the same, or two different ads in the same exact ad set, same copy, everything, literally just a male in this photo, a male golfer and a female golfer.

That is it, all right? This ad right here, 6% of spin went to female, and then 94% went to male. This ad right here, 76% of spin went to female, about 39% went to male, okay?

Now, in this particular case right here, you can see females substantially jumped up because we're showing a female golfer, okay? Females were just passing by this. Now, male also served to male, good bit, substantially more than the female to male ratio here.

Why? It's an attractive female in playing golf. This particular ad right here actually drove substantially more revenue to the business than this ad right here.

Why? Because this ad is hitting two key markets, the female market and the men market at the same time, okay? So Facebook finds the audience based off people who resonate with your ad.

So when you launch an ad, Facebook builds audiences of people internally. You'll never access this, you'll never see this, but internally builds ads, audiences based off each individual ad. So you could have, you know, if I launch these two ads in the same ad set, this ad is dominant male, this ad is dominant female.

So this ad's reaching more of our male population, this ad's reaching more of our female population. So that's internally it creating audiences based off of the ad, okay? Now, another example, go look at your feed.

Go look at your Instagram explore. Your Instagram explore will likely showcase all things that you're interested in, okay? Go look at your TikTok feed.

It shows you shit you're likely interested in. Go look at your Facebook suggested posts. It shows you shit you're likely interested in.

The organic algorithm is already doing this for you to showcase you relevant content on your timeline based off what you're into, okay? You think the ad algorithm that makes Facebook hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of millions and billions of dollars every year is going to be better or worse than the organic platform that does nothing for them. It's gonna be substantially better in that case because that's gonna make them substantially more money.

And lastly, Facebook wants you to do good. You know, Facebook needs you as an advertiser because it gives them content to entertain their customers, people scrolling on Facebook. And then it also understands if they can make you money, you'll spend more.

If you spend more, they make more money. Everyone's happy at the end of the day, okay? Now, going a little bit more further into this because now that you understand the algorithm, now you kind of understand, you know, the how broad targeting works and all that good stuff right there.

Let's go a few other things. One, Facebook wants you to go broad. Facebook has removed interests.

You know, I made a fuckload of money off this romance interest particularly. And we, you know, Facebook ultimately at the end of the day just removed it from our account because it removed that interest, okay? And that made us lose a lot of money because we weren't set up for broad targeting as just years ago, okay?

Second thing is that this automatic expansion, you can see right here, custom audiences, you know, this is basically like look like expansion right here. And detail targeting, this is basically, you know, interest expansion, okay? The thing about this is that you cannot turn it off or on.

It's automatically applied, okay? And because it's automatically applied, it did start off as an option. Then it started off, then it went from start off as an option to automatically checked.

Then from automatically checked to now, it's just, you can never turn it off. Well, they just released this now for custom audiences. Reach people beyond your custom audience when it's likely to improve performance.

What does that mean? That basically means is that if you're targeting website visitors 30 days and you have this on, Facebook will go outside of that audience and target whoever the fuck they want that it's likely to improve performance. Now, again, just going back to my little story, it removed this particular interest that we were very profitable on.

And then we had to ultimately go broad for this particular ad account, okay? Now, again, another thing is broad has higher scaling potential, okay? So let's say, for example, this interest, you know, these four different or three different examples right here.

Your audience is the blue, okay? That's the people that will buy from you on Facebook. Now, if you use this interest, let's just say, for example, interest right here, you can only reach about 40% of those people in the blue with that particular interest, okay?

So ultimately, you're gonna get to a point where you spent past these people and you're just spending instead of gray and you're no longer making money, okay? Then you have the lookalike right here or whatever you wanna call it. It's barely getting 10% of our market, okay?

So whereas broad, there's zero limitations on our audience. So we never have to worry about finding new audiences. We never have to worry about going higher levels of lookalikes.

We simply just spend. I never worry about interest, or broads or like audiences like that anymore. Now, again, which one could you spend more on?

Well, this one's reaching about 40% of your market. This one's reaching all of your market. So which one could you spend substantially more on?

That's the question. Now, again, this is just how you can double, you know, 5X, even 10X your spend in short periods of time and stay profitable. Now, going back to those people who said, hey, Nick, I tried broad, but it didn't work.

So I do wanna go over a few different things for that because I personally had a lot of failure as well before it starts working for me. And I wanna showcase all that, okay? Ultimately, at the end of the day, you just have to select broad and test a bunch of ads on it until you find what works for you, okay?

But I'm gonna show you an account right here. This is an ad account that we recently just took over that was doing interests, lookalikes, these crazy, crazy, crazy targeting setups and stuff. You can see that our campaign purchased this right here.

Now, it was active during this period of time. It's just off now because we're not using it. But what we did was is we just came in the ad account, we created this prospecting campaign, we left their existing campaign on, and then we just created this prospecting campaign.

We start off at about 100 bucks a day. It's about $2,000 a day now at the time I'm making this video that we scaled it up to. And we just created one main ad set inside called broad where we did broad targeting, just age, gender, location, simple as that.

And then we put our six best ads in there, okay? Now, these are the ads that currently work. So we looked at the last 30 days for this particular campaign and we looked to see what ads had the highest level of spend and which ads performed the best.

And we pulled three to six of those ads inside of our main ad set. And then we just let it run, okay? Now, after that happens, then what we wanna do is we wanna start testing new DCTs in there.

So this is another campaign right here, another like different account where we have our main ad set and we test new dynamic creative tests inside of there to find new winning ads to continue to drive down that CPA that we're looking for, okay? Now, if you wanna actually figure out how to do that, then simply just watch this video, 10X Performance with DCTs. And in that video right there, I'm gonna showcase all of that specifically for you of what you need to know from the creative testing standpoint and how to run DCTs.

Now, number four is continue to keep investing in too broad until it works. I see a lot of people call broad early. I recently, I started looking at more testing and stuff and usually the first three to five days, broad doesn't perform well.

But then over a period of time of like 14 days, it starts to really pick up, okay? So starting off, it starts off slow. It takes a bit longer to learn, but then once it does, it starts to essentially really work well in your accounts, okay?

And then obviously, as you start to make the campaign profitable, you wanna start increasing spin 20% up, 20% down depending on performance, okay? Now, Nick, does broad work on a brand new ad account? Yes, it does.

I find that this is the most important account ever to go straight to broad because, you know, typical of a new account, you might have a certain set budget to deploy at the beginning. Let's just say, for example, it's, you know, $3,000. If you spend 50% of that budget on $3,000 on audience testing and the other 50% on ad testing, you're gonna waste $1,500 basically, okay?

Winning ads is what you need to scale an account, not winning audiences. So in that case right there, if, let's say, for example, you have 10 ad concepts to test with $3,000, but you wanna test audiences well, you can only test five ad concepts and, you know, five audiences. Whereas if you have that $3,000 and do zero audience testing, you just go straight to broad, you can test the full 10 ad concepts because now you have more budget to test on what actually drives performance and that's the creatives and the ads itself that you're building in the account, okay?

Now, again, broad doesn't work for me. Another thing that this is likely due to is because you're terrible at creating ads and I'm just stating facts as reality because in that case right there, a lot of accounts have audited. Oh, Nick broad doesn't work for me.

Their ads are dog shit, okay? Really dig deep. What type of ads would they click on?

What type of headlines would grab their attention? What type of visuals would resonate with them, okay? What type of terminology do I need to use that would resonate with them?

All of these key ad thing, building fundamentals, you need to be good with, all right? Nick, audiences work better, okay? I've seen audience work better in accounts that people tell me that and when people tell me that, this is their test.

They run lookalike, interest, and broad. They run them all three and 100 bucks a day. Interest and lookalikes will start working well for the first week and they're like, all right, yeah, lookalike, interest, and look, work better.

I already told you guys the first three to five days, broad doesn't really do shit. You need to look at like a 14 to 30 day basis, okay? Now, another thing is that what we find is that broad targeting obviously takes a little bit longer to get moving, but broad targeting will at first look worse, whereas interest and lookalikes will look good at first, okay?

But if you zoom out and look at a 30 day, 60 day, and even 90 day window, we'll see that broad will look substantially better. Interest and lookalikes will look worse, okay? Now, why?

Well, if we go back into our little chart right here, as we spend more money on these interests and lookalikes, there's less room for Facebook to find those winning audiences because we're, like, those winning customers because it's, the size is too small, whereas Facebook still has substantially more room to spend in this broad targeting setup, okay? So, over time, broad targeting will continue to look better because now Facebook can hit all of your customers, whereas interest and lookalikes, they start performing well, but they keep decreasing or decaying the more you spend on it because you're losing people that you can potentially target, okay? So, that's what we find with that in terms of that particular objection right there.

And just a quick recap, you know, you're building a weak foundation, essentially, for using lookalikes and interest inside of your ad accounts. We've already established the fact that Facebook wants a win for you, plus the user serving relevant ads. So, oh, hey, Nick, you know, Facebook's against me.

I need to go, you know, tell Shopify to put my product at like $5 to convince Facebook I only have a $5 product. Like, bullshit. It's all fuckery, okay?

Interest lookalikes give great short-term results, but fail at higher levels of spend. So, that's another big thing right there. And if broad targeting doesn't work against your current ads, keep testing new ads against it and build better ads.

You need to look at broad targeting like a mutual fund investment that you can continue to invest money in and continue to make it work inside of your ad accounts. So, what's gonna happen now? Two things that'll happen now.

Is that you're gonna get really excited now. You feel like you found the hit, you know, the hidden gem of Facebook. And what's gonna happen is you're probably gonna pull a few of your ads, launch a broad campaign.

And there's a 50-50. 50-50 of just those ads that you already have in your account that are working well, will crush it and do amazing. The other 50% chance that they won't do anything, okay?

Now, in that case, do not feel discouraged because even I still have that issue. You know, every time we get a new ad account for our agency in terms of like a new client to come on board, 50% of the time, we can just launch a broad campaign, put their existing ads, it works. The other 50%, it does not work.

Now, if that does not work, we don't get discouraged and we don't question our strategy and we don't change shit up because that's not what we do. What we do is that we work the system. We work and continue to improve.

So then what I'll do is then I'll continue to launch new dynamic creative tests with high compelling, high converting ads. I have plenty of videos on my channel to show you how to build high converting ads. I'm actually about to share a case of you in this slideshow right here.

And what you wanna do is you wanna look at investing in broad for at least 30 days. Commit to broad for 30 days, okay? You can create a secondary campaign for this.

You don't need to do it in your main campaign, but just commit to broad for 30 days in a single campaign, okay? I recommend trying to spend at least $100 a day. If you can't afford that, then you can go lower, obviously, $50, $25, $75.

But the goal here is do not cut back. Whatever you commit to for 30 days, do not lower. Regardless of performance, do not fucking lower it, okay?

Let it run, all right? Because this is how you're gonna commit to it and then you're gonna work your ass off to make it work, okay? This is ultimately what we do for all of our accounts when a client comes to board, okay?

We don't sit there, oh, well, maybe bra is on the way to go. No, we know it works. What we know, though, is that it dictates the quality of your ads.

So we're gonna focus on building new ads every week. We'll test one new dynamic creative test a week to find those new winning ads on broad. And the outcome, obviously, you'll have an audience that can scale faster and higher.

You won't spend another dollar on audience testing. You'll cut down your time in the ad account by 60 to 75%. And you'll be focused on actually, you know, on creating new ads weekly and actually drive the needle.

You'll also never have to worry about another interest being removed that will wreck your business, okay? Now, let me leave you guys a few videos to watch from me. For all those who are like, Nick, why don't you do retargeting?

Here's a video for retargeting in that case right there. Why we don't do retargeting? It's like a 30-minute video with proof.

Here's another video on the dynamic creative test, how we leverage those each week. 10x performance of DCTs. It'll also show you two new videos inside of there.

It'll also show you how to run those dynamic creative tests as well. And then lastly, how to create Facebook ads that convert. 2022 full guide.

This still is relevant today in 2023. So all of this will help you out. All of this will help you become a better Facebook advertiser.

And last words is, if you're still on abroad targeting, now's the time. Get on it. Start pushing it.

It's not like it's going to go away. It's not one of those things where it's like, oh, it's too late to get in. No, it's always going to be around.

But the problem is, is now you have the opportunity to start to invest into it and make it work. Or one day, your interest will look like it's going to be removed. And then you're forced to just jump off a cliff and build a power show on the way down.

So which one is more stressful? Which one is better off to go? And especially for those who want to spend more money on Facebook ads and break through revenue barriers, this is definitely essentially very important right here.

So thank you guys so much for watching the video. Again, I've done over $50 million in revenue with Facebook ads. I run ads for clients.

Also coach students. Click the two links below to, you know, figure out which one is better for you. And then also too, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you guys for watching. My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.