I'm finally facing it all, fearless Yo, happy money Monday everyone. What is happening? Welcome back to the vlog.

I know you probably won't be seeing this like Thursday, but just got out of a meeting, a little sales call, you know, auditing an ad account, doing ad agency things. Check this out. It's been a solid vibe all morning because I've been just leaving the door open because it looks like an ice box in here this morning.

So just left the door open so you can hear the nice waterfall. And I've just been in here vibing, like I said, crushing some agency stuff. And yeah, goal for today is to try and get a workout in because I'm absolutely disgusted with myself right now in terms of my body composition.

So lately I've been going run, then get back here to the weights, start doing a little bit of weights and dying weights, some bands and just dying, not wanting to finish. So today I'm going to do my old self and just crush weights and then go for a run with whatever remaining energy we have. That's the plan today.

And we'll take you guys through that. About an hour or so now, and now it's time to jump into this workout. I'm so hyped up for it.

And here's what we're going to do. We are going to grab our Well, it's just great. Go's pre-workout.

And just a little heads up, I did order and receive and tried out the new Bubblicious Ghost pre-workout. Pretty damn good. I ended up ordering it for Jake for his birthday.

And I may order me some after, not sure yet. But here we go. So before I take the scoop, the plan of today's workout is we're going to smash that like button.

So smash it a few times and it will be swollen as hell. I'm kidding guys. While I take the scoop though, let's get one like for this video.

One little hit that button. Let's see. Da-da.

Mmm. Ah. Mmm.

Alright. We are good to go now. But the plan of today's workout is We're not going to run first.

We're going to lift weights first. And then if we have some time, we'll do a little bit of cardio. But primary goal today is smashing some weights.

Smashing some body weight movement actually because we don't have any weights. But chest, shoulder, and try is the goal for today. Because once this quarantine's over, your ball weight's going back to a three day split.

And we're going to start balking. Lean balking though. So that way I don't put on I'm actually going to lose a little bit of fat.

Put on a little more muscle. And get swell as hell. In fact, just to make this even better, let's go ahead and get the tripod.

Just for like old time's sake. Hey, what's going on? Phoenix?

How you do, buddy? He's just chilling. Loves this little spot right there.

But let's grab my tripod. Let's do this old time. Commentary.

Cue it in. 3, 2, 1. Let's go.

You guys are probably seeing maybe one of the last home workouts you'll ever probably see on this channel. You know, fingers crossed. Everything goes back to normal.

We don't have any crazy rebounds or anything like that. But the gyms are opening up Friday. This is going up on a Wednesday.

Gyms over here will be opened back up on a Friday. And I am so excited. And not only that I'm excited the gyms are opening back up, I will be training at a completely new gym.

So, it's going to be a very different experience for me. New experience. It's going to be cool.

It's going to be fun. And I honestly cannot wait to get back at it. Because right now, your boy probably put on probably like 5 or 6 pounds of unwanted weight during this quarantine.

And literally over the last 2-3 weeks since getting in the apartment, I've pretty much dropped all working out. Like, this is my first workout that I probably did about 4 or 5 days. But I just need to do something to activate my muscles and stuff.

Feel good. But, your boy is about to go on a very harsh cut for about 30 days once this thing, once the gyms open back up. And I know I started this whole series with going after, going training, weight, you know, dieting and stuff, daily blocking and everything.

And I really wanted to do it. But honestly guys, I let my mindset get over me. I let my mind control me.

I pretty much kind of failed at that. I didn't stay true to my word. Basically, I just lost lack of notice of motivation with all this.

I wanted to kind of just chill out a little bit longer, give myself a little bit of a break. I've still been working every day and stuff. But I really haven't been hitting my goals as full force.

I want to. But luckily, over the last few days, I've been regaining that momentum and stuff. And I'm really excited to get back.

I think just the overall, I've started kind of hitting, you know, kind of hitting a low with this whole quarantine thing. So, but I am ready. Hope you guys enjoyed this little commentary.

I know it's pretty short. But I'm just so excited. I'm ready to get back into it, get back into routine.

I've actually been able to go to a real gym and working out and getting that motivation again, making some gains. All right. So, finished working out.

Quick little chest pump. Exciting news. The gyms are going to be back open this Friday.

This Friday, gyms can officially open back up. Our governor, Louisiana, just released a list of businesses that can open back up. And a lot, like a lot of stuff is going to open back up.

Except, like clubs, which I can live out with our club. There's going to be a few bars that's going to open back up. But, all the essentials, a lot of the essential stuff, essential amenities, not essential businesses.

Essential, you know, just have fun. Businesses are going to open back up. And I'm really excited about that.

And, the gyms! I'm so light because, oh, after that workout right there, it was good. But, like, just wasn't the workout we're used to getting.

I'm ready to get back in so I'm ready to get back to my groove, my grind. And, just feels so much better overall. So, now, we're about to go fishing with Jake and my brother.

Got the flip flops on. Yeah, we're set up. About to go fishing with Jake, Will, Jake's girlfriend's coming and we're going to go to Kennedy's house because she has a nice little pond.

We're going to go there fish, test the waters and I'm going to down me a protein shake, grab me a few beers and head out. Yeah, I got to say, it's probably the most cool nice thing I've ever done, but, we're going fishing. Let's go.

Yes. Show you guys. We're packed in here like sardines.

About to blow it. Alrighty, guys. Got the fishing.

You want to jump in there, Malin? Hey. I didn't film last time with Jake.

We went back out here fishing again. New spot. All right, what you want me to do?

I don't, you want me to video you teaching you how to take off a fish. You want that on your YouTube channel? Is that right here?

No, yeah, grab it right there and slide your hand down the fish. Like that? Yeah.

Slide your hand down and then hold it tight and then take that hand and take the hook out. I don't think I videoed you doing it. There you go.

Are you putting this in your video? Yes. Okay.

As I'm yawning, seriously, as I'm complaining, he's videoing. Usually when he videos, he's a little fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking Yeah. Got a video of the journey.

Let's go and get sushi. We are going to get sushi We're going to get some sushi. We got two rolls and like a chicken and noodle dinner.

It's about to go hard. Alright, guys, sushi has been secured. We're currently at Shinto's.

Me and Kennedy. She's actually watching the vlog from a few days ago because this will probably post it later in the week. And we got our sushi and also we got our bread.

We are living it up. There we go. Sweet.

Thank you. I'll be right back. We got some stuff in from Paxson.

It's so cute. It does look good on you. Well, I guess I need a hat then because it's fine.

You want it? I guess it's mine because it looks good. You can take it on tonight if you want.

Picked up two floral shirts. Never had these before so interested. They're Hawaiian shirts.

Hawaiian shirts. Hawaiian shirts. Hawaiian shirts.

Hawaiian. There's no flowers. Yeah.

Hawaiian shirts, eh? And here is finally our couch. Couch is here.

The longer waited appearance. So we're going to build that after we eat our sushi. No.

Okay. I might take a little bit of your little sauce. I have to.

Yeah. Just pour a little bit on here. So I got some chicken and noodles and she got some sushi rolls.

Nine times out of ten she doesn't eat all of her sushi so I might take a few that she doesn't eat. but she's also really hungry right now so she'll probably eat all that. Which is fine because I just want to kind of keep it simple.

So I just got some chicken some noodles and I'll tear it up. Quick update guys. Couch is officially in.

This is the first look you'll see of the new couch and it's amazing. It's really big. Pretty much like two people can lay down on that and like four or five people can literally sit upright right here.

It's absolutely perfect for the whole area. Guys currently next day today is Tuesday morning. Right now I am just like made like ten loads.

Three loads from my car up in here. Got a bunch of stuff just kind of like stocked up and everything. And I went to literally Target Whole Foods and Super One.

Honestly the only reason I went to Target was because I wanted to pick up another dish set up. So now I have two big pots. You can see.

Boom. Two big pots and then a pasta thing because I'm cooking pasta tomorrow night. Cooking Kennedy a nice little fettuccine.

A lot of other stuff. Got us another thing of ghost protein up there. And as well a whole bunch of 3D's and the cool thing about Whole Foods is I only like to go and shop there for their chicken because they have this chicken that's already pre-marinated and everything and it tastes amazing and it's only going to be a dollar or two dollars more than buying a big pack of chicken from my Super One or Target.

So that was something I picked up. Also picked up some almond milk to mix with my protein because look guys if y'all never tried your almond milk with protein just the plain one with protein powder it makes a world of difference. It gives it better consistency and as well as it's not sweet so it's not going to be like if you mix it with milk and it's really really sweet it's the perfect mix in between.

So also I do need to do some type of like organization with this down here. This is a mess with my pots and pans. I gotta figure out something because right now it's a huge ass traffic jam.

I'm gonna cook us up a little bit of lunch and it is 2 o'clock and I haven't got any work done yet today so we'll have probably pretty much just a chill all night work sesh and that's kind of the plans of action right now. So trying out some new camera settings basically a default white balance because I was really tired of like all my scenes and stuff having different like variations of white balance and it was kind of making some clips look warmer some clips look darker or cooler so now I'll just put a default one at like 4700 Kelvin it kind of gives this nice little blue tone to it and I can also kind of pump that up a little bit in my color correction with a little bit more warmer but right now I just finished cleaning up the apartment did the dishes cleaned the kitchen cooked me some lunch and now I'm about to jump into a nice little word block and kind of let you guys in on a few things with Terry Solutions so right now with Terry Solutions I'm kind of at a point where I want to expand on more clients but keep running into the same consistent roadblocks and that is A I worked with an agency they charged me a lot they didn't generate new results two don't have the budget for it or have just enough budget to cover the ads but not for an agency to run the ads or even three where it's they're doing good in the house and stuff but still can just kind of tweak on a few key points so right now what I'm trying to do is I'm willing to take on more clients because I already have a few clients right now that are doing amazing and stuff you know it's funding my lifestyle everything is doing good and then I want to come there and then what I do is work on a few more clients by making it almost too easy for them to sign up by literally saying hey sign a contract I get 10% of everything I make you in the 30 days we work together and that's kind of what I'm doing right now trying to put together kind of thinking about right now is how I can put that together I have a bunch of people that want to work with me just A B or C different problems why we haven't started to yet and yeah so that's what I'll put together right now is basically hey you want to work with me my agency I obviously have a list of qualifications I'm not just going to take on anyone I'm being very picky to make sure I'm taking on the right clients that I know can generate money for and then like I said I have a few right now that are willing to just right there at the budget just need that extra little something and if I have one client right here that I pull up on the screen our first month together I made $53,000 in revenue for them if I'm getting 10% of their commission or 10% of overall sales that's $5,000 check right there so I have like I said as long as they hit my qualifications take them on and now I'm just putting together all the material I need sales material etc emails and stuff to actually get on a few of those clients right now so I like to work pretty fast when I'm crafting out these type of things so I literally just typed up this nice little which is a long make sure long copy email and what I did was I came there and I told I have about 24 two people two people that I'm really close to right now that I've been messaging back and forth in terms of like pay for results and stuff as well as the list of prospects I have that are very hot these are prospects that open up my emails and as well as people that are extremely qualified so I just crafted this nice little email personally reached out to the other two people and then also sent this out to the other 22 prospects I have and basically just said hey I'm willing to run your ads completely for free just a 10% fee of the first month now the reason why I'm willing to do this as well is because like I said these are people who are perfect fit for the agency people I know that we're out of the gate we can crush it in their first month as well as some really good brands I really want to grow and I see the longer term success with these brands so if I can pick up a few of these brands it's a 10% of their revenue from Facebook ads just to put a pure example I have one client right now going 200k a month and if they're paying me 10% of 200k that's a $20,000 check a month for me to spend 5-6 hours a month running the Facebook ads obviously some months it's a lot more I would say probably about an hour a week per client or 2-3 hours a week per client so that's about where you would put a client at my question right now for you guys in fact 3 questions number 1 do y'all like the ramen noodles or do y'all like the cup noodles 2 do you crush up your noodles like that and 3 am I the only one that likes beef because I feel like none of my friends like the beef they all like the chicken or the other flavors honestly chicken I mean the beef one just smacks I love it alrighty guys I'm just gonna show y'all the hustle right here I am literally on my couch right now eating rice krispie treats I just had a few I had one shot if I would call just cook some eggs and stuff watching some royalty exotics and stuff and I literally get a message right here from a high ticket client message me hey can you talk on the phone right now so guess what we're just gonna surprise them and I'm gonna call right now hey what's going on man hey what's up hey uh Nick by the way I didn't get your name I'm Alex Alex nice man yeah I just wanted to contact you on here because I don't know if you're in I'm sure you're in the United States but just to be sure so we don't have to pay any fees or anything like that for the call yeah I'm in the US that was interesting so yeah actually a pretty qualified client it's a high-end luxury um or a high-end fashion startup out in New York uh based out of Soho and their average product is about 180 to 200 dollars so it's more of a higher-end uh clothing line and they're perfectly okay with my conditions and stuff they want to work with me and they're actually a little scared that they can even have the inventory to do over 100k 200 300k a month so um very interesting I'll keep you guys updated if anything pulls through with that and on another note thank you guys so much for watching this vlog if um you enjoyed this video drop a like below and if you're new to the channel make sure you hit that subscribe button I do make sure stuff between business videos daily vlogs um fitness stuff all that good stuff and I'll see you guys tomorrow peace mentioning the video peace as Đi!' so what happens if you're new to the channel put yourself in a room something on this you never heard I can just say thank you