Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we're going to be talking about the Q4 marketing calendar. We're going to basically dive in and show you guys everything we're planning for in Q4, why we actually have a marketing calendar in play and something that probably 95% of y'all are not even planning. A marketing calendar is something very crucial to plan around to keep things interesting and fun for your existing customers, your warm audiences, and it's something that is definitely recommended.

So hopefully this video gives you some ideas as well as actionable insights of what we're doing in Q4. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. With that being said, let's dive into it.

Now, before we get started, I know y'all probably are thinking what I'm thinking. Completely different setup today. Changed up a few things, the lighting, the backlighting and all that stuff.

But most importantly, the camera angle. So let me drop a comment below. Let me know what you think of the quality and everything like that.

Just set some new things up. Have some new stuff I'm trying to do with my camera. So if there's anything a little bit weird, just let me know.

Drop this comments below for that feedback. But why a marketing calendar? Before we actually jump into this, just very, very quickly, a marketing calendar is something that I personally neglected for years, something I've never really got into.

And then now I've been, you know, just through consulting with other brands, my mentors and everything have really started to understand the importance of a marketing calendar and actually how, you know, we're really trying to focus this for all of our clients and stuff and ensuring they're staying on top of this. Especially a lot of e-commerce brands. So in less than a hundred K a month, they tend to not have one in play just because with bigger brands, they have kind of a whole team that really focuses on this.

And, you know, it's just something that's pretty neglected. So we're going to be diving into the Q4 marketing calendar. This is going to be your product launches, your sales events, your hype emails, your emails in general, when ads need to be launched.

It's just a master plan of what needs to happen to ensure you're hitting everything, whether it's creating ads, launching ads, launching emails, like all that fun and good stuff. So with that being said, let's jump into it. So a marketing calendar does not need to be fancy.

You can literally use a Google calendar. And just like I did right here in this particular video, we're using a Google calendar to make this super simple. You literally come right here, you know, hit the plus sign, create a new calendar, and then boom, you have a marketing calendar.

It's nothing complex. There's going to be a few different types of events. You're going to have sales events.

You're going to have new product launches. That's be like kind of the bigger things, but then you also have emails and you'll have ads with Daisy ads and you go live, all that good stuff. So you want to kind of color coordinate those things as you create events.

As you can see right here below, I have like Halloween hype email, Halloween hype email, and then Halloween cell as two complete different colors, just to kind of categorize events in the calendar. So that's what's really cool about using Google calendar. You can change those colors.

You can also do this in Excel sheet or Google sheet. Like there's a lot of different things you can do with this, but we really liked the calendar perspective because we actually can see from a visual view of how things are, you know, kind of looking on the calendar. So the goal of a calendar is obviously to keep things interesting and fun.

And we're going to see in November and October and December, where we're going to hop into of how different that looks compared to October. It's very bland. But basically the general concept is you want something going on almost every other week.

At least this does not. And I strongly, strongly, strongly, this does not mean a sell every week. You do not need me doing that.

Um, we literally only do one sell them up. That's it. And the cells are always four days.

Like that's our general concept. One sell them up for four days along. That's all you got to do.

So with that, you can do product launches. You can do, um, maybe like free gifts or purchase or stuff like that. Like there's a variety of other things you can do in there, but just try to do like two cool things a month.

That's really fun. Interesting builds up the community and everything. So yeah.

So October, 2021, we're currently here. I'm filming this video. This part can go live sometime around here.

Um, they have all this week to repair, but we always like to do is for October is send out a few hype emails. Um, this doesn't need to be like something crazy, just like the, you know, Halloween big sell event is coming. Um, you know, Thursday, like you can do it on Monday, then Wednesday, you can do something related to, uh, you know, something big or not necessarily some big, um, gear up for tomorrow.

The Halloween event starts tomorrow, huge savings, yada, yada, yada. So just kind of forcing that, maybe show off a few things that's going on for sale. Um, or if you're going to sell or maybe some of the other cool stuff, just kind of starts like be vague with it.

Um, and get people's attention that, Hey, something really great's happening between Thursday and Sunday. And that's kind of our Halloween sales event right there. So that's pretty much it for October.

Um, you know, maybe you want to do like a new product launch kind of like this week, um, or, or, you know, this week and kind of keep that, you know, spacing, cleaning up and stuff. So, but our sales event for October is straightforward, just Halloween, nothing crazy. Now, as we move into November, a lot more stuff tends to happen.

And inside of November, uh, the first major day is the 14th, which is when we start building our black Friday VIP lists called a hype list right here, but you can literally just call this your black Friday VIP list. Now I've already made a video on our black Friday plans. So you'll notice that this is just more of something I quickly put together for this video as an example of what you need to plan and start planning for and looking out for.

Um, but I go further in depth with my black Friday strategy in my black Friday video. So you don't necessarily, if this looks different, it's okay. Because again, it's just more of a quick example for the marketing calendar is and like some of the things that you need to put in play.

So on the 14th of November, we start our black Friday VIP list run. That's about the 24th, the Wednesday. And then the 25th, we do our black Friday VIP list only 25th is Thanksgiving, but we give people early access if they're on that VIP list only.

And the catch is, is that there's so many people sign up to that list. We're going to sell out on Friday. So we get early access and you know, we get a storm crowd of people there.

Then the 26th through the 29th, we do our public access, which is pretty much is cold ads, warm ads, et cetera. Anyone that's not on that VIP list has full access to the website. Um, and it's very simple, straightforward.

So this is pretty much our November plans. And you can start to see how there's a lot of like, you know, more stuff happening there and you can see right here. Okay.

We do our black Friday hype email VIP list only black Friday hype email VIP list only. So this is sending out emails directly to that VIP list that we've been building up leads on. And we're basically just saying like showing off and fork foreshadowing some of the cool stuff that's happening on black Friday.

You know, we could show off a few items and be like, this will be 30% off, um, on black Friday. Uh, you can do this. Um, you know, you'd show off like a, you know, like surprise free gift for the first hundred people that purchase, uh, you get this cool thing.

So like, there's some cool stuff you can do right there as well. So you, again, with this calendar, you want to plan out the days you're going to send email marketing campaigns. Um, it can literally even be something as simple as we're going to send an email marketing campaign this day.

And it's simply just going to be a testimonial. Another one might just be a survey to existing customers. So you're just kind of planning out a master plan of what you want the month to go and like what certain actions you want to get done.

When you plan these out efficiently, everything else becomes a little bit more easier in terms of getting the ads done, getting the SMS and email marketing campaigns done, because you have that master plan to kind of, um, circulate from, uh, you know, what things need to be done by when they can be launched, all that good stuff. So that's very straightforward. Um, then pretty much after black Friday, Cyber Monday on the 29th, then the Tuesday through pretty much up until like the seventh of December is very, very, very slow reason why it's slow.

People are pretty much in a buyer hangover. So expect your ad performance to be bad during that period of time. Um, what I've been kind of working with brands to doing is some type of a little product launch during this period of time, because if someone sees a really great new product from their favorite brand coming out, regardless if they have a buyer hangover or not, they're still going to want to purchase that product and get it.

And it's going to help improve sales. So you pretty much have this black Friday, Cyber Monday that ends. And then we start hyping up people for this brand new product that they've been waiting for, or maybe it's something, um, you know, really cool.

It's a great additions and stuff. They purchased a black Friday, uh, something new and fun and, um, appealing, which gives people and that attention back on us and keeping us, um, you know, with sales flowing and everything. So we start hyping up that product and then we'll launch it like the Saturday and the Sunday, and you have a pretty cool weekend event.

Now we're moving into December. Like I said, with this new product hype, um, new product launch and stuff. Um, now you pretty much already a week in December now.

Okay, cool. What's next? What's starting to transition?

What's the general landscape of what's going on and what's the kind of like common theme and pattern across all the other brands is that they're really starting to push their Christmas offer. And it's by now to receive before, you know, Christmas, because that's a big thing when you're with e-com you have that limitation essentially of, you know, after a certain point we can't purchase anymore because of the shipping cutoff. So it's really important to understand your shipping cutoff.

Um, I put about a 10 day, um, lag time for our shipping cutoff. Um, but if you're, you know, like if I place an order today, how long will it be until I, I receive my order and you really have to understand that. And every brand will be different.

Like I know I have one brand that we're probably have to do the shipping cutoff to be safe 14 days before, which will be around that 11th. So it just depends on your brand and how long your shipping cutoff is or how long it takes to ship a product. And if it's even going to be possible to be delivered before Christmas day, that's the worst thing possible is guaranteeing someone to be here for Christmas and it not be there.

And it just creates this very, you know, bad relationship with you and your customer. So launch, we're lowering our Christmas offer on the six. So basically you have your new product hype, your launch great weekend, and then boom, Christmas ads, all your Christmas ads, maybe your email marketing and stuff like that, start, start kickoff.

You can put an email right here. Um, let's see if I didn't do an email in this particular month right here, but I can change the color. Let's do purple, um, email Christmas offer, email kickoff, and you can also do another one, uh, launch and boom.

So like you can add in things right here, just to make sure it gets done. So that way, when you're looking at this calendar a week to two weeks and you know, prior to this day, we know that, Hey, we need to launch these, these Facebook ads on the six. So we need to make sure that by the fifth, they're all ready.

So that's, it's a real reason why this calendar is very important is so you can plan things out. So you can understand when things needs to be done by when things need to be launched. And it also helps coordinate with the whole team and play, whether you work with an agency, a creative agency, designer, copywriter, email marketer, Google ads, person, Pinterest person, TikTok person, Facebook ads person, like it helps sync the whole team of community together and allows people to understand that, Hey, okay, I need Christmas ad copy by the six.

I need Christmas creatives by the six. I need email copy for the six. Like you start to understand everything you need to put in play as you move forward.

Now you can also do some cool stuff as in like, Oh, look, maybe you want to do and sweeten up this Christmas offer. Um, we'll do a surprise giveaway on this day. Okay.

Um, and then you can also go ahead and make some notes around this. So notes, let's see, everyone who purchased in 24 hours will be entered into this free giveaway. Boom, surprise giveaway.

So you can put notes and stuff to plan out specific things. So that way you can further get more information. I'm not going to say more information to clarify, but more of like an explanation of what's going on that day.

So, and then again, you want to understand your shipping cutoff day. So you can run that Christmas offer until then, and this Christmas offer will be more strongly around the buy now and get it before Christmas perspective. Now it's up to you.

If you want to do completely, go ahead and just launch like, and leave your Christmas sell on all the way to Christmas. I know a lot of brands that does it. I do find though, it starts, it feels like I'm trying to push a dead horse, um, after that shipping cutoff up until Christmas, like sales are bad.

Like, I'm just not going to lie with you at all. Sales are terrible during that period of time, because here's the difference between this 15th and this 25th is that people are no longer purchasing for gifts anymore because they, the shipping cutoff. Secondly, people are saving their money now because they just spent a ton of money.

So people are not buying for gifts and they're not buying for themselves because they're waiting for Christmas. So from the 15th to 25th, it sells going to be bad. You just have to understand that it's the same thing to expect between the 29th through, um, you know, probably the six, uh, November, December.

And then it's also something to expect from the 14th to the 24th, 25th sales are bad right here. Like performance is terrible. Um, you just have to understand that that's the natural consumer behavior because people are a buyer hangover.

Um, you know, that essentially, and they're just not in a mood to buy. And a lot of people don't understand that. And they're just going to complain that Facebook ads is terrible.

It's a bad performance, yada, yada, yada. It happens every year. Like there's nothing you can do about it.

People are not in the mood to buy. And it's that simple. You just have to understand that you can do cool stuff in between, try to come up with new offers and like fun little things to like keep people engaged.

Um, that's, what's really great about strategist position and kind of like being an e-com strategist, you try to look and try to overcome that, but there's only so much you can do. And by far it's probably been the best way for us to essentially help with, uh, navigating this particular time of the year. So just expect sales to be bad during this period of time right here, 15th to the 25th, 24th.

Um, then about the 24th through 26, we do our, another Christmas offer. So this is pretty much going to work really well because during this period of time, a lot of people are receiving a lot of cash for Christmas. Um, cash is our, is a really great kind of like gift for a lot of people.

They just get cash and then they want to blow it quickly. So it's a great time to either relaunch your same kind of offer you did for Christmas or, um, even black Friday, cyber Monday, uh, just kind of relaunch a really great offer that people can't refuse. Um, maybe they saw some stuff for black Friday.

They didn't, they didn't get, and you do another really aggressive offer to, um, really help out with getting a ton of people to come and purchase. So really great way. Um, and like I said, we like to run that from the 24th to the 26th that cause that's when people are really, you know, new year's Eve, they're home off of work and everything.

They're browsing online, they're bored, yada, yada, yada. 25th Saturday, you know, they're back and forth between houses for Christmas, spending time with family and stuff. They eat a bunch of food, they sit back, they relax on the couch and then guess what you're hitting with ads and hitting them, um, with emails and SMS and stuff on Christmas offer.

Then the 26, usually like the day after Christmas, people tend to have awful work. They're still home, spending some time with their family. They're kind of closing that out, that particular area out.

And then again, home board, great. Have that cash now spin and really great. Um, then by the time Monday, things kind of go back to normal because people go back to work and stuff and you know, it's, it's starting to shift and phase out all that Christmas mood.

People are getting tired of that. Now here's where we need to reposition your business. And we really need to position your business in the potential perspective of new year, new you.

Here's a great opportunity to do a really cool new year's event. I've seen people do like live streams with their customers. Um, like where they do like a Facebook live with their customers and stuff and right like on new year's, they launch a really cool collection.

That same, like right when the ball drops or like, I know I have a lot of people watching me across the world right now, but for like us in the United States, uh, in New York, they do what's called like the ball dropping at 12 o'clock for new year's. Uh, it's a big fancy thing. Everyone loves to watch it.

All the fireworks, yada, yada, yada. But you, I've seen people do live stream with their customers for like that 30 minutes and then do a really cool launch at that period of time. Now, obviously that might not be for everyone because they want to spend the time with their family, their fiance, girlfriend, boyfriend, husband, wife, et cetera.

So I completely understand like that's not something everyone wants to do. So with that being said, you can still do a really cool offer of right when that new year's happens, boom, launcher, like new collections are great opportunity to launch a new collection because you've already discounted a lot of stuff. So like, it's just, it's been kind of consistently kind of thrown in their face to the point now where it's just like, Hey, new, we want new, new year, new, you, um, it's a great opportunity to launch a whole new collection, new lineup, new thing of products.

Um, just something new, exciting, and fun. And then what you're going to do is that 27th, that Monday through Thursday, Friday, uh, you're going to hype people up for that right there. In fact, um, this can actually be more, uh, on the first right there is that makes a little bit more sense.

So boom, you do a really cool drop new year, fresh, maybe you remove some old stuff on the website. Um, just kind of that new feel. And, you know, people love that, um, you know, with that going into new year and that general theme of that angle of, you know, new year, new you, and in order to really hit that theme really good, you'd be relatable and relevant to that right there.

So, but, uh, yeah, so, and obviously once October starts to end in November and like December start, um, I'd recommend start planning into January and February, you know, February, you got Valentine's day on the 14th. Um, so like you got all kinds of crazy stuff that's going to be going on. So like we like to strive to try to keep planning at least 30 days in advance, at least as a brand owner though, I recommend at least 90 days because if you want to do some cool product drops and stuff like that, then like, it's, it's very difficult to like within 30 days, get sample product, finalized product, send it over, like all that good stuff.

Like it's very difficult for that. So at least 90 days to six months for product drops, because there's a lot more that goes into it. Um, different offers and stuff.

You can do 30 days out, um, even for emails and stuff, 30 days out, but product drops and big events like that, it needs to be 90 days to six months out, um, to plan those in, um, kind of a, uh, great fashion. So yeah, really hope you guys enjoyed this video. I think a marketing calendar is probably one of the most highly unrelated things or, um, underrated things that most people are not doing.

And it's something that's very, very, very efficient, um, keeps things on plan. It's really cool. Plan things out.

Um, and it keeps things fun with the brand engaging, keeps customers coming back. Um, it's just really cool thing to kind of nerd out on and have a jam set us on, uh, with you, if you know what your team and stuff to really plan this efficiently. If you are an e-com business owner and you have nowhere to start, then talk to your advertising agency that if you're working with one, um, talk about how they can set this up, they should be able to guide you this on this, um, guide you on this.

Um, and if they can't, Hey, reach out to the channel, we can help you out. Literally do this in our strategy session together, um, that you can click the link below to book a call with this. So if you're an e-com business owner doing at least 25 K a month in revenue and would like to help on a call with this, um, we do kind of free audit for, uh, people doing at least 25 K a month.

We'll audit your ad accounts, take a look at your brand and stuff. And then we'll kind of keep those results of like what you need to work on. And with that right there, you can take that information and run with it, or you'll have the option to work with us.

If you choose, we've helped multiple brands in the e-com space scale to six and seven figures, um, through our agency terrier solutions. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you guys so much for watching this video and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.