I'm finally facing it all, fearless What's going on guys? Welcome back to the vlog. I know it's very late in the day since I've started vlogging.

I've been pretty much on my computer all day taking care of client work and really just had nothing to vlog about. Had a lot going on, just kind of stressed out with that stuff. Got it all out the way.

And good news is we've officially got approved for the apartment. And I went ahead and I did get the third floor one. So if you watched the last video of actually touring the apartments, I went ahead and I got the third floor one.

So just finished finalizing, like setting up the move-in date and stuff. So, it's probably pretty exciting. Some changes to a vlog happening very soon.

Alright guys, hope you enjoyed that workout. Nothing crazy. Literally just one of those days where it's just like bleh.

So, we're gonna make up and use some excess energy to wash the cars today. Because, we just got a showing supply order in of everything I've been wanting. This is everything we use at the shop, but now I have it at the house.

Which is, I guess, almost pointless because, you know, if I would have known I was gonna move it to my apartment, I wouldn't have ordered it because there's no wash bay at the apartment. So, at least I have a nice set over here now at the house. We got pretty much everything.

I'll show you guys a full tour of it in a second of everything we got. So, we finished up the car and stuff. Honestly, we just did her car because it, like, needed it.

Joke him. We did it just because I didn't feel like doing my car today. And I really wanted to play around with the new chemicals.

But, it's looking really good. Did a full clay bar decontamination on it. Wash, iron decant contamination.

And then after that we put a psyllinol on it just to kind of keep up with the shine. And it has a nice little gloss to it. Look at that.

I did all the work. I want to know. She did a lot too.

I did all the work. She did all the work. All the work.

I did all the work. I still have a lot of calories today because I've really barely ate at all. So, we're gonna go pick up a Whataburger.

And it still fits inside some macros. So, yeah. I just don't feel like cooking right now.

I'm tired. So, being lazy. I'm gonna pick up some food.

Alrighty guys. It's later in the night. Kennedy just left.

I just got out of the bath. And about to start editing this vlog. Check out Phoenix.

He is very well shedded. He's chillin' somewhere in there. Boom.

But, I think the biggest thing that's been on my mind today is how I can improve these vlogs. And, ah. I'm having this like controversial moment right here.

Whether I do want to continue the vlogs. But, also too. I'm trying to figure out how to mesh it more with like business and my brand.

So, and I think I just need to continue to work on putting out these videos everyday. And, through that I will be able to generate that more. But, like I want to bring you guys.

I guess just everything I want to bring you guys. I'm trying to figure out how to put together. And, like yes.

There's been some dark moments over the past few days. Where I'm like, oh I just want to quit the vlog. It's not going the right direction I want.

And, me not being patient. And, then the other side is like just need to relax. Take a step back.

And, keep pushing out content everyday. And, it's gonna come. I mean.

Talking about years from now. It's when I'm expecting this channel to be grown. And, I'm only in the first little baby steps right now.

So, that's kind of what's on my mind right now. And, I am hyped up right now. We got the approval in the apartment as we saw.

I got the third floor one. The one with the pond view. The awesome.

So, I'm super excited about that. Put the, yeah. Set all the move in stuff for Friday.

And, I'm just going to slowly start moving in a few things everyday. And, maybe a week. Maybe two weeks before I'm officially fully moved in.

So, ordered. Parents got me an amazing gift. And, huge thank you to them for getting me a couch.

And, a dining room table for the apartment. So, that's gonna be awesome. So, I have.

I pretty much have everything. I was like the missing piece right there. It's a nice couch.

So, got that set up. And, yeah. I'm hyped up.

I'm ready. And, I'll see you guys tomorrow. Make sure you drop a comment below.

Let me know how your days are going. Drop a like. And, subscribe.

And, I'll see you guys tomorrow.