So I've been auditing a lot of Facebook ad accounts lately. The channel has been crushing and we've been getting a lot of leads coming into the agency now because, hey, y'all love these videos and some of you guys love these videos also want to work with the agency. So we've been doing a lot of Facebook ad account audits and I've been seeing a lot of the same mistakes over and over and over.

And I've, I've, I too, like I used to make the same mistake as well. So like, you know, I'm just going to talk about it. This is probably the number one mistake I consistently see with Facebook as it's decreasing your performance.

And it's so easy to fix. Like it's a quick fix to do this account, do this to your account and actually improve your performance. So before we get started, if you're questioning who I am, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency. I coach and mentor students and I've done over $80 million in revenue with Facebook ads specifically for my clients. And you can find out more information below or have Nick Terrio run your ads or have Nick Terrio mentor you for, you know, if you're interested in either one of those.

Now, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into the video. So the number one mistake with Facebook ads in 2023 that I consistently keep seeing and it's auction overlap.

This is where we get an account and we see like three, four, five, you know, this one account I'm auditing right now, 10 campaigns and they're spending like a thousand dollars a day. I'm like, what? And look, to be fair, we're spending $15,000 a day in one account.

And 13,000 of that is a CBO daily budget for one account. You don't need more campaigns to spend more. We're only using one campaign, maybe two, maybe even three.

If we have like multiple countries in the accounts. And what happens is, is that when you have multiple campaigns, they all compete against each other. They fight against each other to see who's going to get that impression and serve it in front of your audience.

So if we look right here, you can see right here, maybe these are four campaigns specifically. This campaign bid at $5, but campaign two bid at $10 to beat campaign one. But the campaign three bid at $15 to, you know, beat campaign two that bid at $10.

And then campaign four bid $20 to beat them all. And all of a sudden you're paying $20 for that impression when you could have just paid $5 because you have one campaign per business objective. Now, even when we're running one campaign per business objective, I know that's hard to quantify what a business objective is.

And I'll give you guys some examples of what this is. And look, when we've shifted over to the one campaign per business objective approach, we substantially seen a decrease in CPA. I've seen a 50% decrease.

That's probably the biggest one I saw, a 50% decrease. Imagine doing exactly what you're doing now, but shifting to a one campaign per business objective, seeing a 50% decrease in CPA, which might increase your profits by 50%. And you're managing your ad account maybe five to 10 minutes a day at most.

You would love it. You'd be thrilled and have more stable CPAs. So one route we go is one campaign per country.

Now, this account right here, we actually grouped a few countries together. We've been having this account set up like this since 2021. But now we recommend just one campaign per country.

So UK in its own campaign, USA in its own campaign. You know, like Europe, you would take the specific European countries you would want. The Germany you have as their own campaign like that.

And we only like to focus on the top maybe two to four countries that are striving majority of revenue for the business. Just because you're targeting worldwide does not mean you need to target every country. You want to target the countries that make up 70% of your revenue because these are the countries that's going to make you the most money.

Next thing is one campaign per product. So in some cases, we'll have our like I try to encourage you guys just have one campaign. But let's say, for example, you have one product and you launch a completely different product that's like not even related to this product.

Then you could launch that in a separate campaign. But let's say, for example, if you're a men's clothing brand and you launch some, you know, maybe some T-shirts, you have some jackets and maybe some pants. You could put all of those in one campaign, one main ad set.

Like that's fine to run together. In fact, that's actually what we're doing right here. Each one of these has one main ad set.

Our DCTs for texting. And then our main ad set, our winner's ad set, we have a variety of clothes for a men's brand. Now, the next thing is one campaign per gender.

So we're targeting only men for this brand, but if they launched a female line, we just basically have exactly what you see here, except we have a female line. So we actually have what, like 10 campaigns, but it would be a female line for one and a male line for the other. So that's also something else we've seen with like, you know, adding in these other campaigns as well.

But honestly, 90% of you guys who are watching this channel, you're going to be one campaign completely. 80% of our agency roster is one campaign only because they're only focusing on one product or one collection of products in one country. You don't need to target other countries until you're doing at least 100K a month with one country.

If you're not doing at least 100K a month with one country, you don't need to go focus on other countries. You need to build better ads. And that's going to be the best thing that's going to help you out.

So yeah, that's just something I've been wanting to kind of like talk to you guys really about. I know it's a short video, but it's just something I've been seeing consistently. And if you want to know how we set up our kind of like one campaign per business objective, how do we set that up?

How do we leverage it? How do we use it? I have a video called Facebook ads testing in 2023, which is going to give you a full rundown of how we leverage this.

And I highly recommend checking it out because it's going to give you a step-by-step inside of the ad account. Me actually uploading creatives, copying all that good stuff, all of that in that particular video. So definitely recommend checking that out.

And if you have any questions, drop them below in the comments and I'll be happy to answer them for you. I do my best to try to answer every comment that you drop below. Make sure you like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.