Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be going through my Black Friday prep strategy that has delivered over $65,000 in sales for one of our clients in-house. This is our strategy that we use every Black Friday and works absolutely phenomenal. I've never seen another YouTuber cover Black Friday in this depth of a strategic standpoint, so I'm really excited to bring this video for you guys.

And by the way, switching things up, I'm in a muscle shirt and sipping on muscle milk. So for more of a bro style video today, let's go ahead and make some gains this Black Friday. Reason why I want to cover this right now because in September, if you're not already prepping, you are already behind.

September, you need to be prepping for Black Friday, but it's okay. It's okay. The month just started.

We're only 12, I think it's like 13 days in by the time you're seeing this video. So you have plenty of time, but you really need to start thinking about Black Friday. It's coming faster than you think.

So this whole video is going to give you that hand holding you through the process of what you need to do to have an amazing Black Friday and everything you need to prep for and plan now and get ready. So when Black Friday hits, you're going to be cool as a cucumber, chilling, relaxing while sales are flowing in. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for one of the most epic Black Friday videos ever put together.

I am so excited to share this with you guys. You just do not understand. So with that being said, I can't wait anymore.

Let's dive into the video. Okay guys, so here's a little screenshot. This is from last year, November 26th.

This was actually the Thursday of Thanksgiving. That's when we do our soft launch for Black Friday, which I'll show you in a second of what that looks like. And then November 27th is Black Friday itself.

And as you can see, we did not 26. We did over $70,000 in sales between these two days. I think the total spin was like maybe $15,000 just to put this together.

So like absolutely insane results for a brand that typically gets like a three extra ROAS on a month to month basis. So with that being said, let's start diving into the marketing calendar. Because if you're not putting a marketing calendar in plan for your e-com business, you are completely missing out a big portion of the business.

As a business owner, you need to be doing your marketing calendar or have someone in place for this. This is not your media buyer. It's not your graphic designer, not your copywriter.

You need a dedicated person specifically put together your marketing calendar. So looking at that marketing calendar in September, you need to be putting together the master plan for your business for Black Friday. And we're going to go in a few seconds here.

We're going to dive into what that master plan looks like. But this is the planning stage, which is good. It only takes a few days, but you need to be going over this.

And this is going to come down to the strategy, the content you need, all that good stuff. And what does that look like? And you're going to put that together this month.

Now in October, we're actually going to do the content creation side. So this will be getting all the creatives you need put together. If you need to work with a few content creators to get more content for your products, like this is going to be where you're going to do all that design on your graphics, get all your copy done, all that good stuff.

Now, November 1st through the 24th, which is the day before Thanksgiving, we're going to be doing Legion. And this is essentially, we're going to build up a massive list that we're going to hype up with a lot of really cool stuff. That's going to get people to want to buy on Black Friday.

We want to build that momentum. A lot of people make this mistake where they don't talk about Black Friday all month. Then Black Friday hits, they put a few ads on and that's it.

And it usually just flops in our face because we didn't build any momentum, letting people know that this is a big event that's coming on. Then November 25th is Black Friday. And that is where our November 5th through Black Friday.

So we're going to launch our Black Friday stuff. And we're going to run this all the way up until Cyber Monday. We just run ads through Cyber Monday.

And then Tuesday, we just turn everything off. That's straightforward as possible, but we just carry over our same stuff all the way through Cyber Monday. Now, before we get started, there's a few things you have to understand to understand how Black Friday works and whether or not your business is set up for it.

So you have to understand that Black Friday comes down to having the right size list. And what I mean by this list, this needs to be the custom audiences in your Facebook, the email lists, all that type of stuff. This is not about cold acquisition at all.

In fact, Black Friday, 70% of our spend for Black Friday is on retargeting and remarketing. We're not doing much cold acquisition at all. And that's because Black Friday is all about getting those people that are on the fence all year from purchasing your brand to get them a really great offer.

And on top of that is all your amazing customers, give them another chance to purchase again from you. And all the people, like I said, that just kind of opt into some of your list and stuff. So you need to have a really big list that you can remarket to, to get people to buy from your own Black Friday.

Now, some brands work good on Black Friday with cold acquisition, but usually people prepare all month of what brands they want to shop for on Black Friday. So they're going to go to these brands first. And then that little bit of extra money they'll use on the brands they never heard of.

Majority people purchase probably from like eight to nine brands they've already been knowing. And then maybe one or two brands on Black Friday that they never heard of. So you have to understand that.

So it's important to build up the list before Black Friday itself, or you're not really going to have that big, like fantastic Black Friday that you want. So you want to be spending more than ever right now. Right now is time for cold acquisition and scaling and acquiring as many leads as possible for your e-com business.

So let's say for example, you're crushing on a three extra rise right now. Let's, let's see what your business would look like a two extra rise for a month or two to acquire as many new customers as possible. So afford a little bit pullback, acquire as many customers as possible leads, all that good stuff, pulling it all in you're, you're filling it up.

And then Black Friday comes around and you can spend all your time just remarketing on that. And you don't have to scramble to find new customers for your business. Again, Black Friday is not a time for new cold acquisition.

It's a time for remarketing. And you have to understand that if you want to acquire a lot of new customers, you need to focus right now of increasing your spend as high as possible to where it gets uncomfortable. Now, next thing, not every business is set up for Black Friday.

That is without a doubt. So besides building a big list and stuff, you have to look at your business and understand whether or not you can do a Black Friday. So a lot of people think just anyone can just do a Black Friday, boom.

But for example, if you are a one product store and you're just, you know, like your product typically only takes like one or two years before someone will purchase it again. Cause like, come on, if I purchased a product from you once and like, say for example, is Canon camera I'm shooting on Canon would do horrible for Black Friday for me if they were trying to sell me another camera. So like it wouldn't do good.

But if you sell a one product store and then you have a bunch of accessories that go to the product, like Canon right here, new lenses and different things like that, that goes to it, mics and stuff, then I'd eat all that up. So you have to understand how your store is set up. So a lot of people will actually launch new products.

So if you're running a one product store, launch some new products that go on addition to that current product you are selling, maybe look at other products, your customer avatar could use that's associated with your brand and launch those. So find new products you can launch that's associated. So that way you can really, you know, bridge out and have a really cool Black Friday with all your existing customers that signed up for that one product.

Now, if you have other products on your store and you cannot move them at all, we have that problem with one of our clients right now where all their other products, like it just, no one wants them. Like, so we're, we're looking at really fine tuning our customer avatar and what they want. So we have one product that's those amazing, but all the other products are, that's, that's how they feel about them.

So now we're trying to figure out those new products and new offers. We can, we can put a position to the brand. So if you have that, you're going to be in the same position of having to find new products and stuff, because if people purchase that one product, they don't need to purchase again for a year or two.

Like, you know, even if it's like six months or eight months, like it's likelihood, they're not going to purchase from you. So you need more products and you can start testing those new products now at your existing customers. And if they work really well, order a bigger supply and then launch them on Black Friday as a hard launch.

So you have to understand that. And then the last thing you have to understand is if customers have a bad taste with you in their mouths, they will not buy. So if you have very poor customer service, you've just acquired a bunch of customers, but you treat them all like shit or you have bad shipping, et cetera, bad, just a bad experience with you.

You're going to have a very hard Black Friday as well. So you have to understand these things now strategy. So you want to, for Black Friday, build momentum.

You want to build that momentum. Think of like Coachella or Ultra Music Festival, these big music festivals. They spend months of advertising, hyping up, promoting the event, talking about all the really cool stuff that's going to happen in an event.

And they build up a ton of people for lists, for tickets, all that. They get all that ready before that, before the launch of the event. Same thing applies for Black Friday, any sales events, et cetera.

So you want to start your lead generation campaigns, November 1st. Some people will wait till like November 7th, just in that first week of November, you want to start launching those lead generation campaigns. You want to create a landing page that collects email, SMS, first name, last name, just a standard stuff like that.

And then you want to drive traffic to that landing page via organic, via paid, and email. If you're using any influencers as well, just all your paid traffic, your organic, your email, and you want to drive people to that landing page. Now that landing page is going to be synced to a list that is specifically Black Friday VIP lists.

And the whole goal with this landing page is to offer 24 hour early access to the store for VIP members only. And we're going to get into the psychology in a little bit of why it works. And what's going to happen is we're going to give people 24 hours, VIP access to the store code only.

So you have to have a code to get into the site, which we'll talk about a little bit too as well. And we're going to start building up a list. And throughout that lead gen, we're going to go ahead, send out emails to that list, hyping people up and promoting the event of how awesome the event's going to be.

Sell previews, new items that's going to be coming to the store, cool things happening, giveaways, hype up. Whoa, this is awesome. You need to be there.

And that's going to all the way go up to 11-24-2021. So again, these emails are only going to people that's on this VIP list. And then we're using organic traffic, paid traffic, sending traffic to that landing page to opt-in.

We're doing a lot of remarketing and retargeting to current customers, to current lists, and we're driving all that traffic to this page. So again, we're not focusing on cold because cold would not work here. You can do a little bit of cold.

You can test it out and see if it works, but it's likely it's not going to be the same. And then you want to use your email list that you have right now to take them from that email list and put them on this new, you know, Black Friday VIP list. But we want to email them to get them opt-in.

We don't just want to drag and drop. We want to email your list, tell them you need to get on this amazing new VIP list, et cetera. And here's how you can do it.

So build momentum. Then what we're going to do on 1125, which is Thanksgiving day, we want to give people the VIP list early access. We're going to email out code to this whole list.

We're going to put our website as a way to where you can lock your Shopify website for code only. Do that. And then what you want to do is put a very simple cold cold, um, code, Black Friday, whatever you want to use and lock out your website for the whole day, Thanksgiving.

And only people in the VIP list can have access early access. We're going to run retargeting ads to that list to give them the code with Facebook. And we're also going to send a bunch of emails out to that VIP list and SMS and stuff like that to that VIP list for early access.

We'll send one out in the morning, letting them know it's here midday. And then lastly, one at night, like saying, Hey, there's only one hour left before early access before we open up to the public and everything's going to sell out. So you have to make sure you get your order in with the next hour.

That's going to drive a ton of traffic. When we did that for this story right here, we did $24,000 in a day and we only spent like a thousand dollars in ads. Maybe that's it.

So again, it's a lot building all this up now going to the next one, early access will end that night, 12 AM and then Black Friday public access opens up on that, um, Friday. So, and again, we're going to do on all kinds of stuff. We're going to be sending two to three emails every day, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday.

Uh, we're going to upload or post two to three times, all of our social media channels. And then we're going to do Facebook ads to all custom audiences. That's in the ads manager.

We're going to sync our email list to Facebook ads manager as well, and run ads to all of those. Um, so you're hitting people in all kinds of different areas. And that's, that's what we want right here.

If we were using any influencers, we want them to post about it. And then we also want to start taking our best performing audiences that are cold audiences and start running some ads as well. We'll probably do about distribution of 50 to 50.

So 50% going to cold and 50% going to remarketing for Black Friday. Now, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, we just do all that together. That'll end on the, um, 29th at 1159 PM, which is that Monday night.

We'll send some last chance emails to claim, et cetera. The big sales going down. Now, what do we need to plan for?

So this is the master plan essentially. So we need to start planning the big event. So this is like the strategic side.

You can literally copy this, write this down and start looking at how that funnel looks. So we're going to start planning that big event. Then we need to understand, okay, what is going to be the irresistible offers we're going to offer for that event?

So are we going to offer a new product release? Like, is there gonna be some new products being released? Is there some old products that we could bring back in a limited supply?

Just works super well for clothing brands. Let's say if it's a shirt that's sold out really quick and it's super popular, a lot of people ask for it, bring it back in a limited supply of like 500 and say there's only 500 of them. There's over 20,000 people in this email list.

So you have to buy it now and it offers. So for offers, look, easiest thing in the world. Just run a discount, run it site-wide and do an automatically applied discount.

Because what happens is if you try to use a code problems happen with the code and just shit doesn't work like that. And you don't make as much sales, but if you just make a clear and simple 20% off site-wide works really well. And going back to offers for the offer you do, whether it's 10%, 30%, 50% site-wide, whatever it may be for your particular situation, you want to look back the last year and understand what was your biggest sales.

So, oh, Hey, you know, in July we did a 30% off sale and we had our biggest month ever. It was amazing. So, okay.

For black Friday, can we do even a 35 or 40% something a little bit more aggressive black Friday, the cell that we run the percentage off needs to be a one time a year thing. It's not something we offer every day. It's a one time a year thing.

So if you do 20% off, I challenge you to 40% off, depending on how your row ass looks and you break even rise and all your numbers. Look, if you do currently 20% off challenge you to 40, if you'd currently do 30, I challenge you to 50. If you're going to do a hundred, well, look, I'm sorry.

I give people money when they purchase you then. Um, but serious, like you need a really good offer. That's people would love.

They need to look at what type of content will you need? All right. Well, I'm going to need content for the ads.

I'm going to need content for the emails. I'm going to need content for the Legion. I'm going to need content for the hype.

So that's why we're starting to play in now because October is me very busy with getting all this content put together. VIP list. Do I even want to run a VIP list or is my just, I'm not really a good fit for black Friday.

Like that's something you have to understand right there. What types of emails do we want to send and how many, how many ads do I need to create and what messaging for those? So you really need to put together this plan of action.

Now, sorry if I'm moving really quick guys. Um, just trying to get all this done one video. So, but you can pause the video anytime you get.

And, um, yeah, so that being said, let's jump back into it for October. So October, we'll be doing content creation. So here's just an example of what assets you need.

You're going to need us about three to six black Friday ads or creatives that you can use inside of your ads for the, you know, the, the Friday through the Monday, you need about one or two different variations of ad copy. We recommend you can do a long form and a short form and then two to three black Friday VIP list Legion creative. So if you're running Facebook ads to remarkets people to get them on that VIP list, then you're gonna need about two to three creatives.

So we can swap out, um, into that Pacific campaign. And then we need about one or two, you know, VIP lists, Legion copies for that campaign as well. Now we recommend about 10 to 20 emails prepared for November.

It just includes getting people on the VIP list. This also includes, you know, doing two to three a day for, you know, literally Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. I mean, just right there can be 20 emails.

So you may even need more, but you want to be emailing your list more than ever in November. So, um, it's okay. And very common to see one every other day, all the way up until like the week of Thanksgiving, then like two or three a day for the week of Thanksgiving.

So that's okay. You want to be 10 X in your amount you're emailing right now. Now, Facebook ads, what we're going to do is we're going to use the best performing creatives right now in the ad accounts that are relevant to the products we'll be offered on black Friday.

And then we just want to put some cool black Friday banners on those creatives. So if it's like a picture of a girl wearing a dress and it's currently crushing it right now on the ad account, then let's take that picture. Let's add a black Friday theme to it.

That's very easy for people to, to understand what's going on for black Friday. And we want to use that creative and we want to prepare a few like that. We also want to test new creatives in October.

So like say, if we're going to launch some new products for the store, let's test a few of those products right now on the site with new, with creatives and stuff in the ads manager and do that same procedure, find some new winning creatives in October, um, run them for a little while. And if they're working really well, turn them off because we don't want to over fatigue them. And then we want to, you know, spruce them up with the black Friday and everything like that.

Now, lastly, is we want to create graphic ads for black Friday. This is literally just big, bold text, black Friday is here, 20% off site-wide 50% off site-wide, whatever you want. Now we have to understand that all Facebook ads and all emails need to be scheduled and ads manager or your email marketing software for 11, 19, 2021, which is the Friday before black Friday.

The reason why is because that week of black Friday, there's a lot of problems with the ads manager being slow, struggling, fatiguing, all these big issues to the point where it's very hard and takes a long time for ads to get approved that week. So you want to get all prepped the week before just to be safe. Give a little shout out to muscle milk.

Take a little sip real quick. So next thing is November lead generation and how this looks. Essentially what you want to do is you want to offer early access to the site.

They sign up to the list. Aim for a dollar, $2 leads. If you're running Facebook ads to acquire people, you want to focus on retargeting and my mean list all your website visitors for the last year, all your purchases, all your engagement audiences, IG, Facebook, all your at the cart, checkouts, initiate, like all your custom audiences, max them out of the time span, like 180 days, 365, et cetera, run ads to them, telling them to sign up for the VIP list.

And then we want to get as many dollar or $2 leads as we can. I've seen some brands get 50 cent leads. I've seen some brands get $3 leads.

It just kind of depends on the demographic, your audience and stuff like that. But you really want to focus on like a dollar as your core KPI. Now, the next thing is we want to, generally we'll see about a three to 10 X return on this VIP list.

So when it comes down to spending of how much to spend, we'll see anywhere from a three to 10 X return. So if you spend a thousand dollars on that VIP list, you may see anywhere from a $3,000 to $10,000 essentially like return for Black Friday on that list. Now the psychology behind it is with this VIP list, you're offering early access, which relies on that exclusiveness, psychological trick.

So being part of something exclusive to just, you know, by opting in it, it's a psychological thing. A lot of us operate on now, then when you get a chance to get everything before it sells out on Friday, we're relying on that fear of missing out. So, Hey, opt on this list, get early access because everything will sell out on Friday.

So you need to be on this list and access the website 24 hours before. So your fear of missing out, you want that early access and you basically get a ton of leads from it. Now you want to build up hype for the Black Friday sale event through emails and retargeting that VIP list with Facebook ads.

Um, again, sneak peeks, giveaways, et cetera. So that VIP list you create in Klaviyo, all those leads you get from Facebook ads. And then, you know, using other email lists to send traffic to that list.

Basically you want to start sending out emails to that VIP list and just hyping people up for Black Friday. And that's about to be epic. Now, November on Black Friday day, this is where all the hard work's done.

You sit back, relax. You've done all the cool stuff, all the fun stuff. Now just chill.

Like there's literally nothing else. You, you prepped all your ads, you prepped all your stuff. Everything's been scheduled again before 11, 19, 2021.

All you want to do now is just manage budgets in the ads manager. And I'll, I'll show you in a second of how big of a budget you need, but for Black Friday, you really just chill, adjust that account. If you're doing really well, keep pushing spin.

If you're doing really bad, pull back on spin. Hey, maybe just, just Black Friday work isn't working. Let's pull back.

Don't want to blow through spin. Now, when you're comparing spin and how much to spin, we like to consolidate it all down to like one or two campaigns. So we can really understand where we're spinning at.

And we want to compare total Shopify sales to total Facebook sales, because what happens is, is a lot of the attribution problems happen, especially with 14.5 now. So you just want to compare total spin to total sales. And then total spins of total sales is doing really good.

It's a great row as you want, keep pushing it harder. And as soon as you get to that point where it starts breaking, going back down, that's when you want to pull back on spin. So simple as that, um, we'll do aggressive spin, like literally every few hours checking out of 20 to 50% on budgets.

We, this is the one point of the year where we just blow budgets quickly. We don't follow that standard, like 20% every day. So this is where we're going to like literally add 20, 50%, maybe three or four times a day.

So keep it very simple and straightforward. And again, you want to run everything Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. And you're definitely going to want to probably have to swap out a few creatives throughout the, throughout that weekend.

That's why I tell you to prepare multiple different black Friday creatives. Now, understanding your list size and how much you need to spend, this is the last thing we'll touch on. So let's say you have 20,000 people or 10,000 people in your custom audiences.

You take your purchases, your engagement, your website visitors, et cetera. If you look at your custom audiences on Facebook and you see like a total size of like 10,000 people, or maybe you have like a thousand people or 10,000 people on that VIP list, then you can start to understand how much you need to spend on Facebook ads. So let's say it's 10,000 people.

Well, on black Friday, your average CPM is going to be somewhere between 50 to a hundred bucks, especially in retargeting and remarketing. Cause there's tons of competition, tons and tons of big brands are spending a ton of money. So we have to understand that.

So we have 10,000 people in our custom audiences. Our CPM is going to be 50 to a hundred dollars. So we take 10,000 divided by a thousand, that's 10.

So, um, we're going to take a 10 times either 50 or a hundred. So again, that's an arranged at CPM. So our CPM will be anywhere from $500, uh, to a thousand for not a CPM, but essentially it's going to cost us 500 to a thousand dollars to reach these 10,000 people once.

Now what we're going to do is we typically want about three to seven impressions over that four day period of time. So then we'll do is we'll go ahead and multiply that 500 to a thousand by three to seven X. So we need to spend about $1,500 to $7,000 over that four day period.

So I'll give you an understanding of how much you actually need to spend during that period of time. So what comes down to list building, all that good stuff, this all comes down to it. So, and yeah, and that's exactly how we did this really great black Friday case study.

Um, made another one on the channel a long time ago, but I just want to kind of revisit, start your planning process. Now do not wait. Well, guys, I really hope you enjoyed this video.

Um, sorry for a little bit of a rush. I really just wanted to incorporate everything in one video. Definitely leave some comments below and I'll make some more videos, um, around these specific topics and stuff.

If you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. If you are an e-com business owner and you're looking to scale your Facebook ads specifically for black Friday, um, and need a team that can do it. We have scaled multiple brands, six and seven figures, and we're definitely a full channel and everything that you need to scale your brand profitably.

So if you're making more than 25 K a month, please click the link below book a call with this. And if you are making less than 25 K a month, click the link below to sign up to elegant e-coms VIP list, which would be a course I'll be launching soon. Just get on the wait list.

I'm gonna have more information on that coming soon, but thank you guys so much for watching this video. Crush black Friday, drop your comments below and drop some success, success stories as well below. So, um, if you use this strategy and it works really well for you, so thank you guys so much watching.

My name is Nick Therrio. It's about that time. Talk to you guys later.

Peace.