Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we'll be diving into my broad strategy with Facebook ads and how essentially I'm never testing another audience again with Facebook ads and going purely broad. So I'm bringing you guys pretty much a 28 point kind of breakdown of exactly how and why it works and how you can implement it in your business. So that being said, before we get started, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Hey guys, let's dive into the video. Okay. So the ultimate guide to going broad Facebook ads in 2022.

First off, let's give some clarification to this topic of what the hell broad is specifically. Cause a lot of people ask me, what is broad? Is broad like targeting jewelry as an interest versus like, you know, targeting a specific brand such as like Kate Jewelers or something like that.

So broad is essentially location, gender, and age. So men 21 to 50 who live in USA. This also might be Canada, USA, and Australia men who are 21 to 50, you know, whatever your specific target demographic is, is essentially what's considered broad.

Now, one of the biggest misconceptions that is completely false is that Facebook will put my ad in front of a poor quality audience. And that is false. Broad is not necessarily a poor quality audience as people just have this misconception due to it saying broad.

And I'm breaking down exactly how broad works right now. So first off, just a backstory on broad of how I kind of fell into going broad with all my accounts versus continuously to do audience testing and stuff. First off, all of my biggest case studies involved a broad audience.

So like none of my biggest case studies was like, Oh, look like 2%. It was broad. I used to call it just open or, or pixel only.

I had some weird names for some shit like that, but all my biggest case studies were broad only. So I kind of had that hindsight, but I wasn't really going all in with it. And then I started following the guy CT Disruptor on Twitter and he kind of further got me thinking more and more about it and purchased some quite undeniably amazing case studies.

And I was just like, you know what, I'm going to give it a go. And since kind of think like January, December, we dived into it and it's significantly been a huge help for our client accounts and our, just our agency overall from a operational standpoint of timing in the ad account and how much stuff we're managing. So once I saw pretty much how much going using like an interest or lookalike audience was limiting the algo, I basically just wanted to quit all the interest in LA testing and stuff like that.

Just went straight broad. So first off Facebook wants for you, wants you to go broad in that sense right there. Every month they're moving more and more interests.

And now like expansions also auto apply. So where your lookalike audience, your interest targeting, it's literally says a note right here. We may deliver ads beyond your audience for eligible ad objectives if it's likely to improve performance.

So basically it's saying that, Hey, yes, you're going to target this, but we're also going to test some like audience is outside of that to see if it will improve performance. Okay. Now, again, there's some graph that shows you how much things like that, but it basically just says that expansion used to be, you used to have a button, but now you don't even have a button.

Now you have to have that on essentially. Second thing is the interest. So like this is an interest right here that was running for one of my accounts.

I'm gonna show you in a second because it basically just crushed me, but basically we were running this interest very profitably. Then one day Facebook said, Hey, we're removing it. And then guess what?

It got removed. And let me just show you that specific ad set with that interest sentence. So $119,000 on it, 2.72 ROAS, about $325,000 in revenue, give or take.

And yeah, Facebook just removed. And guess what? I cannot run this audience at all anymore.

And luckily I've been able to crush it with broad since then that basically the business fell down, had to redo a bunch of testing on broad, found a new set of winning ads on broad, and now being able to start to scale back up. But if I didn't know that I'd basically just be like, Hey, well, I guess Facebook crushed my business. Like it ruined my business.

And that's right there. So why broad? So we talked about a few different key points.

But overall, like what's the main reasons why you want to go broad is no more wasting budget on audience testing, which is going to bring your overall CPA down. If I'm just not spending money on audience testing and just focusing on ads, it's going to improve CPAs to do a lot better than trying to find an audience that might better run for a week and then have to turn things off higher scaling potential. I'm about to show you some case studies that I'm spending, I've spent up to $22,000 per day on broad worked amazing.

I have one account right now. It's been consistently spending over 10 grand a day and I have other accounts spending five, six, $7,000 a day, consistent on broad and it's working really well. You're no longer limiting the Facebook algorithm.

And I'm going to show you in a second of how running interest and look likes limit the algorithm for Facebook ads. Now, the last one, our second last one is higher level of focus of what moves the needle. Basically, if like your ad fails on broad, then you might go down a rabbit hole of testing a bunch of different look likes, interests, stuff like that, burning up more money when you can just use that time to go create a new ad that's going to convert better on broad.

And that's going to move the needle a lot more than trying to find an audience that you can run for a short period of time. Lastly, is more consistent results over a longer period of time. Again, I'm gonna show you in a second of how exactly like audience burnouts happen where like you basically have a small interest, you put a big budget behind it, crushes it for like a week and then boom, all of a sudden your CPA skyrockets.

And it's because of that limiting side when you're limiting the algorithm, you're not going to get consistent results, make consistent results for a few days. And then all of a sudden it breaks in that sense. So first off, or continuing on why broad, just show you some case studies right here.

This is my first kind of like huge win with broad back in 2021. Invest basically. Yeah.

We spent $126,000. And this is over the course of like a week, essentially week, two weeks at most crushed at this time. This is some other accounts right here that are currently live right now.

I'm not sure which one this one is. Oh yeah. This account right here, which is like 2.17 ROAS.

We just signed this client on beginning of April. It's almost towards the last days of the month of April. They were seeing barely like a two extra ROAS with their store.

We came in, went fully broad, took their best performing ads, launched it against. And now they're seeing like a little over three X overall on their store, crushing it on the MER side. So just slaughtering it on that side.

This is a account where it's a subscription supplement. So the ROAS is lower on this account, but they're still seeing about a 2.5, 3X overall. And we've scaled this brand from $17,000 per month to about $60,000, $70,000 per month in revenue.

Here's another one. It's a Legion account. So I'll show you guys, it does work on multitude of things.

I think Legion's a really important one because a lot of people are thinking, oh no, but Legion, if you don't target a high quality audience, you're going to get poor quality leads. We've kept them monitored their CPA. So like, obviously it's a lead, then the people call them and then basically they close the deal.

And we've monitored their overall CPA and their CPA actually went down since we went to broad, because we've actually been able to get substantially more leads. And yeah, this brand is spending, I think roughly 10 to $12,000 per day and Facebook adspend, and we're doing about five extra ROAS for them. So that's about 50, $60,000 a day in revenue, making it for them.

So another brand right here, they're doing clothing. Again, they're crushing consistently on a week to week basis, three to four X for us. And Facebook's their primary driver.

They did, I think roughly like average about 10 to $15,000 a day in revenue last week. So crushed it. Some more just examples right here.

This is just showing two different ads that are here. One, when we, you know, spent $21,000, when we still don't interest targeting, then we went broad and went down to $39 for average cost per acquisition. It's also to just show you guys app installs as well.

It's crushing it for this client on app install basis. Their longer term goal is like trials that can leads to purchases. This is one of their profitable ads, that's campaigns right there.

It's $5 per install, but also we're selling a $60 subscription, which has about a $60 per year subscription. And it has roughly about $180 lifetime value. So getting like, we're literally getting subscriptions for like our trials for like, yeah, subscription about 50, 60 bucks.

So break even on day one. So, all right, cool. So just to show you guys some winning stuff with broad broad does work.

But let's go further more into just how exactly it works. So key point number one is that ads create the audience. You have to understand this.

Okay. So let's just understand it from Facebook side. They want us to spend money on their platform because without us, they not making any money.

They don't have a business model. So as advertisers, they want us to spend money on the algorithm. So if they can get you better results, guess what?

You're going to spend a lot more. Okay. A lot of people have these expectations that Facebook is against you.

Facebook is not against you. They want to work with you. You just have to play by their rules.

And their rule is, is that if their users does not have a great time on their platform, then, or like they want their users to have a great time on the platform. Okay. So they want you to spend as much money as possible.

And they want users to have a great time on the platform. So what does that mean? You got to create some great ads, ads people want to see products.

People actually want not selling dog products to try and make a quick profits. People want real products, real stuff. So like go out at your business, make sure you're actually serving a product that people actually want.

So great product, great ad, great, like, you know, copy creative, everything like that. And so what these wants, they will take a constant audit of who's engaging with your ad, plus taking ad actions on it and serve it to more people like them. So if you have a great ad or just like whatever your ad is, they're going to take constant audit.

They'll service like 500 people. Boom. They'll figure out, okay, cool.

All those 500 people who liked it, who engaged with it, who made a purchase from it, things like that. And they're constantly trying to optimize it and find more people like that. So ads create the audience.

Okay. Just got to know that. Now, how does Facebook say you have a bad ad?

Because the reason why I'm jumping into this next is because ads create the audience. Cool. You start testing ads and stuff and you're probably thinking, Oh, well, uh, I tested my ad and I'm broad.

It's getting like a 0.27 CTR and I'm not getting any purchases. Well, how does Facebook say you have a bad ad? That's the next thing.

Facebook, Facebook wants you to spend more money with them and then what their users be happy, but Facebook will not hop on a phone, dial and call you and say, Hey, Nick, look, you know, there's ads. They aren't really converting in our users, not liking them. You should turn them off.

If you have a bad ad, they're going to penalize you with higher CPMs, higher CPCs, lower click through rate, like a lower click through rate, very easy, like identifier right there and a lower ROAS. And that's when you're going to cry and say, Hey, broad didn't work for me. You know, like that's usually the first signs.

Okay. So this is how you determine face that you have a bad ad on Facebook. Again, they're not going to call you.

They're going to show you data. So they want to take your money. So they're going to give you higher CPM.

So they're going to say, Hey, I've worked in an account before where like we launched some ads and not like a hundred dollars CPM and then brought that CPU down like 50 bucks. And, um, yeah, the first ads weren't really great. Now they're really engaging the new ones and better stuff like that.

But if you have a $50 CPM and a hundred dollars CPM, you have to spend double to reach the same amount of people. So that's going to, it's going to affect your ROAS. Now I've also seen competitive markets where they have just a naturally higher CPMs.

And I've still seen brands be super, super profitable. I've seen brands like we have a brand right now. That's things like a little over two extra ROAS that has a ridiculously low CPM, but a horrible CTR.

So like we're constantly working on improving the ad to get a better click through rates, but that's just something we'll look at right there. So is it broad not working or is it you just have a bad ad? Okay.

So now the next thing limited machine learning or limiting machine learning. So like, this is the biggest thing for me that clicked. That was just like, wow.

Okay. I understand now. So we're going to pretend that this little blue circle is your audience.

This is your ideal buyers, things like that. People that are going to purchase from you. Okay.

This gray is just the audience as a whole. Okay. It's like, here's a pool of people.

This is everyone who's wearing a red baby suit and your goal is to target everyone to write a baby suit. Okay. So that's your audience size.

That's people who are actually going to take action on your ad. Okay. So I have three different groups right here.

So this is broad. You can see how everyone within that box is enclosed in there. All your buyers are in there.

Okay. Now you can see this one right here. Only about 40% of your buyers are actually in that audience group.

So this is my, you might be targeting a lookalike purchase 30 days. You might be targeting, I don't know, engaged shoppers. You might be targeting, you know, Gucci, whatever, like things like that.

Like this might be your interest or your look like. Okay. And you see only a small portion, about 40% of your portion of your group of buyers are inside that audience.

Okay. So that means basically what's going to happen here is Facebook cannot reach this other 60%. Now let's go to this other one.

Same thing. Might be your Gucci or look like whatever. You can see the audience size a little bit smaller.

So might be targeting a small interest. And you can see only about 10% of your buyers are in that audience and other 90% on the outside. Okay.

So this one right here, your broad, there's no limitations in targeting your audience. Okay. Facebook's just like, give it to me.

We got it. You know, we can target them in there. This one right here, there's some limitations because you can only target about 40% of your buyers inside of that audience pool.

So the other 60%, you can't target because you're limiting the machine learning by targeting gauge shoppers, Gucci look like purchase 30 days, whatever that might be. And then this one right here are some very hard limitations on targeting audience. Okay.

You can't, you know, again, you can't expand outside that circle, outside this rectangle. So like 10%, like you're gonna spend a few dollars, you get a few purchases and then boom, and you're gonna start seeing your ROAS drop as you start to spend more. So that's my next thing.

Which one do you think you could spend more on? So this is going to dive back into your, um, kind of why, when you test at a low budget, 50, $60 a day, you find some winning either audience or a winning ad, and then you throw it in like your scaling campaign, or you start to scale that and performance drops. And that's because you're limiting the machine learning.

So that's why we don't even like to do audience testing anymore, because I want to make sure that whatever ad I toss up, it has the full potential. Like the audience is not limiting its potential to perform. So you can see right here, if I gave the machine a hundred bucks, it could spend all that a hundred bucks to, you know, hit this person.

If I gave this machine a hundred bucks, you know, it's gonna spend it. It's gonna probably target all of these people, but it's also like, once I start pushing more than a hundred dollars, $200, $200, whatever that number is, every account has a different number. Every audience has a number of things like that.

We're gonna start seeing performance drop because they can't go outside that box to target those people. So this is exactly how I can double 5X, 10X, et cetera, my spend with the short periods of time. Um, for our Legion account, uh, we were spending three or $4,000 a day.

Client said, Hey, I need to be at $10,000 a day. So that's cool. No problem at all.

I went into my campaign. I took a three or $4,000 campaign. I just, I literally just CBO it it.

Boom. And I 10X, a spin or not to next. I was when I went from 3000 to $10,000.

I just jumped at it because we had a really good offer and a solid set of winning ads and we were going broad. So I knew that the algorithm could potentially reach all those people. Now, again, that was definitely very risky.

And out of all the different ways to scale an account, that was a risky, higher risk, um, you know, action. If I had 30 days to scale that from $3,000 to 10,000, what I could do is I could do 20% a day because it's, it's not as risky. So you have to understand that a lot of people right here, you're too eager to scale that you don't look at it from that perspective right there.

So for me, I knew in that scenario right there, the client needs to scale ASAP. I had a lot of pressure on me to scale that ASAP. So that's why we just had to balls up and do it.

Um, but if I had that long period of time, then I'll do the 20% a day, uh, rule essentially. So I tried broad, but it didn't work at lots of, and that's what a lot of you guys are probably saying right now. I know what you're thinking, right?

You're like, I think I tried broad, but it didn't work. Look, I had a lot of failures on broad as well before it started working for me. Like not going to lie.

I was against it for a while. Then I started seeing a few six signs of success and then now I'm just fully broad. Okay.

Essentially, you have to test a lot of ads against it. Okay. You do not use any other audiences.

You just go broad, broad, broad, broad, keep testing new ads against it. Okay. So here you can see right here is a simple creative testing campaign.

Each batch is a, either a new angle or existing angle, um, all against broad right here. And you can see right here, I'm testing variety of different things. And you can obviously see which ones are winners and losers and things like that.

And then obviously once you find your winning ads, you can move it to like your scaling campaign and stuff like that. And I actually have a video at the end of this video of recommendation that goes over my full creative testing strategies. That way you guys can fully understand.

So products, truth is we're finding they need to be well, more well done. I see a lot of people like back in like the early days, you saw a Facebook ads. You can take a literally just a copy and paste image of a product on Google images, literally right.

Flash out 50% off now. And I put a headline custom America t-shirt and run it. And it boom, like crushes it.

You ads need to be more well done. Um, there's a lot, and this is, this comes from a lot of different things. First off, like just the environment, like it's more competitive, more advertisers, things like that.

So like people and the consumers are trained differently. Now consumers want to be buying from a real brand, not some cheap little store. So you also have to look at it from that perspective, but just the ads in general, they need to clearly call out who your ideal audience is, clearly articulate to people how the product will solve X problem they're experiencing.

Um, so you just need to be a better marketer overall. So like when you're testing broad, don't look at this, the ad don't look at it as the audience is failing. Look at it as from the perspective of the ad is failing.

Again, Facebook will not call you and tell you your ad is bad. They're going to give you stuff like higher CPMs, higher CPCs, lower CTR, lower ROAS. So you have to look at it from that perspective.

Okay. It's not the audience. It's your ad suck.

Like I'm going to be blunt with you as in that perspective right there. Okay. A lot of you guys are like commenting, well, Nick, I'm, my ads are amazing.

My creators are amazing. My copy is amazing, but I'm, I'm still spending, I'm stuck spending $10 a day. How the hell is your ads amazing?

If you're only spending $10 a day, like you should be spending way more than that. If your ads are amazing. Okay.

Use the Facebook data to tell you whether or not your ads are amazing. That's what I want to see. I don't want to see an opinion based of, Oh, I think my ads amazing.

It's been hundreds of times where we spent 40 hours working on a set of creatives. We launched them. They suck.

And then we take a video of the product looks horrible. We upload it and it crushes it. So I, I struggle with this a lot in our agency with clients.

Cause they're like, they create an ad. They want to spend more on it. Cause they're, they're emotionally attached to it.

Thinking it's a better ad, but realistically we have the same cut rules for all of our ads and we make decisions based off data. We do not make decisions based off emotions, which is very key. So also luckily look at broad odds from the SEO approach.

So I'm testing more copies, visuals, headlines with key terms in it to better help machine learning to step, to say, to serve to relevant audiences. So, um, I may call out the audience I'm specifically targeting gamers. Don't you hate when you're playing a game and have to get up and use the bathroom, introducing the squatty potty that sits on your, your chair.

It's like, you know, something like that. Um, that's a really weird product I just thought of, but I was off the fly. So just to kind of look at it from that perspective right there, um, long story short, make better ads, essentially with broad ads.

So just give you guys a quick recap. You're building a house on a weak foundation. If you're still using, you know, look likes and interests, uh, we established the fact that Facebook wants a win, win for you, the user by serving relevant ads or win, win for you.

Plus the user of serving, uh, relevant ads. So they want you to spend more money on the platform. Cause that's how they make more money.

And they'll, they know that the only way you can make more is spend more is by getting more sales and stuff. So, so they want to help you out. And they also want to protect the integrity of their platform and like their users and stuff like that.

Make sure they're happy on the platform. Interest look likes give great short term results, but fell at higher spins due to smaller audience pools and restricted machine learning. So again, going back to this right here, which one do you think you can spend more on at scale?

Okay. This one might convert like a two extra S from a hundred dollars a day to $10,000 per day. This one might convert at a five extra S from a hundred dollars a day to our three extra as a $500 day.

And then a two extra S of a thousand dollars a day. So you just have to look at it from that perspective right there as well. Okay.

So what's going to happen now? Likely you're going to feel like you found the hidden key to all your Facebook struggles and you're going to get really excited to test this. You'll test it for a few days, not see the results you want and continues to be frustrated with Facebook.

So yeah, you'll be like, well, I'm going to test this. You can go test this. You're probably going to like pull three or four of your winning ads in your account, throw it against broad and just see performance stock.

And you're like, wow, Nick's a scam. Even though this video is completely free, but realistically, here's what you need to do. You need to start an ad testing campaign about to give you a video exactly what you need to go watch to do that.

You need to test three to 10 new ads per week against broad. So you got to go out there and roll with the ads, create some really great ads that you can put some money behind. Okay.

Use the data to tell you whether or not they're good or bad. And how do you do that? I want you to go ahead, look at the lifetime spend on all these ads you're creating.

Once they cross over one extra AOV or three extra target CPA and are unprofitable, kill it. Okay. So let's say for example, your target CPA is $25.

And basically that's just a cost per acquisition. You need to hit to hit the robust goals. So like if you want to make a three extra robust and your AOV is 90 bucks, you basically just need to get an acquisition of $30 target CPAs, very simple math.

Okay. So after I spent 90 bucks, if you know, not a three extra house in that ad, I'm gonna turn it off. Simple.

Okay. Once you find your winning stack of ads, you might test 30, 40 ads. You're gonna find a winning of like three to four ads.

You can put some money behind set up a CBO through a hundred, $300 per day with one broad ad set in it. Again, one ad set, you don't need multiple, just one ad set. And you run all your profitable ads inside.

So all those ads you found that work, toss them inside and scale it, give it a few days, optimize and scale. For scaling again, we recommend 20%. We like, we like keep looking at the last three days of data and we keep pushing it based off 20%.

And yeah. And again, you might just have to test a lot of ads before this actually works for you. Okay.

But the outcome, the outcome is so much worth it. We'll have an audience that you can scale faster and higher. You won't have to spend another dollar on audience testing.

You'll cut down your time in the ad account by 60 to 75%. You'll be focused on new ads weekly that actually drive the needle. So you'll be doing productive work versus busy work.

And you'll never have to worry about another interest being removed without wreck your business. Also a few things we've been able to see brand scale at a faster rate, which is probably the biggest thing for you guys that you're looking for. So now I think I'm gonna leave you guys with is just a few videos to watch from here.

So I'm sure you guys are probably questioning how I structure my ad account. So here's my simple ad account structure allows me to scale two times faster, basically just going through this process. I no longer do retargeting campaigns.

Here's why. So I'm also going broad. There's some benefits of not running retargeting anymore.

So showcase that as well. And then my actual like video on how to test Facebook as a 2020 where I break down that kind of creative testing campaign. So hope that all helps you guys out.

I really appreciate you watching this video. And it's about 30 minutes long. So I know it's a long video, but I appreciate you guys watching this.

Hopefully this answers everything. I know in some of my videos, I'm not fully broad yet, but you know, pretty much from here now, like in our agency, we're fully broad for all of our accounts. So just something I just want to point that out.

Some of these videos, I can still kind of talk about maybe using best performing interest or broad kind of see my transition. Oh, if you watch my videos from back to January to now, you can see my transition as I slowly go from, Oh, you might want to test broad to, Oh, we're testing. We're working with Rob.

You might want to use your looks like your interest as well. If it's performing better to now, or it's just like we create ads that convert on broad essentially. So thank you guys so much for watching.

If you're a business on at least 50,000 per month in revenue, I'd love to hop on a call from me and my team. We'll jump on a call together and we'll show you how we've been able to scale brands. It's a million dollars a month, multiple hundreds of thousand dollars a month in revenue.

And we'll build a strategy for you that you can take and run with it. Or you have the option to work with us if you choose. So if you're doing less than that, stay subscribed to the channel, be on the lookout.

I will be doing a course soon. I say education course, education company, whatever you guys want to call it, but it's me basically just how to be a great marketer. That's what I'm focusing on with some of the Facebook ad tactics, but it's be mostly focused on how to be a great marketer.

That's where I might be going with the course. So thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.