Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Cereo and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we're going to be talking about frame.io and I'm someone that basically reviews a ton of new creatives every single week. I'll do anywhere from like 30 to 40 new creatives every single week after review. That's a lot of creatives, okay?

There's your videos, there's your photos and probably a lot back with editing teams and stuff like that. And I'm always looking for tools to basically kind of like, how can I bring that down? How can I cut the amount of time I spend a review over creatives down?

And I found this amazing tool that essentially allows me to watch the video or watch the, or look at the photo and add timestamps to it of like what things need to be changed, draw on it, things like that. And it's such in like a real time, fast pace versus me trying to sit there and jot down different like timestamps while looking at creative and then like making notes to it. Just solves so much time.

It saves a lot of time. So very cheap thing. It starts off like $25 a month.

It's not, this video is not sponsored at all. By the way, he's literally just a tool I found. I've been using it for the last two weeks.

It's not an agency and it's crushing it. So guys, with that being said, I want to introduce you guys, introduce you guys to frame that I owe. Before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I know this week we're uploading Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, but next week we'll be back on track. So let's dive into it. So this is frame.io.

It's used by high production, like studios, things like that. So basically, again, it literally does exactly like what I showed you or told you guys about. It allows you to draw at timestamps, all that fun stuff right there.

And yeah, so from an advertising studio, this helps a lot. So you're just going to jump into it real quick. I'm not going to go like super in-depth on a big tour and stuff like that.

So inside of here, I just, I created a project so you can create projects, which each project is like, you know, review. Like, let's say for example, you get some UGC videos back from a creator. Okay.

UGC videos, client name, or UGC videos, and like a little number of unique identifier, right? We're going to call it. So this is my project YouTube test.

And inside this project, you can create some folders. So like, you can do like a new folder. This might be like a mood board.

Essentially, like a mood board is basically just like a string of content that you kind of use to kind of set them like what you want. So like, let's say for example, for shooting a UGC ad, I might do it, drop a photo in there with like what type of text format I want. I drop a video in there, like a good UGC example, things like that.

It's just different things to essentially give inspiration to the editor or like the filmer person is going to film of essentially what I'm looking to articulate to them in the mood and the feeling that I'm giving off to them. And that's a whole nother video. But anyway, and then let's say another new folder might be, let's say, for example, first rough drafts.

This might be like your first iterations and stuff like that. So, or you can just upload the content straight to here. So we're going to do it all.

But anyway, let's actually upload a file, show you guys. So I'll actually give you guys, let's see. All right, cool.

So here is a video ad. We just got back from our editor. Again, you upload it very easy to upload to it.

And you can either keep that video just inside this folder, or you can drop it down into like some sub folders or something like that. If you want to be like super organized and stuff. So, and yeah, and let's just double click on it and give it a second or two.

But there you go. It uploads very quickly, allows you to review very quickly. You don't have to sit down and like wait for, you know, a lot of like, like YouTube, you have to wait for it's like process for a period of time.

So it's pretty straightforward, like uploads and you can almost review it immediately. So, but yeah, so here's the creative. Here's what we put together this weekend.

Video editor put it together. Let you guys see it. Go through.

Cool. So, yeah, I mean, that's pretty much it. Just a very sharp ad.

Very simple. So let's say, for example, I'll watch this and like the old way would be to watch this and like look at the different timestamps right here. So like, let's say for three seconds right here.

And then I basically like open up a notepad and just start making like jot sound. Three seconds. Change the, I don't know.

Can you darken the light in the background? And it's just like, what light is he talking about? Okay.

So now with here, it's like, I can just leave my comment. I don't even have to say at three seconds. I just say, can you please, please darken.

Okay. Now what I can do is, is I can take this little pin tool and I can draw, I can do arrows. I can do a line hour.

I can do like kind of like a circle or square. So I'm just gonna drop, grab the draw tool. I think you choose from different colors, orange, blue, green, things like that.

Yeah. And I can just simply just circle like that. Boom.

There we go. And then I'll hit send. Okay.

Now what's cool is right here is showing all the different comments. So a video editor can simply just click on any one of them. And it'll, it'll skip to like that timeframe.

So it'll save me like five seconds, click on three seconds. Like click on this one. It'll take them to three seconds.

It'll also show up that. So it's like, can you please darken a slight boom circle. So like from me, from a perspective of communicating to the video editor, it's very easy.

I can quickly articulate to him what I want. It also took me like no time at all to quickly write that down. So that just saved me a lot of time than me trying to have to sit down, jot down the time code, try to explain what I'm talking about.

Maybe take a screenshot, draw on it, add it, upload. Like that's another way we've done it before. And yeah.

And then hopefully he understands he or she understands. And then when I get the video back, hopefully he or she made that edit. So like this way right here, it just makes it very easy to remember all the comments.

You can also mark it as complete. So as he's editing or he or she's editing, you can, they can go ahead and like market complete so they can look at the whole list. So let's just go ahead and put the list together.

Cool. Oh wait, boom. Let's add, can, um, add a glass break sound effects.

So like when she throws that plant, can we add like glass break sound effects? Okay. Boom.

Not sure about this headline. Can we test a second variation? Uh, I don't know the perfect gift.

There we go. So like, obviously you go ahead, you'll add everything. Yeah.

Very simple. And let's see, can we change the colors? Okay.

So yeah, very simple. Um, so we did all of our things. Now let's say for example, a video editor and also to like, just from another perspective, you can also like change this right here to like needs review.

So, and we can also share this project with other like team members inside of the, um, project in that center there. So basically let's say for example, I can put my video editor on it. I can put my client on it.

I mean, if I'm working with clients, um, not, I can just add other team members. And that way we can all kind of add comments and then also to like reply to them and things like that. So, but yeah.

So like, let's say for example, boom, I'm reviewing this. I'm an editor. Cool.

Add a glass break sound effect. I can open up that project file. I can add it.

Boom. Mark complete. All right.

What's the next edit they want? Can you please darken a slight? I have no clue how that's possible.

Um, you know, if I'm the editor, not sure if that will be possible, but we'll send over some examples. Okay. There we go.

So now obviously like, again, pretend I'm like the editor since right there. So then, yeah, cool. Change this more complete.

Okay. We just got blends in. Cool.

Complete. So, and then what I basically do is, um, you know, I might switch it over to like in progress as the editor and I'll put it back, back as review. And then that way, like the project manager, whoever's like review the creatives can actually go ahead and like look over that.

So, but yeah, very simple tool. Like I love it. And also too, the cool thing about it is you can actually download straight from here.

So you can hit like download as ABC. You can also download a simple proxy, which a proxy is just a lower quality version just for a quick review, uh, for whatever reason. So that's pretty cool.

Yeah. And then you can also share it for review. So if you're working from a client perspective right there, um, you can copy a link and you can send it over to people kind of like a Google drive in that sense right there.

So, but yeah, really cool. I love it. Um, and yeah, like I said, you can also like add in different like projects and stuff.

So like, let me just show you guys one, this is the demo project that comes with like, once you like do your like thing. So like, here's your pre-production. This is where it has like your, you know, your timeline.

Um, these are all things that you can upload just from like a perspective of planning the creative. Here's the mood board while I was talking about. So that was pretty cool.

So I was just show you guys. And then, um, yeah, so they already have like a demo project frame that IO, uh, you get this with your like 14 day free trial. And again, like I said, so you ain't sponsor anything like that.

It's also $25 per month per team member. So if you have a team of like three, um, that's $75 per month, you have vicious you and your video editor, it's $50 per month. So it's $25 per person, uh, from a team perspective.

Yeah. Works amazing. I absolutely love it and it's helped our agency a ton.

So for you guys, it's doing a lot of creative. I highly recommend diving into this. It's going to help you a lot.

So thank you guys so much for watching. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.