Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we'll be talking about some of the top mistakes beginner people make, specifically with Facebook ads and e-commerce stores. So this will be a little bit of Shopify, Facebook ads, maybe a little bit of email marketing and SMS. We'll see.

But hopefully this video kind of shed some light of some of the beginner mistakes, maybe some of the top common mistakes that happen on a day-to-day basis with a lot of brands, brand owners and stuff. And you know how to avoid some of those with your Facebook ads and Shopify store and all that stuff. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and also hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

Let's get started guys. Okay, so some of the top mistakes with Facebook ads and Shopify, I think finally, let's just start off from the top. So before you can even launch Facebook ads, you need a store.

So when you're making your Shopify store, the first thing we like to look out at before like when we're qualifying clients and stuff to work with us or even prospects, is we like to look at how well the store is put together and how easy is the navigation of the store and the user experience and stuff of the store. So we want to see two to three colors on the website. You know, generally it's white and black, white background, you know, black navigation bars, and then, you know, some green, blue, red, whatever your, you know, secondary color is.

We're making it very easy to navigate, very appealing and honestly simplistic websites crush it compared to these, you know, very themed websites. So for example, we work with one client, it's very hard to navigate his website and he's like, oh, but it's my, it's my brand, it's my image and stuff. And, you know, we simplified it and stuff and we've seen conversion rates shoot through the roof.

He's making a ton more money. So it really comes down to, you know, do you care more about your brand image or do you care about how much more money you're going to make? You know, if you can double your conversion rate overnight, you're going to double your sales overnight.

And how much does that super branded complex look and very, you know, hard to navigate website is worth to you compared to a very simplistic one, very easy to navigate and go through and stuff like that. So that's number one, keep it simple when it comes down to the website. Number two is have good product quality product photos on the website, all your shipping and information, your privacy policies, all those things are put on the website as well.

People can easily find those. The description needs to quickly describe the product, go over the pros and cons of using the product, the benefits, whatever, kind of like go a little bit into the product, depending on whether you're, if you're more in like a fashion apparel, do maybe something of like a little bit of description about how it feels and stuff, you know, describe the product, you know, be able to sell people on the product using that product page and stuff. And then to group your products into collections.

And that way it makes it easier for people to find your products on your website. If you have multiple different products and stuff, include customer photos, customer testimonials and stuff on the product page, have some reviews put together. All that stuff that increases trust and stuff like that helps out a lot.

Also to don't do like go look at like some dropshipping stores and stuff and then look at like some professional stores and don't make any of the mistakes of those dropshipping stores because nine times out of ten, they look very spammy, scammy and stuff like that. And people don't really like them with some of these higher end stores and stuff. Very simplistic.

And it's all about user like experience and stuff. So really, really good trust. And that's what's really key when you're buying something online is having that trust and those trust factors in place, which increases conversion rate.

So next thing is, you know, your website's optimized and stuff, your products optimized and everything. And also, too, you know that your product works. You know, your product has a proven potential.

You don't just dive into Facebook ads, spend a bunch of money on a product that has no proven potential. So make sure you have that, you know, good to go. So now you're ready to go with Facebook ads.

I think with Facebook ads, a lot of people that just grab a random photo of the product, write some random ad copy, grab one or two interests, set up a campaign, put either $100 to $500 a day on it, maybe $1,000 a day on that particular campaign. Let it run for a day or two and see no results. So first things first is you need to understand what's your breakeven ROAS.

So you need to calculate your cogs and stuff. I have a video on the channel for how to calculate your breakeven ROAS with even a tool for that. You make sure you get your breakeven ROAS put together.

Then after that, what you need to do is you need to get some really good content with your product. So the best way to get good content with product is to go find five of your competitors selling your same product, but at scale. And look at the content and creative they use in the ads for that particular product.

Then what you want to do is you want to go ahead and look at the ad copy and write some ad copy relatively close to what they're using as well for those ads. So you have some ad copy that basically is proven. You have some creatives that's basically proven.

And then what you want to do next is you want to find a few different interests you can target with Facebook ads to sell your product. Now, before we actually launched a campaign with a proven creative, proven copy, and proven, you know, interests that are not necessarily proven, but interests that we think will work really well for the brand. What we want to do next is set up your columns on your website or not on your website, your ads manager.

So make sure you set up the columns properly for, you know, click-through rate percentage, CPM, purchases, purchase conversion, value, ROAS, landing page views, ads cards, all that stuff. So we can actually track the information that Facebook has given you. So now again, I missed one thing and that was like your Facebook pixel.

Make sure your Facebook pixels installed properly. Have a video on my channel of how to set up Facebook pixel with server-side tracking. Have a video on the website on, um, or my channel on how to do aggregated event measurement.

So that way you can make sure you're tracking properly with this iOS 14.5. Uh, so make sure all that's done too, right before you hit that launch button. Now, after you publish, you're going to get a better, better chance and opportunity with multiple different interests in single interest ad sets.

So like one campaign with 10 ad sets, maybe two times your goal purchase is what you're, you want for the daily budget of each one of those, um, interests. And what that's going to do is, is it's going to give you a much, much a better chance at positioning your product and your brand in the market. So you're going to have a really good website, really good creative copy, good multiple different interests you can test.

So you're not relying on just all your eggs in one basket. And you can have a very, very good chance at hitting the market strong with your product and increasing sales and stuff. So now that's kind of like some of the beginning mistakes.

I see a lot of people making with Facebook ads and stuff and Shopify. Lastly is email marketing. Didn't really touch much on that, but make sure you get Klaviyo.

Klaviyo dominates MailChimp and all that other stuff. Get Klaviyo. Look up a few YouTube videos on YouTube on how to set up flows for, you know, a band of carts for welcome series and stuff like that.

And set up some flows because you're going to make up another additional 20 to 30% of revenue that Facebook ads is going to miss out on through using those flows and stuff with Klaviyo. So make sure you get all of that taken care of. And that's also going to be some of the other beginning mistakes I see a lot of people don't make.

So this is all stuff you can do within one or two days. It's something quick, effective, and it's going to make you a lot of money. It's like I said, some of the beginner mistakes I see very, very common with Facebook ads, Shopify, and a little bit of email marketing.

So I really hope this helps. I know it's kind of just kind of touching on a few different things, but these are a lot of the things I see consistently over and over inside of audits and stuff like that for these beginner brands doing like zero to $10,000 a month in revenue. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

If you're a Shopify e-commerce business owner and you're looking to scale with your paid advertising and stuff, scale your store to new monthly highs, then make sure you click link below to book a call with us. And I'll actually hop on a call with you and we'll lay out a detailed strategy for you for the next few months of how to actually achieve those goals. And whether you choose to work with this or not, you'll leave the call with a valuable piece of information to help your brand.

Now don't forget to hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio and I really hope you enjoyed this video and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.