Building Facebook ads can be challenging, and especially if you don't know what process to follow. So today, I wanna dive into the system we use to be able to create Facebook ads that convert from everything from the research phase to how we write it out, and a couple of different processes we follow to write out an ad that bangs and just absolutely crushes it inside of our accounts. So let's get started.

As mentioned, everything starts off with research. So research kind of dives into a couple of different areas. You have like your brand, you have competitors, and then you just have the niche in general.

So some stuff that we really like looking at for the brand is the ad comments. It's one of my favorite places. I found some absolutely amazing winners for our accounts by simply just going and looking at the comments in the ads.

For example, we had one client that stole about 5K a day in revenue, and we saw a comment of like a girl tagging another girl in one of the ads and saying like, girls' night soon, question mark. And we were able to come there and take that comment, and we created a whole ad script around girls' night for that product. We were able to scale us about $30,000 a day with that particular comment right there and just that ad concept that we created based off of that.

So ad comments work absolutely amazing, especially the ones that are like, you know, pretty good in terms of like unique and everything. Support inbox, another good place to just kind of understand like common questions and concerns about the products that maybe we can address in an ad before people click on like the sales page. Same thing for reviews, good and bad.

You know, why people loved it. Like, you know, especially if someone says something unique you never heard before, you can really go and create that review into an ad. And I'm not saying like we need to go like copy the review and put in an ad.

I'm saying like we can create a script around that particular thing that they said in that ad, that review right there. So tag posts on IG has also been good in terms of like understanding how customers are viewing the product, how they're using the product. Also too, as well, just from a perspective of like how the customers are talking about the product, like what's the language they use.

That helps a lot right there. Next thing is competitors. I like to look at two competitors.

Competitors are selling the same product as you and then also competitors solving the same problem as you. So for example, I run a Facebook ad agency. I run Facebook ads for brands.

So like I'll look at other Facebook ad agencies and then also two people solving the same problem as me. Well, problem I solve is helping people scale. So I can also look at other different types of agencies that help people scale.

Email marketing, Google ads, TikTok, a CRO, these other types of agencies solving the same problem of increasing that money for the business. And you wanna look at reviews, good and bad. You wanna look at their ad libraries and everything.

You can look at like a Foreplay or just go to Facebook ad library itself. Great places to find ads that competitors are running. YouTube, Reddit, just articles on Google and things like that.

Really great place as well. Watching a lot of the reviews of the product itself. Finding and understanding what people love and hate about it.

So that way you can better understand how you need to position yourself in the marketplace. And lastly, it's just community content in general. So for example, like we're advertising a product right now in the gym space.

I think I probably spent like two hours when they just scrolling on gym TikTok and just watching gym TikTok. Nothing specific to our product, just gym niche in general to better understand what's grabbing people's attention, what type of people are in it, what type of people are getting the most attention, what are people doing in the videos and stuff that's getting attention. And I'm just asking myself these types of questions right there.

And basically what the goal here is you want to write down any headlines that grab your attention, words that grab your attention, visuals that grab your attention. You know, what's kind of the commonality between like what people want, like what do people desire, people dream. You know, like if I write like how to scale Facebook ads and like I put that YouTube video, it gets a lot of views.

And it's like, obviously people want to scale Facebook ads there. They want to make more money. So like that's something right there to kind of look at.

What are people struggling with? For example, if it's a gym content you go watch two hours of, what's a common problem that people kind of like struggle with or at least you observe? What if people tried and felt that?

So if I go watch a bunch of gym TikTok content and I see a lot of people making jokes about how the pre-workout is just not strong enough, then maybe I can go try and like make a stronger pre-workout or something like that. Any ad ideas that come to your mind as you research? So as I'm researching, I'll tend to get in that flow state of just like, you know, consuming a lot of ads and content and I'll start having my own ideas pop in my head.

I'm also writing those down. So pretty much have a couple pages of like research and ideas and just headlines, like all of this on a couple pieces of paper. And my goal from here is I want to start actually writing with all that inspiration we have.

And I don't really like to say write, I like to say assemble ads. So all of our ads, we assemble them with a bunch of key components. I don't just sit down and write an ad and boom.

I kind of take a few key ideas here and there and then I just assemble them together to make one ad. So I just want to keep that in mind. So here's our assembly line.

We'll review the research. So I'll go through all my research and then what I'll do is I'll start writing down ad ideas from all that research. So I spend all my time, you know, go research hundreds of articles and videos and I spend, like you should probably easily spend no less than five hours a week on research.

So just putting that in perspective. And then from there, I want to start going through all that research, all my notes, and I want to start writing down all the ad ideas I have. So, you know, I might pull some of the ad ideas I've already wrote down.

I might pull some of those headlines that caught my attention and I'm just writing down those ad ideas. And then the one I like the most and I'm just going to simply look, we don't want to catch my attention the most and I'm just going to pick that idea and I'm going to start writing. I'm going to take that idea and I'm just going to start rewriting it as hooks.

So like maybe the ad idea I have is how to scale Facebook ads in 2024. Well, from there, I'll start writing hooks around that. Five ways to scale Facebook ads in 2024.

New strategy revealed that scales Facebook ads in 2024. How to scale Facebook ads even if you have no credit history. How to scale Facebook ads if you live under a rock.

The plain and simple way to scale Facebook ads in 2024. What needs to happen to scale Facebook ads in 2024? How do you know if you can scale your Facebook ads in 2024?

How to scale Facebook ads in 2024? Like I just start writing all these different hooks and what I'll do is in breakthrough advertising they also give out like 33 or 34 different headline patterns. So like measure the size of the claim.

So I'm 61 pounds lighter. How to scale Facebook ads to a 3x robust. Measure the speed of the claim.

How to scale Facebook ads in as little as 30 seconds a day. Compared the claim to its unnamed rival. That's actually an interesting one right there.

So new Facebook ads strategy scales Facebook ads six times faster. Metaphorize the claim. Melts away ugly fat.

Ooh. New Facebook ad strategy floats money into your bank account. So just give me an example right there.

And what I'll do is I'll write down a couple hooks and around that core idea. And from there I'm just going to basically go ahead and I'm going to review them all and I'm going to pick my favorite one. And I'm also going to remember that like my main hook that I'm going to use for an ad needs to call your ideal audience and it needs to make people curious to read slash watch more.

So I find a lot of people struggle with hooks because they make statements. Whereas you want to make people curious. So like for example you watched this video because you wanted to know my system for creating Facebook ads that convert.

But if I just said something like I don't know just very straightforward it's just a statement and there's no curiosity behind it you won't really get views. And it also imply a benefit. So if you just make people curious but there's no benefit behind it then it's like okay and I don't care.

or you just get the wrong people that goes for it. So I like to make people curious and imply a benefit or a problem being solved that only my ideal audience will resonate with. So like I don't need to call out Facebook advertisers how to scale Facebook ads in 2024 because likely only Facebook advertisers want to know how to scale Facebook ads in 2024.

Next thing. So then you want to write the rest of the rough draft. So you have your idea you have your finalized headline five ways to scale Facebook ads in 2024.

Now you want to write your rough draft and that's it. So write your rough draft. You have one goal of the rough draft and that's just to write the rough draft.

The rough draft can be ugly. The rough draft can sound completely illiterate. The rough draft can does not like can be completely not even a Facebook ad just write.

That's all I want you to do. I don't care what it looks like. I don't care what it sounds like.

I just want you to get your idea out on paper. You can also use chat GPT here to write the rough draft as well to where like here's the hook. Here's our idea for that hook and write the rough draft for me chat GPT.

Then you can copy it to Google Doc as well. Now we can start the actual work. Here is where we're going to go down into the strategy side.

So we're going to rewrite that rough draft but we want to rewrite it for strategy. What is strategy? Strategy just means that we're going to make sure this this particular piece of content we have now conveys the clearest possible message as concisely as possible.

So like one problem I commonly see people is they're talking about too many random shit in the ad. If we're going to want to showcase how to scale Facebook ads in 2024, we want to make sure it only talks about how to scale Facebook ads in 2024. I see people write how to scale Facebook ads in 2024, then they start getting into like the most random shit.

Here's how to write a Facebook ad. Here's how to, you know, do bid caps unless that's part of the strategy right there. Here's why you need to use Shopify automation to scale Facebook.

Like it's just random shit. And it's like, it needs to be a clear, concise message. It needs to appeal to one desire, one persona, one awareness, and one sophistication level.

And then what you want to do is you want to make sure that you strengthen the desire for the product with the examples on the next slide. I'm going to show you in a second here. So what do I mean by that?

So this is part of the strategy rewrite. And for example, I was talking to a student before this call and the student had like a really amazing product, but he was not bringing that value out of the product. So like he had like two or three really good benefits of his product, but he was just covering them really fast.

So like if we, if we have like, let me, let me, let me give you an example really quick. For example, there's this new emotion baiting strategy that we launched at Skills Facebook Ads works really well. So where will they get their desire satisfied?

So, you know, like where is, where will they get the benefit of Facebook Ads being scaled? Well, every time they log into their computer, they're going to be so happy of like when they check their Facebook Ad account and they can see day over day performance of increase. Next one, when will they get their desire satisfied?

So where's like, you know, where at when it's like, you know, you can do it from two different perspectives. You can talk about speed. You can also talk about when in terms of like time.

So like, for example, right when you open up your computer in the morning, you check Facebook and boom, the account is just flourishing. Next one is how will their desire be satisfied? So we're just showing more of the logical aspect right there of how, of how this product helps them scale.

So how does our emotion breeding strategy work in short? And that's where we explain that a little bit and make sure we tie it back to them scaling. So these are all different ways we can showcase in that ad of how, like, because once you get people into your ad, once you hook them in, they start reading the ad.

Your goal is to build undeniable proof that our product is the best thing for them, right? So we won't use all of these. There's 14 of these that you can leverage, but we'll use a couple, right?

It's like, if you use all 14, it should be like, eh. So our goal is to go through these, figure out which ones apply and also which ones apply to the concept we want to do. And that way, instead of just saying, here's how to scale Facebook ads, you're going to use this new strategy and it's going to increase performance.

That's like, all right, cool. But then if we like start talking about all the different times performance will be increased, we showcase how other people use this strategy and how it's amazing. We start expanding that picture in their mind of how amazing it is.

Now, you rewrote it for strategy or you wrote your draft draft, you rewrote it for strategy. Now we're going to rewrite for style. Style is just simply making it more entertaining, more descriptive, more big impact words.

And we want to cut the fat. So, more entertaining. Maybe we read the article How to Scale Facebook Ads for 2024 and there's just literally no emotion.

It's just dead. Just like, here's how to scale Facebook ads. You do this and after that, you do this.

It's like, the fuck? Boring. So, we want to kind of make it a little bit entertaining, a little comedy if you can in here and there.

A little bit of emotions as well, motion pulling. Then the next thing is descriptive words. So, here's how to scale Facebook ads.

Here's how to explode your Facebook ad results in 2024. So, just give me another example right there. Big impact words, explode, you know, take your Facebook ads results to the stratosphere.

You know, you can start kind of getting into those funny things right there. But, again, just have fun with that. but, don't overuse it to where it's just like constant, like descriptive, constant, big impact where it's just like, eh.

Also, too, don't use too many big words that, you know, you want to try to keep everything about fourth grade reading level is what people say. So, don't use anything too crazy that kind of pulls people like, what is that word? What did he say?

So, just keep that in mind and also cut the fat. Cut the fat of the things that just aren't needed in there and you'll kind of understand that when you're going through it for entertaining. And then, lastly, we want to rewrite this for flow.

So, flow basically just means that you can go through your ad and it flows. It flows naturally. It shouldn't sound hard to read.

It shouldn't be hard to read and it should sound like a just normal conversation right there. It's an old thing in like copywriting where it's just like, literally, just read out the ad out loud just like I am right now talking to you guys. and read it out loud and it should flow naturally.

You shouldn't stutter. You shouldn't kind of like kind of catch yourself as you're reading it. It shouldn't have to be like, wait, wait, what was that?

It should just naturally. And that's the last rewrite which is flow and again, just to like recap of like where all this is applied. This is going to be applied to your body copy.

This is going to be applied to the Facebook ad headline and then this is applied dominantly right here to our creative script which is our creative script right here. This is a video ad that we produced for one of our clients and then what we'll do is we'll simply produce this creative script right here, our copywriter will and then what we'll do is we'll forward this over to our visual creator which our visual creator then goes ahead and visually articulates this script right here whether he needs to hire UGC creators whether he needs to like get something highly produced from the client or just with content we simply have them follow already to be able to visually articulate this. But yeah, and you can see right here how to cut five shots off your handicap that's the script and then we have a couple different examples here of visuals that can be leveraged to you know like one it could be hitting a golf ball another one could be ball going in the hall the hole and another one could be golf scorecard without changing your swing the players swing in the club introducing Imagine Golf show off the app on the screen showing off scrolling through the app showing off the lessons yeah so like pretty straightforward right here of like you create the script and this is what we use to create that script this whole process right here and we do this many times a week on average we produce one or two concepts a week per client we work about 10 to 12 clients at a time because we like to keep quality over quantity and we do this every single time we produce a concept so you know one client over the course of a year will produce anywhere between 50 to 100 different ad concepts and that's going through this whole process 50 to 100 times for one client a lot of you guys I see you know y'all do this once you don't get it you don't you don't get a winning ad and you're like well didn't work I'm not gonna do this again it's like look we have a hit rate of like 10 to 20% so we'll do this 10 times and we'll expect one or two ads to take off and really help the business so just put things in perspective right there but yeah guys hope y'all enjoyed this video hit that like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday if you have any questions around me running your ads click link below have Nick Terrio run your ads we help Shopify brands scale from 100k a month to multiple seven figures a month we've helped four brands now love to help you do the next also have my monthly mentoring program which is more just more private intimate to future ads reviewed by me and then lastly I have my Facebook ads course which is 80% marketing fundamentals and 20% of actually how to run Facebook ads which goes a lot more in depth of all of these key things and all of that can be found in the comments below thank y'all so much for watching my name is Nick Terrio I'll talk to you guys later peace out with me