Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and hope you are having a great day.

Welcome to another exciting video today. I really want to sit down and kind of talk about my 2022 e-com projections of what I'm looking at in the marketplace and things like that and what I'm doing differently because I'm sure that's all in your mind. So before we get started, make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and comment some of your projections of what you think for 2022.

So with that being said, let's dive into the video. So sipping on some nice little Americano right now from Starbucks. Again, my apologies.

This should be the last video you guys will see the last three videos plus this video. Just sick with the thing, you know what I'm talking about. But I'm all good, feeling great.

Just still kind of in the head cold, all that fun stuff. Long story short, 2022 for e-commerce. What is my projections?

And let's be kind of opening the talk right quick. We'll chat about it. You know what?

For 2022, realistically, I'm very optimistic. I feel like 2021, you know, 2020, we had to really push hard up just due to everyone home, quarantine, stuff like that. We've seen kind of a sharp decline for like a week and then a harsh incline in sales for e-com.

And e-com did really great in 2022. There's a graph somewhere for e-commerce projections. And like it was been growing year over year over year.

And then 2020 hit a big harsh spike. So now it's going to kind of fall back down and reset along that path. So I feel like 2021 on top of just that reset.

And then on top of 14.5, people pulling back spin. And you know, all these tracking issues and all this fun stuff. Long story short, I feel like 2021 was kind of a reset year in the e-commerce space.

And then all this other fun stuff with TikTok growing and booming. We're seeing people set up these one product stores, create a video or two on TikTok, explodes organically. And then all of a sudden now, they're doing a couple thousand dollars a day in sales purely through organic TikTok, just through videos exploding and stuff like that, organic, which is really cool.

And funny, that's been really, really, really, really cool to kind of take a look at. But long story short, there's no crazy projections I have for 2022 besides the kind of resetting and as getting back on normal growth year over year. Now, a quick update on 14.5.

Yes, Nick, 14.5 is going on. Like you can't just go into 2022 expecting nothing different. I mean, yeah, you're correct about that.

In fact, actually, I'm actually very optimistic on 14.5. I still very much believe that 14.5 is actually going to be pulling back. Not to where it used to be.

If you think we're going back to where it used to be, you are very, very wrong. But what I personally believe, and this is also has been unofficially confirmed by Apple. I just got back from a mastermind where just a few people in there doing Facebook advertising have a cumulative total of about a billion dollars in spend management and just following the right people.

There's been an article that was released sometime late December, early January. Basically, Apple stated that, unofficially stated, that the reason they were doing 14.5 was essentially to block device fingerprinting and to limit data to these big advertisers, Facebook, Snapchat, Google, Instagram, TikTok, stuff like that. But due to these advertisers not being compliant with 14.5 in terms of still finding ways to get around it, that they're essentially just going to kind of let it chill and they're going to be pulling back some of the level of data that's being held back.

On top of that, and if you notice, Facebook now went from a one-day click for accurate data. It's now like being like seven-day click. Now you get full like accurate data.

So there's some things going around with that as well. Apple also like 10Xed their ad revenue income. So like if you look at Apple's graph in terms of ad revenue over 2021, beginning year it was low and then it has a really short increase because more and more people start using Apple's advertising ad revenue.

So again, Apple basically got what they wanted. They got a ton of money, but then they realized, hey, we're making like a ton of money. I'm not really focused too much on making sure these platforms are being enforcing it because we're making our money like we want it.

If you thought 14.5 is about privacy, you're definitely, yeah. You definitely didn't see the full picture there. 14.5 is not about privacy.

14.5 is a cash grab by Apple to get you into their ecosystem. Like if you look at their Apple's ecosystem, they're very clicky, stuff like that. They want you in that ecosystem.

They want to make as much money off of you as possible. Long story short, 14.5 wasn't about privacy. 14.5 is a cash grab by Apple.

They made their money. These other platforms aren't fully cooperating with them, but due to their significance, they need them as well. They co-consist together and they need that.

And due to that for Apple's like, hey, we're not going to go too crazy anymore. We're going to kind of just let y'all have a little bit more lead way, which that's going to do is improve tracking and improve ROAS or just tracking improvements for going in 2022. I've started up a new ad account and that does good 50-50 Apple Android in the last week.

And we're seeing a 50 or 100% accuracy right now on Facebook side. Again, that's a one-off account right there. We just started off this brand new ad account, yada, yada, yada.

Can't go too further into that. So I project to see better tracking and improvements on the Facebook side. And these platforms reported in platform reported ROAS.

I see that to improve in 2022. I think if you're not really focused on creative, you're still way back in 2018. You can't just rely on the algorithm to go find your customers anymore.

You need to be very good at your marketing fundamentals and become an expert marketer at heart. Because then if you're an expert marketer at heart, you know how to grab attention. You know how to create desire for your product and reason to take action now.

What that's basically going to do is it's going to allow you to, regardless of what platforms come and go, you're always going to have those fundamentals to be able to rely back on. So that's a big one right there. TikTok.

I see TikTok growing in 2022. I would definitely be allowing at least 10% of your monthly ad spend right now and allow you to keep that to TikTok. Also another 10% of your monthly ad spend to influencers.

I feel like that's highly underrated right now. So going into the new year, we're still heavy relied on Facebook, but we're like a 60% on Facebook now. Other 40% is divided between Google, TikTok and influencers.

So 70, 30. And then we're scaling up these. And as we scale these up, we're growing our basically our marketing budget month over month.

Heavy, heavy, heavy. Getting focused on creative, focused on marketing fundamentals, diversify your spin across platforms. And then just go in 2022, which is an optimistic look.

Like realistically, there's nothing crazy changing. Last year, 14.5 was hammering on us, but now I feel like we're kind of recovering from 14.5. And at that stage, we're rebuilding right now.

And that's the equivalent to everything right now. So long story short, I'm very optimistic for 2022. This is a short video, but yeah, just want to kind of touch on this real quick.

I don't have anything crazy for 2022. I'm very optimistic, very bullish on it. And I'm looking forward to 2022.

I think it's be the best year ever for e-commerce. So that being said, hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you're an e-com business owner, just making at least 50K a month and looking for an agency that's helped scale brands to six, seven figures, eight figures a year, then make sure you click the link below.

Book call me and my team will do a strategy session with you. You can take that strategy session and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose. Make it less than 50K off.

Hit that subscribe button. Stay following the videos as my goal is to be transparent with you as much as possible to give you everything you need to scale up your brand. So that's with that right there.

Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button. Comment your projections below.

And my name is Nick Tarrio. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.