At the time of filming this video, Black Friday is 23 days away, and that means we're getting close and you likely might be kind of stressed with all this going in. Hopefully you have creatives prepped. If not, I have your back today.

As usual, the godfather of advertising, Nick Theria, is coming to help you save the day. I'm just messing with you. I don't really think I'm the godfather of advertising, but I do know a lot of you guys get some cool results and stuff and I get some cool stuff prepped for you guys today.

We'll be talking about the top Black Friday ads that you need to be running this year. I've done over $100 million with Facebook ads for my clients, and I'm about to show you the exact Black Friday creatives that we ran last year to do over $8 million just for Black Friday. So that being said, let's dive into the video.

Here's creatives you need to win for Q4. I'm also going to give you some bonus ones, by the way, on top of that. But number one is you need some creatives to build your VIP list.

I like to run a Legion campaign to acquire emails and SMS and I give them 24-hour access to our Black Friday event. I give that just 24 hours before the main event launch. This one right here, this is from one of our old clients and we had her film a video where she just basically stated that we're doing 24-hour early access.

What the offer was, you get up to 65% off. And a couple other just little things about what they're going to get for this event. And this thing crushed.

I mean, we're getting like $1 to $2 cost per lead for this client running that ad right there. And we run these about 10 days prior. It's actually launching the main events.

This is another version, except this is more of a graphic. So the other one was a video. This is more of just a photo.

This one actually, I think it was something like $2 or $3. So this one actually crushed it, but still just another version. We're just hitting a photo side.

So we're going to get a little bit of a mix of video and photo into the account, which is something I typically like to do. Next is hype building. So where we come there and we take a couple of videos of, I'm a big fan of Alphalete.

Alphalete? Alphalete. Alphalete.

Alphalete is a clothing brand, Christian Guzman, a big follow of him. And every launch, he has all of his content creators do like a try on haul, unboxing, and like just a reminder about the big events and everything that's going to happen every time he does a launch. So essentially, that's what we're going to do right here.

We want to create some content that just shows off the products that's going to be on sale, show off the offer, show all the cool things they're going to get. We're running the biggest music festival and we need to get as many people there. So we just want to kind of hype up this Black Friday event in every single way we can.

And basically another version of hype building right here where we're just simply in ethically stating that, hey, we have over 5,000 people on the list and there's only 4,000 items in inventory. This is a pure ethical play here. We actually only had 4,000 items in inventory and we did have over 5,000 people on the list.

So be ethical about this one, but it's another really good one right here that can help get you a lot more people into, you know, hyped up and into your funnel. Now, this is another one I like to run. I run this on the day of the 24-hour early access.

This is for one of our clients, Icon Amsterdam. And basically we run this when we do our early access, which is 24 hours prior to Black Friday starting. I run this as a retargeting ad.

The only time I'll ever run a retargeting ad in the existence of running Facebook is just for this list. And I just target people that signed up to that VIP list and I just run it for 24 hours and that's it. And I give people the code to access the website.

Now, the next one is our actual BFCM creatives. These are the creatives that actually go on live on Black Friday. So this is just a graphic right here.

You can see just simple. A couple things I want to point out really quick. The text is just straight up Black Friday sells live and the offer.

This is an aware market awareness. So they already know us. They already love us.

They already trust us. They probably have already bought from us. So all we need to simply do is state the offer in the least aggravating way.

Now, next one is just fresh new videos and photo content that we filmed specifically for Black Friday. You're not doing this anywhere else. You're just doing it for Black Friday.

Brand new content we're introducing to the account. We want to grab people's attention in a new way. We filmed some new stuff.

That way it's just kind of like a new way to capture attention in the account. Now, same thing but for new photos. And then next one we're going to start talking about is taking your best performing content.

This is the content that performs all year long. And we just take this content, but we put a banner on it. Black Friday sell now live.

40% off site wide. It's for another one of our clients, middle address signs. And we do this every year with just one creative that just consistently crushes for the account.

And it works really well. And same exact thing, but all we did here was we put this banner on a best performing photo for another one of our clients, black gold right here. Another one that's crushed it fairly often for us.

Now, this is not the next few slides. These are not our clients. So just going to be fully transparent on that right there.

But this is what we want to do after Black Friday. So Black Friday, Cyber Monday ends on Monday, November 27th. And we want to push on November 28th from November 28th to December 1st, which is a Friday.

That's Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Friday after Cyber Monday is over, we want to drop a new product. Now, I say Christmas drop.

It doesn't need to be Christmas specific in terms of like candy canes, for example. It just needs to be a product you drop after Black Friday. That is it.

And the reason why is because the most like a psychological proven way to get people who just spent a lot of money with you to purchase again is through a drop. You drop something new and it's like, golly, I have to have that. I'm going to go buy again.

So this has been a really great way to pick up sales because we know performance dips really bad after Cyber Monday all the way like December 5th. So this just gives us a drop on a Friday. Sales pick up Friday, Saturday, Sunday.

And then guess what? After that Sunday, that Monday, the Monday after Cyber Monday, that's when we do and start launch all of our buy before Christmas apps. You buy now and you get it before Christmas.

And you want to state the date you have to shop before. So like here, it was the 18th, 12, 18th. So and then you basically buy it now and you'll get it just in time for Christmas.

So you want to launch ads here and state that. You can also basically state like an offer if you want to run like a 10% off, 20% off. You can also do that as well.

But this works really well and it creates more urgency and stuff. But be ethical about this. Like if your shipping takes 30 days, you better not be buying buy before, like buy it now and get it before Christmas.

It takes five days and cool. Christmas only like the 25th, you can run and buy like up until like the 20th. Again, just figure out what that buy now is.

You get it before Christmas and then just state that in all of your creatives. And our last one, and again, these are not our clients right here. These two or three creatives, but is a new year drop.

So same exact thing. Like people are used to seeing offers from like December 1st all the way to like Christmas. They're used to seeing sell, buy now, get X percentage off.

So we want to drop a new product to recapture their attention and we want to just drop something new. It's new year, new me. We want drastically new creatives, new content, and we want to have a whole new feel to some of the content.

So that way we can really grab people's attention in a new way. It's just part of the vibe. It's part of the overall kind of macro trend that's going across the market.

And we want to capitalize on that with new things. Just new, new, new. Now don't be the new year, new me with the same shit that you consistently run.

Don't be that person. You know, get some new content and drop a new product. And that's going to serve you really well right there.

So yeah, guys, this is the Black Friday creatives you need to crush in 2023. Again, I've done over $100 million in online revenue from Facebook ads and specifically for my clients. And, you know, run an advertising agency, also coach and mentor students and everything like that.

So if you want to find out more information about both of those links are below. Make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.