So over my recent years of scaling e-commerce brands and just brands in general with Facebook ads, there's been a few brands where like there was just one small pivot we did that just simply like created an overnight like success in that sense right there. I don't like to call it overnight success because it was like multiple, multiple periods of time that we were like focusing on helping this account. But there was like one thing that we just did and boom and the account exploded.

So I want to dive into some of these learning lessons to help you guys help you scale your econ brand. And like I said, we felt multiple brands now scale with probably about five or six of those brands. We've been able to help to scale to multiple seven figures per month in revenue.

So with that being said, let's dive into the video. So back in 2019, working with a female clothing brand, this particular brand was, you know, kid you not losing $30,000 a month on Facebook ads. And they were roughly doing only like 60, 50, 60 K a month in revenue.

So pretty much everything they were spending on Facebook ads, they were getting like a 0.7, 0.9 return on ad spend, actually costing them money every single month. Now when I hopped in this account, I quickly realized that they probably had, you know, 60, 70 campaigns inside of this account, spending roughly only 750 to a thousand dollars a day on Facebook ads. Now I immediately knew this was an issue because trying to manage that many campaigns at such a low budget of only a thousand dollars a day, like that ain't shit.

I was like, you know, we definitely have to be cleaning this up and consolidating this particular account. And kid you not after about just simply taking this account and, you know, basically pulling everything into like one, two campaigns in this account, we were able to scale this account to about three, 400 K a month, about six months later. And just within the first week of consolidating this account, they were hitting three X return on ad spend every single day.

And we were able to quickly scale it's about $1,500, $2,000 a day at a profit instead of losing money on a monthly basis right there. So Gage, one little simple thing. I don't like to say ad account structure will like completely change your business because all of our accounts.

Now we run one campaign per business objective, but when there's accounts running a hundred something, 50 something campaigns, when we hop in the account, that's a time where just changing the ad account structure will fix it depending on their objectives. This particular client only have one objective sell women's clothing into the USA. And she had like two or three different designs that all could be put in the same campaign together.

So guess what? We could keep everything together. There was no reason why we need to go and start breaking out into all those different campaigns right there.

So that was, that was probably one of the biggest early lessons right there that yes, ad account structure won't fix performance unless you just have such a terrible fucking ad account in terms of the ad account structure. Yeah, it will, it will go ahead and improve performance a lot. Now the next scenario working with this metal signs brand, and we were stuck at about a thousand dollars a day in revenue with this brand.

And there's actually two, I guess you could say it was about two, two learning lessons in this one right here. The first learning lesson is that we scaled this client from zero to a thousand dollars a day in revenue. Now at that thousand dollars a day, we had one winning ad that basically found and scaled up that brand's about thousand dollars a day.

Now, once we got to disappoint, I kind of just kept doing the same thing over and over and over. I just kept taking that creative and trying new ways to like manipulate it in Photoshop and Adobe After Effects and tried like new headlines on it, new body copy, primary text, all of those things right there. And I just simply could never find anything new for the account.

And that was about six months. Like we took this account on in December and it wasn't up until about, actually, no, it was actually April. So it was about four months.

Yeah. Literally just could not find anything new. And I just kept spinning my wheels every day.

Just, Hey, I found a winning ad. Boom. Let's just keep redoing that.

And yeah, stuck at about a thousand dollars a day for about four months. Now the second learning lesson here is what I did is I actually stepped back out the account and went, started doing market research to where I could start to understand the market and what the market desired. Once I figured out what the market wanted, I simply went, go ahead and film totally new creatives.

Yes. Not just going to take this, what people wanted and put on the fucking creative been running last four months. Actually went film creatives showing what people want it that I just found for research.

And then I went ahead and took that, launched in the ad account. And guess what? Immediately took overall spend the account.

And within about two, three weeks later, we were able to scale. It's about $5,000 a day. And then all of June and July, that particular summer, we were able to scale up about 10 K a day in revenue just by simply going after that new desire right there.

So long story short, two lessons here. Number one, don't just keep iterating in the same winning ad that you found, because if you just keep iterating on it, guess what? It's going to burn out extremely fast.

Usually I find you have about a week to two weeks after you find a new winning ad to just pump out as many iterations and different things you want to test around it. And then after that, just lock it up, toss the keys out the window and never go back to that thing. That's personally what I've seen work really well for us.

And then the second thing I'm looking at here is that I, when we are testing new creatives from a hierarchy of priorities of what we want to test, I like to go focus on bigger things in the market, big swings. It's what it's called. So new desires, new problems, new symptoms, new ways we can position this product in the marketplace to make it feel new.

And that's what I simply did. I just went simply find a new desire for this product. No one else was positioning around this particular desire and then put this product around it and boom, it crushed.

So I want to go look for those things in the marketplace to be able to go ahead, call those things out, showcase this as a new product for them. And that's what's going to create that new winning creative because people are like, Oh my God, that's amazing. Now it still needs to make contextual sense around that product right there.

If it doesn't make any sense of why that desire matches that product, like then it just, yeah, it's just not going to go anywhere. So don't just put anything random. It needs to still make sense to your customers.

Why that this product satisfies this desire. You just found the marketplace. Now this next pivot comes from a lead generation client that we scaled and this particular lead generation client, you know, we basically did everything, you know, we came in the account, consolidated it, started testing creative, scaled from, you know, like $500 a day when we first came in the account to $10,000 a day in ad spend, all lead generation.

Now, once we got to about 10 K a day in ad spend, we, um, you know, we were, our target cost per lead was $35. And we started seeing a lot more 39, 40, $41 cost per lead days. And I was like, ah, shit, you know, like we're struggling here for 10 K a day.

So the client started putting pressure on us now to get to 15 K a day. And that's been, and lower the cost per lead from about the 39, 40, we're getting down to 35 or less. So I had two challenges right there.

I first had to lower cost per lead. So then I could spend more. And we were able to coast at this 10 K a day in ad spend for about six, seven months.

And we tested hundreds of creatives that kid you not through that period of time. And a lot of the creatives we were testing were problem aware, uh, some solution aware, some product aware and aware creatives right there. And I knew if we wanted to spend more, we would just simply need to reach more people.

Cause when I looked inside of the ad account itself, I saw that like the frequency, the last seven days on my highest spending ad in that particular campaign right there had a pretty high frequency of like 1.6, 1.7, 1.8 right there. So I knew majority of the impressions we were serving were actually coming from people that were just seeing our ad over and over and over. So I knew if we want to spend more, we actually had to go out there and find ads that had a really low frequency so we could reach more people.

So the new ads that we need to focus on, we're going to be ads that just spoke to people that would have just never even like looked at our current creatives now, cause they're in such a different mental spot. This is what's called market awareness. And that's why it allowed me to understand, Hey, if we need to reach more people, we need to go to an unaware market.

Now an unaware market. These are people that don't know they have a problem. They have no desire right now.

They have no clue about your product and they have no clue about what you offer or anything like that. So to create an unaware ad in the first portion of your ad, you cannot call out your desire problem, your product price or anything like that. So you have to go for a hidden fear, or you have to go for a big win.

A hidden fear is just something simply people universally accept. Like we all fear death. I would say like 99% of people that watch this YouTube channel fear death, but it's not like it's something that's constantly on your mind where you're just in a constant like paranoia state or anxiety state.

Big win is something like, you know, maybe getting a Lambo or like a Rolex, but specifically your first time we're getting your first Rolex right there. Those are big wins right there. Majority of people that watch this YouTube channel probably want a Rolex, Lamborghini, maybe a Rolls Royce, maybe McLaren.

They're probably into sports cars, at least for the majority of people in this channel. But again, it's not like you're actively searching for a solution right now to find like a Lamborghini. It's just something that's like, yeah, that'd be so, so cool one day.

So that's an unaware market. So an unaware market, we have to call these things out and then we can go ahead and create a problem for people. So for example, if we go for a big win for Lamborghini, I posted a one Lamborghini on my YouTube channel.

You know, you know, kid you not some motherfucker on Reddit literally said that all I do is share is literally post videos on my YouTube channel talking about my Lamborghini. I've only have one video on my channel with the Lamborghini. Yeah.

People are hating on it. So long story short, this particular video right here, first portion of the video is me talking about the Lambo, getting the Lamborghini and everything. Then after that, how much it costs, creating the problem for people of like, damn, how the fuck do I afford something like that?

So then the solution, which is, you know, starting and scaling a Facebook ads agency right there. So for me right there, that was technically like a unaware ad with a big win for that particular audience right there. So anyway, going back to this particular client, we had to go after a hidden fear.

So we used to hidden fear of losing money again, you know, anyone watching this channel, if someone said, Hey, you owe them a couple thousand dollars may or may not be kind of pissed or like, Oh shit, like I can't afford that. So we highlighted the fact that this little known thing could cost you thousands of dollars and that real people in from a larger scale perspective, which starts it. And then we sold people on the problem in that video.

So again, people still have no clue about the problem. So we reeled them in the idea of the thing that, Hey, this could cost you a lot of money. Then we spent time selling people on the problem.

Then once it made sense about this problem, then we started to sell them on a solution to fix that problem that we just created for them. And then here's our product right there. And kid you not, this particular video we made, it was about a 60 second video pushed inside of the ad account.

And this video actually lowered cost per lead. I think we, when we launched it, lowered cost per lead at $10,000 a day down to about $29, $30 for a cost per lead. And we were able to scale and hold spend at $15,000 a day in ad spend with like a $34, $33 cost per lead.

And even for, I think like three or four days, we scaled up to about $20, $21,000 a day in ad spend, a large corporate client. So we didn't really have control over our ad spend since they have a couple of different departments that like have set budgets for Facebook and all that long story short. Yeah.

That's why, you know, we couldn't scale up any further than that, but yeah, so like that was right there, which is a simple mindset pivot of just simply changing the market awareness that actually scaled and crushed this particular ad account. Now this next pivot comes in October of 2022, where we start working with this particular client and they were hovering around 30 K a month in revenue and long story short, you know, they were doing 30 K a month revenue all year, pretty much. And then October, November, December, a collective total of those three months, they did $3.5 million in revenue.

Now the only pivot that was done in this particular ad account was just simply, they were crushing it in the USA doing about 30 K a month in the USA. And then they had a kid's product that was primed to sell strong in Q4. Again, Q4 is October, November, and December.

Guess what? 90% of kids toys are being sold that Q4. So parents are on the search for actually, you know, purchasing these particular products.

And they had the perfect time where they had their product actually possessed, position for that particular desire of gifting for their kid. So going back to this particular pivot, we did, we didn't really have to do much of a pivot here, but route the real reality here, which is simply pivoting of how we were going to scale this account to multiply that success at a higher rate, AKA, all we did was go ahead and you had your one USA store and one USA campaign for Facebook. We just simply created more Shopify stores all for like, like one Shopify store for Germany in German.

And then it was in the European currency. And then it had German creatives that were specifically in German and like German copy, all of that. So all we did was the pivot, which is simply taking that store, making new stores and making it look like that store is specific to that country right there.

And everything's translated on the Facebook side and the store side to make that store look like it was made in that particular country right there. And what that allowed us to do here, once we scale that across 10 different campaigns, 10 different stores, basically, is that it allowed us to intensify that particular success right there of basically people looking for kids toy from there. And then like I said, long story short, we're able to do about 3.5 million in that three month period of time right there.

And finally, this last pivot right here, we're working with this, one of our inner circle students actually came in and we actually took over all their Facebook ad creatives and stuff and Facebook ads in general. And this one particular student came in, they were at 150K a month in revenue and they were doing everything correctly. They had the correct Facebook ad account structure.

They were testing new creatives every week. They're hiring content creators and everything like they were literally doing everything perfect. And they came in and started working with us because they recognized that, hey, it's not necessarily Nick can do something different in terms of like the actual creative creation.

Nick just simply thinks different about how he approaches creatives and how he positions this product in the marketplace. So it was more of like my mindset of how I look at marketing. And that's why we came on board to take over this account.

Long story short, first month, no real new winners were found in this particular ad account. And about two weeks in the second month, about 45 days working with this client. Now we tested about, I don't know, 25, 30 concepts over that 45 day period.

We found a particular new creative that went ahead and scaled this client to doing over a million dollars a month within six month period of time right there. So about six months after finding that new winning ad, we're able to do a million dollars a month. I think pretty much all of Q4 with that particular client right there.

And what changed? What was the only pivot? So the only thing we did was exactly what we did with the metal signs brand back in the earlier this video right here.

We just simply went ahead, looked at while doing all of our research in the marketplace, we found a desire that no one else was positioning this product for. So all I did was simply go ahead, use that desire right there, go get some new video content filmed for that particular desire, put, plug them in and launched it. And it crushed for this particular account right there.

So long story short, just to solidify that fact right there, that's an easy one for us just to get a really good win in some accounts is you simply looking at what are we not talking to in terms of like desires and stuff. And what is no one else talking to as well? So there's no competition around it.

And then can we go plug our product product in that films from fresh creatives for that particular desire and then launch. And we have our own little blue ocean we can play in and scale in. And it just so much helps makes things so much easier with scaling right there because now it's like less competition.

There's less skepticism as well because people haven't really positioned all this product position for this before. And it just works so much easier a lot of times when we're scaling an account if we can do that right there. So really just another great example.

Really want to show y'all real quick on that side right there. So hopefully y'all enjoyed this video. Make sure the like button hit subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you want me to come inside of your Facebook account, run all of your ads. I specifically work with e-com brands on at least $100,000 a month in revenue for goal of hitting a million dollars a month. So click link below to book a call with me on that call.

We'll go over into everything you're doing, give you a little audit analysis. And then from there, either tell your great fit for the agency or a horrible fit, just kind of depending on what's going on in your accounts. If you're not making 100K muffin revenue and you want my help still, then click link below for the inner circle where I'll hop on one-on-one calls with you, go over your ad account, go over your creatives, all those good things, give you strategic advice of what I would do in your situation for you to then go and deploy in your accounts.

And again, that link will be below. Thank you all so much for watching. We have a good rest of you all day.

Peace out.