What is going on, guys? Welcome back to the channel. Today, I want to go over a case study.

$50,000 a day with Facebook ads and Shopify. And more specifically, this comes from one of my students in my Inner Circle program who literally scaled from $100 a day to $50,000 a day in revenue. Now, this is what I would say, not a typical result.

This is like top 1% of my students in my program. And I want to go over, you know, more specifically, the common things that students who come up program and scale up and start crushing it, the common things that they apply to crush their ad account. So no, it's not going to be like a 30-minute sales letter or anything like that here.

I specifically want to go over the couple different things more specifically to each student that helps them scale and crush it to where you can take it and apply to yourself. And then obviously, if you're interested in the program, I will have a link below. So this comes from one of my students, Max.

Again, he's been in the program for a little over a year now. I want to say he actually came in around last June, July. It's been about a year now.

And yeah, he was only doing about $200, $300 a day in revenue when he first came into the program. And then now he's scaled to over $50,000 a day in revenue. And if you want to pause this and go over this whole, like, you know, testimonial thing like that, you can if you want, but I'm going to skip forward to kind of move forward.

I'm also confirmed this has been verified as well. So it's not like it's just some student sending me some shit and I'm making a video about it. And again, this came from my Inner Circle program, which you can find under, you know, have Nick Theriot mentor you right there.

Now, again, he was only doing $50,000 to $1,000 a day. I don't even say it was $1,000. I'll tell you more.

Yeah, about $500 to $200, $300 a day in revenue. And then now he's doing $50,000 a day. So I want to go over the more specifically, the seven significant changes I give all of my students when they come into the program, like, hey, do this and you'll crush it.

And there's been various different students because every student needs something different. That's why I love about this mentoring program is that it allows me to give you specific advice to you. Not like, hey, here's some things you should do in a YouTube video.

And then I kind of have to make it granular to everyone in that sense. So let's dive into it. Number one, new product.

There's been plenty of students that come in the program. It was like, hey, your product is trash. Like, very straightforward.

I don't hold anything back in this program. And there's been a couple of students now that just when they came in the program, they had a product that was just deadbeat. You know, they were utilizing, they're trying to sell an iPhone 4 and everyone wanted iPhone 14 is what I like to tell people.

It was a product. No one really wanted it. It was extremely outdated.

There's no significant in like why this product is better than the competition. It didn't really have any urgent desires around it of why to use it. Maybe they had some issues with like some ingredients in it that a lot of people just had a lot of negative feedback around.

You know, there was a lot of various things right there. There's been a handful of students that just straight up and said, hey, your first action when you get in the program is to change your product. It's the product you have now.

It's not superior. It's not going to scale. It's going to suck, to be fair.

I have one particular student who was stuck about 20, 30K a month in revenue for the longest period of time. And then he changed his product. And when he changed his product, I mean, I think he went to 100, 250K a month relatively fast within like 30 to 60 days.

So just to show you, new products do have a significant impact. You know, you can be an amazing marketer, but at the end of the day, like no one wants shit at the end of the day. So, you know, you can only do so much marketing to put lipstick on the pig is what I like to say before it's just at the end of the day, people are buying lipstick on a pig.

So new product has been a significant impact for a lot of students. Now, next one is a new angle. We have this other student that I'll make a case study on very soon, but this particular student literally just tested a new angle, right?

So, you know, he was going after just like, hey, this product does this, really cool, boom. I was like, hey, I was like, I would really focus on the speed of which the product does that because people typically buy things that gets them things they want faster, gets them things they want cheaper, gets them things they want better, right? So like maybe I want better photos on my camera, I need to buy a higher quality camera, or maybe I need to like, you know, I want to scale faster, or maybe I want to, you know, I want to drink my energy drinks every day, but I don't want to spend $300, $400 a month on that.

I want a cheaper energy drink, right? So I really went after a speed angle for this one particular student and it took off and he was able to scale, I think like 20, 25K a day in revenue by simply focusing on the speed of which the product satisfies that desire as he was more just calling out the desire and showcasing the desire. And it was doing okay, but now it's like, hey, let's change it up and focus more on the speed.

And just simply changing the angle has made a huge impact for a lot of our accounts, students, and even in the agency. That's usually a big thing right there. And, you know, new angle, going film all new content specifically around that angle.

And that's, you know, kind of what that looks like. Now I know we get a lot of questions. What's an angle specifically?

What's the difference between an angle, a concept, a variation, iterations, things like that. So an angle is a different way to say the same thing. That's how I like to look at it.

So like, for example, let's say I have a video that's called how to scale Facebook ads. All right. That's the raw just claim we're making, how to scale Facebook ads.

Well, one angle we can do is five ways to scale Facebook ads in 2024, where, you know, like how to scale Facebook ads 2024, it's just me filming a video. Here's how to scale Facebook ads. Boom.

Another video could be five ways to scale Facebook ads in 2024, where I go over like, here's one way, here's a second way, here's a third way. Boom. Another angle could be expert Facebook advertiser reveals how to scale Facebook ads in 2024, where I, you know, either myself or I bring some type of authority on board, which technically I could be some level of an authority now in the marketplace.

And, you know, we go over like the best way to scale Facebook ads. So like, that's another angle. So it's different ways to communicate the same thing.

That's just new, refreshing. It's not boring. It's not repetitive right there.

That's an angle. A new concept could just be different ways to go about that angle. So like, for example, three ways to scale Facebook ads in 2024, 10 ways to scale Facebook ads in 2024, things like that right there.

Just different ways to, you know, say that angle in that sense right there. So, but yeah, so there's been plenty of times, just a whole new angle in the account has absolutely helped students and clients just crush it. And that's usually one of our biggest levers that we leverage.

Now, desire, this can also be the same thing, but this is more a little bit like one step higher. So like an angle could be how to scale Facebook ads in 2024, five ways to scale Facebook ads in 2024, expert Facebook advertiser reveals how to scale Facebook ads in 2024. We're really focusing on that desire to scale Facebook ads.

But what if the desire is not scaling Facebook ads? What if the desire is to get creatives that convert, right? So three ways to create creatives that convert.

Expert Facebook advertiser reveals how to create Facebook ads that convert. Here's how to create Facebook ads that convert. So it's a whole new desire.

This one, new angle, different ways to say the same thing. This is a whole new thing that we're presenting in front of people based off what they have. You know, we have one particular client, you know, they were doing just kind of like, I don't know, I would say maybe sub 10KMF in revenue or particular student.

And they were doing like sub 10KMF in revenue. And the one thing that worked really well for them was positioning their product as an alcohol alternative. That was it.

And that helped them scale up fat further. I would say like, you know, I think they capped that like 100, little around 100KMF with that alcohol alternative angle for their particular product right there. And that worked really well.

Because again, they were like sub 10KMF when they got in the program at the time. There's been like other accounts, client accounts. I mean, I tell people like the metal address signs, for example, when we first came on board with metal address signs, they were, you know, again, we started this brand from scratch with the client.

So they were doing nothing when we came on board. And we were doing, you know, like 20, 30KMF in revenue, really couldn't break that. And then we positioned the product as a perfect gift for a loved one.

And that helped us scale up to about 200 to 300KMF in revenue. So a total new way, total new desire we're going after. We went from, hey, put this on the wall.

It's cute. To, hey, when was the last time you surprised your girlfriend? She'll love this.

And it attached it to a new desire. Again, we're filming all new content for this particular desire as well. Next thing is better creatives.

So, you know, you can have like the angle, the desire, like you can do the right things in hitting those, but sometimes they're just not visually articulated the best way. And like I tell people all the time, you know, it's like if you have the world's strongest iPhone case, there's two ways I could showcase that. Number one, I could take a picture of the phone case and I could put world's strongest iPhone case on the side.

The other way I can do it is I can showcase an iPhone dropping in this case from a hundred foot building than picking up that phone and showing how it perfectly works. Both of them are articulating the same desire, the same angle. The only difference here is one visually articulates it better than the other.

So sometimes it's just, hey, you're going after the right things, right sophistication, right awareness, right awareness level, desire, all that is correct. But the way you visually articulate it sucks. And that's what's holding you back from better performance.

So sometimes simply just better creatives. Hey, the things you're visually articulating right now, just you're going about it in a terrible way. All you need is better visuals.

That's all you need. Next one, higher AOV. So average order value.

We have, we have had one student, I think he's spending about $8,000 a day right now. He first came into the program. His name is Dixon.

He first came into the program, you know, back in December. And I'm not going to go into what he's selling or things like that. But, you know, he was spending about $100 a day in ad spend.

And then now he's spending about $8,000 a day in ad spend. And there's one thing specifically he did that was very different than all other students. And to be fair, this is one thing that he actually brought to the table.

I helped him a lot with the creative and all the other stuff. But this is one thing that he brought to the table that I wasn't really helping him out with. And that was, he kept trying to double the AOV over and over and over.

So what do I mean by that? So maybe your AOV is 50 bucks. He kept trying to push to get to a hundred.

Then once he gets a hundred dollar average order value, he kept trying to push it to $200. How do you do this? This is through upsells, bundle deals, frequently bought together, post-purchase upsells, things like that.

If you have a higher average order value, what's going to happen is it's going to improve your profit per order, more profit per order. Well, guess what? That's going to give you more room to spend on ads.

You have more like basically wiggle room. So that way it's like, maybe like right now you need like a 3X or 4X to scale. Higher AOVs, you can go all the way down to 2X and scale really aggressively because you have so much profit per order value.

You have a little bit more room to scale. So big one right there is just improving the average order value. Helps a lot.

Now, one of the second to last thing is just ad account optimizations. It's pretty rare that I have students that are like having bad ad account structures. 99% of our students come from the YouTube channel.

A lot of our students are just simply you guys and girls that are watching the channel right now. And you're already doing a lot of the things I teach on the channel. But there's every now and then like that 1% student where it's just like, hey, you know, you need to improve this structure.

We had this one particular student, his name is Josh. And when he first came into the program, he was running like 20 different campaigns in the account. Like, hey bro, just launch that to one campaign.

Like you have all these ads, multiple campaigns, go one CBO broad. And, you know, he cowboyed it. And I say he cowboyed it as in like, I typically tell people, hey, you can go about two ways.

You can just overnight like that, which is extremely risky. Or you can just take your time, scale down these other campaigns and scale up your new single CBO broad. Well, he cowboyed it.

And he just threw all of his ads, one campaign, set the budget for a couple thousand dollars a day and just let it ride. And, you know, he crushed it. Like, as in like he reduced all the campaigns to one.

Now Facebook can spend more efficiently. And then also to on top of that, what can happen here is that there's no auction overlap. Now there's no auction overlap.

Facebook can spend more efficiently. His CPA dropped, Roash shot up, and he was able to spend significantly more. And it was one of the key factors to him scaling up to a million dollars a month in revenue.

So there will be a couple of accounts where it's just simply changing up the ad account optimization, how it's structured, things like that. It's rare, but there will be a couple of times where, you know, we change something like that in a student's account, even a client's account, and we see those big increases really fast. Now, one of the last things that I've seen just really help students is just the simple coaching aspect of wanting more out of life.

There's a lot of students that'll come on board. They'll be crushing it, like a thousand dollars a day, two thousand, three thousand, five thousand dollars a day. And they get too comfortable.

And they no longer have that drive and that desire to keep scaling. You know, now they're doing some decent numbers. And just simply having someone in your corner that not necessarily wants it more than you, but that keeps you on track of growing and consistently forcing yourself to keep leveling up is just something that's really big right there.

And to be fair, a lot of students, this is very, very common for a lot of students because they already have been doing all the right things. But it's just like, well, hey, why have you been stuck in the last 100K a month? And then we look at all their actions they've been doing.

And it's like, they've been a lot less just, you know, disciplined with the actions that got them to 100K a month. You know, they're a lot more relaxed about everything. They want it less, a little bit more lazy and stuff like that.

And it's like, you need people in your corner that's going to keep you on track, that's going to hold you accountable, that's going to, you know, in a way, kind of make you realize, hey, like this ain't shit. I want more. And having someone holding you accountable to get you there and coaching you up to that next level.

There's been quite a few students now I've had those difficult conversations with, and they've been very, very thankful for coming to the program, just simply from the mental coaching aspect right there. And that's helped them propel their business where like, hey, we didn't even talk about ads at all. You know, there's been a couple of students, they were already crushing it.

And we just simply focused on the mental side of everything, getting to that next level. And that was a big push for them just to be like, oh fuck, I need to wake up and realize, hey, yeah, I'm going 100K a month. This ain't nothing.

And I'm either growing or I'm contracting. I'm either growing month over month or I'm contracting month over month. Both of them are hard.

Which hard do I want? And that was a big thing for a couple of students right there. So really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Again, going over to seven key things that's allowed students to, you know, crush it in my program. And one specifically student, you get up to about $50,000 a day with Shopify and Facebook ads. Obviously you can go in and apply all these things yourself, no problem at all.

And just kind of like try to do these things yourself. Or if you're interested in the program, click the link below, have Nick Terrio mentor you, where, you know, we can actually go more specifically to these things, but specifically key to your situation. That's the only big difference right there between this YouTube channel and the program below is this is more specific to your situation.

You know, out of all these seven things, like one of them will apply to you. And having my perspective on that will help you out a lot with, you know, just what would I do in that particular situation right there. So click the link below, have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And with that being said, hope I'll chat with you guys later. Peace out.