I promise you guys, if you follow everything in this video today, seriously, it will fix your Facebook ad robust. This is actually going to go over the main things that I've learned over my last 10 years of running Facebook ads, how it went from like my first five years of not getting any results for any clients to over the last five years, being able to do over a hundred million dollars in revenue for our clients. And the main key things that I've seen multiple times over and over of why a deal didn't work out and like because of not hitting performance.

And what are those main things that if you focus on, it will fix your Facebook ads robust. So here's a couple of our results for clients too, as well, just to kind of put things in perspective. This is a client we took from $380,000 a month to $1.8 million per month.

This is another client we've took from $130,000 a month to $1.1 million a month in revenue. Now, number one thing is stop worrying about ad account structure. This is the entry level mistake that I've seen everyone make.

I can't name one advertiser that hasn't made this mistake. Me included. Back in 2020, I would say, or like literally from like September 2019, all the way to, I would say maybe August to November of 2020, about a year.

I only focused on ad account structure. I didn't test any new creatives. I didn't test any new ads.

I launched a couple of ads in the beginning of working with these clients. And I just kept focusing on ad account structure. Every day, it'd be like new lookalike audience campaign, audience testing campaign, creative, you know, not even creative testing, just like these various different campaign types and various different ways to run the ads.

And no, I don't give myself too much fault because I didn't know what I didn't know at the time. I just, you know, I took one particular action for a client. It got them results.

And I tied back ad account structure consistently to being the thing that got results for clients. And that was the biggest mistake I ever made when it came down to like my entry level of advertising. I wish I had someone back in the day.

I wish I was working with someone, you know, like a mentor or something to slap me across the face and say, hey, that's not correct. Because if I would have learned that from the beginning, I would actually be a year further in my journey. But I use that now as more of like a, hey, I've been there too.

I used to do the same thing as you guys. I remember I launched a campaign with 30 different ad sets. It was an ABO campaign, 30 different ad sets, all at $3 a day.

And I would sit there throughout the day, just turn off the ad sets that didn't get a sale. And I would just reset that every day. I used to spend, you know, six to seven hours a day in the ads manager, working with two clients, only spending about 30K a month.

Now I'll spend maybe an hour a month on a client spending 30K a month inside of the ads manager. Now we'll spend a lot of time on the creative side and building ads that convert and all those key things, but just wasted a ton of time. Now what we do is we follow an ad account structure for every client, every client, regardless if it's a local service business spending $50 a day versus an e-com brand and spending a couple million dollars a month versus a Legion brand versus a personal brand versus, you know, a $500 product, $10,000 product or $100 product.

We have the same exact ad account structure for literally all of those different verticals and types of clients. And I have a full video called how to run Facebook ads in 2024, where I go step by step of how we leverage that ad account structure. It's a 34 minute video.

That's why I'm sending you guys to that. I didn't want to make this video an hour long, but that's going to go over exactly what you need to follow. We've been following this ad account structure for the last two years.

Now, the other key thing here is that you have to understand what drives performance. It's not your ad account structure. The people who click on your ad do not see your ad account structure.

They see that creative in front of them. That's what stops the scroll. That's what calls the right people.

That's also what gets people to click. And if that is off, which I've seen thousands of times it being off, that's going to get you low ROAS. So you need to improve that right there.

And we'll test hundreds of creatives, freshly shot content throughout the year to help our clients get the results like you saw at the beginning of the video. So that's what drives performance. And I find the ad account structure is because of a lack of understanding and lack of education of what actually drives performance in the account.

I know very newbie tactic right there, but I wish I would have just picked an ad account structure and never focused on anything else in terms of ad account structure from day one, because it would have cut so much time off my journey, learning Facebook ads and like fixing performance and stuff like that. Now, the next thing is just such an easy one right here. Stop focusing on ads that give discounts.

I feel like everyone, when they launch a Facebook ad, it's like the first thing they go do is just like, what's everyone else doing? 50% off. Okay, I'm just going to launch a Facebook ad.

Get this product today, 50% off. You know, get this iPhone today for 50% off. And the problem with that is you're going to hit an aware market, which is the smallest market you can possibly, you know, resonate with, right?

And we already know it's just, it's running things like this. Free, free is a free gift plus shipping. I've also seen people 20% off, 30% off.

You're not connecting with your customers. Like based off of this, you can't tell me anything of who takes this product, who's this product for, what do they desire, and how does this product help them? You can't tell me anything around that.

You just see the product and a discount. So when you want to connect with people, you want to actually showcase creatives that connect with people. This is just an image ad.

We do a variety of images and videos to connect with people. This is a great one right here. You know, we're calling out the fact it gives calm energy, better focus, no acid reflux, happy mood.

And we're showcasing that over a period of time. This is over a hundred different days right here that we're showcasing this. Better sleep, more energy, healthy digestion, less brain fog.

We're showcasing. This is a tactic I like to call a showcase the desire being achieved over time. What's the timeline of the benefits that you're going to achieve over time by using this particular product?

This connects with people. This doesn't. So, you know, stop running those discount ads.

That's going to be a huge one right there. We literally took a brand from 5k a day. It's about 30k a day by simply just, hey, no more discount ads to, hey, let's focus on connecting with our market based off what they want.

And then next thing, stop selling products that are not superior. You know, this is right here. Let's see.

This is the iPhone 15 right here. This is the iPhone 14 right here. If I try to go in the market for an iPhone 14, I am going to struggle to scale.

So, if I want to go achieve success in the marketplace, I would need an iPhone 15 at the least. Ideally, I want the iPhone 16 because the iPhone 16 is going to be superior to the iPhone 15. If I have a superior product than everyone else because there's no one else selling an iPhone 16, I will blow people out the water of how fast I can scale with my business.

And that's the problem. People are trying to focus on less superior products in the marketplace. And due to that, they spend years struggling.

And then they go change their product or maybe they invest some money to the manufacturer to build a better product. And then they blow past people with revenue, with the performance they want. And it's like, well, fuck, I wish I would have just did this earlier.

It could literally be a simple action. Go look at everyone else selling the same product as you. Go look at the one stars through four stars.

And go look at the negative comments about that product. You know, this is the iPhone 14 right here. Apple only does three things every year.

Camera, screen size, and battery life. Why? Because that's the main negative comments every single year.

So iPhone 15, guess what? It has a slightly bigger screen. It has better camera and better battery life.

Why? Because it's the only thing that people actually want every year better and improved. How did they figure that out?

They went look at their customer reviews. They surveyed customers. They let their customers tell them what they want.

And then they just simply would do it. They didn't overthink it. A lot of you guys like, you know, hey, I want a better camera.

I want a better battery life. I want a better screen size. It's like, okay, cool.

Take all the notes. Yeah. Okay, cool.

All right. Sounds like they want multiple different colors to the phone. And they want a 4K screen.

It's like, no, they didn't even say that. I said screen size, battery life, camera. Just go make a product with that.

Very simple. Just listen to your customers. So that's the main things.

I just, you know, we've taken on clients before where, you know, we made the mistake of not understanding if they had a superior product. We've taken on clients before where, you know, we focus on ad account structure. We've taken on clients before where we didn't realize the importance of creatives at the time.

These were just the biggest things that once I understood this, it allowed us just to rapidly improve our Facebook ad, ROAS, our results. We could spend more. We were seeing more consistent results and stuff like that.

We weren't stuck at that $10, $20 a day with a sell every few days. And like, why can't I figure this out? It's like, because you're making some of these mistakes right here.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Thank you all so much for watching. Hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, click the link below. Have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads.

I help brands go from six figures to seven figures per month. We've helped four brands now and love to help you be the next one. Hope you guys have a great day.

Peace out.