Well guys, I tried foreplay for the first time and I absolutely loved it. This is something new. I've never tried it before.

I know I'm late to the party, but I did foreplay and this is me coming out to tell you guys I tried foreplay and it was amazing. So today I want to talk to you about my experience with foreplay and how beneficial it is to my life now. Thank you to foreplay.

It's one of the best things ever. So if you're new to the channel, by the way, my name is Nick Terrio. I run a Facebook ads agency, basically coach students, or I basically run your ads for you and click link below to, you know, do either one.

I've done over $50 million online revenue with Facebook ads. So it's basically why I'm credible to teach this. And at the end of the day, I've created all this content completely for free for you guys in exchange for, Hey, one day when you scaled up your business at a point, you're looking to offload this shit to someone.

That's where we come and play. So before we get started, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. So my experience with foreplay has been fun.

It's been a life life savior, and it's definitely been super beneficial to our workflow. So if you're not familiar with foreplay, here is what foreplay is. It's this new app that I forgot his name, his last name, but Zach had built, I forgot his last name.

But recently just got on Twitter, hit me up. His name is Zach, something he was like, Hey bro, made this new app called foreplay. Love you to check it out.

So again, this video is not sponsored at all. By the way, this is purely just, you know, me finding this app through him using it for about a week and absolutely loving it. So what foreplay does is we have a big problem on our team where I might be scrolling on Facebook ad library late at night and I see an ad I love.

And what I'll do is, is I'll basically come there and I'll click this ad. I'll be like, see ad details. And I'll copy like this link and I'll send it into like my team.

Okay. Hey guys, love this ad. We should try to recreate it for this brand.

Okay. And what happens is, is that over time we'll get a whole bunch of these put in a group chats where we forget what we sent. So we have number one problem of forgetting what ads are sent for what client in order to kind of like imitate and ideate off of.

Okay. The second problem is if Avi who I'm using as an example right here, turns off this ad, what ultimately happens is, is that this link no longer works. And then I go in and it's like, boom, it doesn't work anymore.

So that's like, so what you ultimately have to do is basically save this image, take a screenshot of this and put it in Google drive folder and share it with everyone. And then boom, there you go. You've got like a folder, but then the new problem that's created is that it's actually a lot of work.

Okay. So how do you actually just save a bunch of ads without, you know, being able to, you know, worry about deletion, um, without worried, like worrying about all these other things right here. Okay.

And that's where foreplay came in play. So foreplay, um, you have an app side right here, which is like the, you know, main part. And then you also have the ad library.

So it's a simple little Google extension. You put very simple. Um, it's like a hundred bucks a month for this software as well.

And when you're browsing different ad libraries, you go ahead and save it to foreplay. So you click this little down arrow. I'm not going to do it because it's going to show you all my clients.

So I'm not going to do that, but basically click that down arrow and you can save it to whatever library you want. So we have a library specifically for each client. So you can see like client boards right here.

And then what I do is, is I just basically go ahead and have all a board for each client. So you can see like this default folder is just an example, then sample board and then boom, there's different things saved to it. So you can basically create a board of ads for each client and very simple.

So that way I can go from Facebook ad library, Facebook organic, TikTok organic, I think Instagram organic as well. Instagram ads, a couple of different sources of data you can pull. Okay.

So then I can save it to all these boards and I basically have a board for each client. And inside of here, you can see, so let's say for example, it's magic spoon ad. Let's say, for example, I save this as just a sample board.

I can click on it and I can see a few different things. One, I can add a tag if I want, maybe I'll make some comments on it or something like that. Send to, you know, like a specific team member or something like that.

Um, I can see the full ad. Even if the ad has been turned off months ago, I can see the copy, see everything. I can even download that MP4.

I can do a few different things with that. Okay. You can also click view brand and let's see.

Okay. Something like that where I can click like view brand and I can actually see the brand. I'm not sure why it's not working.

Okay. But I can basically see all of that. And then I can also copy a link to it.

And this link right here, I can send to anyone regardless if they have a four play subscription or not. So say for example, if I'm working with a client or if I'm working with a content creator and I want them to emulate a specific ad, what I can do is I can take that ad and I can send it off to them and don't have to worry about, you know, worrying about like different things being deleted and stuff like that. So this has been really powerful for my whole team.

One to organize our creative ideas, organize our inspiration. And that way we need inspiration for a specific client. We have a board for each one.

We can immediately just boom, boom, boom. So it cuts down our process a lot in terms of, oh, okay. We're not going to look at the Google drive folder full of all of these ads we spent inspiration for.

Then on top of that, we have to worry about, you know, you know, like going through the ads, not for this client and this client, it's just a pain in the ass. Then maybe we want to actually organize all this and it just takes more time. It's just, it's a pain in the ass.

This is a lot quicker. And it's also a really beautiful way you can see all these ads. It's not like thumbnails from a good drive folder and I can click each one.

It's just super easy for me to see. So that's the live. So that's how that works.

And again, you can create a folder and a board for as many different clients as you want. Okay. Now the next thing is you have the library and the library is just basically everything you've saved.

This is like your ad library of all of the ads you and your team save. So again, you have a team you can add here. You can have one account for all of your team.

Okay. Now the next thing is the discovery tool. Now this is an interesting thing and this is actually super, super powerful.

Why I love this discovery tool because the discovery tool is the whole foreplay community. Everyone who uses foreplay, every time they save an ad, it puts it in here. It doesn't tell you who saved the ad or anything like that, but it just shows all the ads saved in the community.

Why is this important? Because foreplay is being used by a lot of top marketers right now. It's still pretty closed off and a lot of top marketers are using it.

So that means the ads being saved here are pretty high quality in terms of like for inspiration and stuff like that. Okay. So that's the first thing.

So you actively have a whole library of all these different things. So for example, the other day, client reached out to me and said, Hey, Nick, we're about to launch a collagen powder. Okay.

Can you send me over some ad ideas? Now before foreplay, I would have had to go to like Facebook ad library, maybe search collagen, try to find a few collagen brands. And I'm getting a fuckload of maybe some low quality results and things like that.

Done some Google search to find a few brands. And it was just been a really time intensive task. Probably taking me an hour.

Instead, what I did was is I literally went, um, searched collagen, boom, searched it. Give it a second. And this shows all of the collagen ads saved by the foreplay community.

Okay. Now what I did was is I created a board and then I just clicked, created a board on their client boards for collagen. And I clicked on this little dropdown menu and it shows the board.

I clicked on the board and saved that. So I saved a whole bunch of ads to a board. And then that whole board, I can send a link that anyone can view.

And I sent it to the client in 15 minutes and I sent him a dozen different ad ideas. Now as creative teams are, I'm actually starting to work on that. And then we're gonna have some ads ready for this collagen product to me, 15 minutes to do that, where it probably took me an hour, uh, to do the other way.

Then I don't have to worry about like how I send them. I would have to download all the ads or maybe put them in a Google doc sheet or something like that. It was just taking a lot of time and, you know, and, you know, basically shit like that.

And that way foreplay completely eliminates all of that. So this has been a really powerful tool that I personally wish I would have gotten on earlier on because it's, it really does save a lot of time with sharing at inspiration. And then also to just a simple discovery feature is absolutely amazing to be able to literally just search up other people's kind of keywords around products.

They're looking at, so like maybe if I just search up protein, for example, and I'll start seeing some protein related specific ads right here. So like say, for example, if you had a client reach out to you, Hey, I need to make some protein powder ads. Okay, cool.

Boom. Search this up. There's, you can literally just take all of this and just go recreate all of these and boom.

Now you have like a dozen different concepts. Okay. So you have a lot of different inspiration.

Um, you can also look at all the brands actively being added to here. So you can see like TikTok top ads, they constantly save all of those. These are all the different brands that people have saved to foreplay.

You can see there's over 25,000 different brands, which is pretty cool because at the beginning of the week, I'm filming this on a Friday night and I signed up this on a like Tuesday and Tuesday that's 24,000 brands. So over just a week, they put a thousand different brands into this platform. So yeah, this is foreplay.

I fricking love it. Uh, it's like $99 a month for one person. And then if you have a team, it's $20 per team member.

So I pay a hundred and like $60 a month for it. It's $20 per member easy. And then there's also some briefs feature, which I personally haven't used yet, but it's just a way to where you can help with the creative process.

I haven't used it. So I'm not even going to talk about it because I just, I'm not, you know, credible yet to talk about that yet. So yeah, guys, really hope y'all enjoyed this video.

Uh, just want to share guys really cool tool. Again, I'm not getting paid at all for this. I do have an affiliate link below.

If you do sign up, cool. Like literally the only way I'm benefiting from that is because, Hey, you love my videos. You sign for my link.

I get literally a small, small smidge of money that I might be able to buy a beer with. That's about it. So, you know, use my link or not.

It really doesn't matter to me. Um, I'm just putting it there to cover production costs for this video. So other than that, I really hope y'all enjoyed this tool.

We're loving it. I would never push a tool for you guys. If I personally haven't used it, I literally get dozens of DMS every day from different software companies that make me want to like do videos for them.

And I just, I'd rather just give you guys tools that we're actively using. So, um, yeah, guys, hope y'all enjoyed this video. Uh, again, you know, I run ads for people.

I also coach people for Facebook ads. So click link below. I have two different links.

One that says literally like, Hey, get Nick to coach your ads, uh, coach you for your ads or Hey, get Nick to run your ads for you. Either one. We've done over $50 million line revenue.

We've scaled multiple brands to seven figures per month. Click links below to check that out on that. Make sure to like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.