My $10 million Facebook ad strategy that I will be deploying in 2023 for all of our clients. This video, I'll be showing you guys exactly how we plan to make our clients over $10 million in 2023. And I'm not talking about cumulative total, I'm talking about literally each client.

Okay. So this whole video, I'll give you guys a breakdown of strategies we'll be deploying from a high level overview of what we'll be doing with Facebook ads in 2023 for our clients. Now, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run a Facebook ads agency. I also do coaching and mentoring. I've done over $50 million in aligned revenue with Facebook ads for my clients, essentially.

And if you want to learn more about how I can either help you with your ads and like mentor you or actually run your ads for you, click the link below. I have two different links, one for mentoring and one for running your ads for you. Now, with that being said, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

With that being said, let's dive into the video. So again, if you're not really sure, you know, who I am and you're just kind of tuning in and kind of understanding like who is Nick, why is he credible to be teaching these specific things? And that is a done over $50 million on revenue with Facebook ads.

And we grow brands with psychology based Facebook ad creatives. Then, you know, just in 2022, we've managed close to $10 million in spend. This is the meta business partner badge that, you know, we're partners with in that aspect right there.

But it is missing some spin in here. It's not all of it that we've done in 2022. We're closer to about that $10 million mark in 2022.

Featured, disrupt magazine, helped the brand do like $840,000 in 20 days, all that good stuff. And if you're curious too, if like just what we charge in that aspect right there, it's actually run your ads for you. We charge $7,500 per month or 10% of that profit.

You basically just pay whatever one's bigger at the end of the day. And also to just to further add, here's some credible results from a few of our clients and aspect right there. It's an ambulance insurance that we helped them do about $25 million in revenue in 2022 with $4.5 million in ad spend.

This is a another kid's sports product that we helped, you know, make around $6 million in just three, four months together. I can see right here, their triple well kind of pod view of all their stores. This is a women's clothing brand with up to about $2.8 million in revenue at 750K in ad spend.

So long story short, we do get results for our clients and essentially, you know, what all do we do for our clients? So if you're kind of curious in that aspect right there, we essentially do everything from creating, running and managing your ads, plan out concepts on a weekly basis where either a, we leverage those concepts and like actually create them ourselves or be, Hey, you take these concepts. Um, and maybe we need some content filmed specifically by you and that aspect right there.

Um, and we take a different approach. You know, we, we take a very psychology based approach with every creative we build that has a higher hit rate in your account than your standard, just creative processing process of throwing everything at the wall. Okay.

That's how we've creeped breakthroughs in your account. I can scale, um, to higher levels of spend within the accounts. Now, all the market research you needed, obviously copywriting, um, all that good stuff, editing, yada, yada, yada.

Um, but one thing that we also do very different is that Facebook ads and acquisition is only 50% of the puzzle for growing a brand. So we also like to provide a lot of consulting and help with the retention side, because again, acquisition is only 50% of the equation. The other 50% you need to have dialed in is your retention of, of existing customers.

Um, or you will build a business that will ultimately just burn up one day. So you have to have retention in place. Now, if you're sitting here and wondering, you know, how are we different from an agency perspective?

And again, I promise you like literally like a slide or two, I'm going to be showing you the exact strategy that we're going to be leveraging in 2023. Um, I just want to kind of make sure everyone completely understood in this aspect right there of just what do we, or what do we do in that aspect right there? So, um, long story short, we only work with 10 clients at a time.

I like other agencies that hand you off to like 10 different account managers and stuff like that. I'm still within the accounts, um, on a daily basis. Uh, we have a very unique psychology based testing process for the creatives to actually build high quality, high converting ads within the accounts.

Um, and while we do have a consistent focus on acquiring new customers, we also have a high level of focus on retention actions we can take to further drive profits within the business. Um, and lastly, we take a profit share. We want to be considered a partner with you.

And we also to want to be financially motivated to continue to scout your business. Um, have people pass on us because we take a profit share. And I'm like, that's, you know, dumb at the end of the day, because now your main people that are making you money are not incentivized to make you more money.

So you're always going to have to be pressuring them to make you more money. Whereas we're naturally incentivized to want to make more with your account because we're also at the end of the day getting financially incentivized. Now squad structure, um, terms of like how our team is set up on the growth strategist.

Uh, we have a copywriter on our team, a visual creator and media buyer. So I do not believe I do not believe, and I strongly disbelieve this is that your media buyer should not be creating copy. Your media buyer should not be creating creatives and your media buyer should not be your growth strategist.

Your media buyer essentially the person running the ads in the accounts with a, with a standard process. Your visual creator is really good with editing contents and putting together high converting visuals. Your copywriter is really good at creating high converting copy and your growth strategist is really good at just overall what needs to be done in the business to move the business forward, to hit those specific goals.

Now, again, as promised, I do have a strategy that we're employing this year. Um, but just the last thing with inside of our agency is again, we only work with 10 clients. Um, our current goal of what I'm building, it's out of my agency.

You know, I have mentors who've taken this route and I've also have mentors to taking the route with hundreds of clients and I much rather be in the position of only a couple of clients, literally 10 partners. Um, we've already done this for one, two, two partners, three partners now where we've helped them hit $1 million per month profit. So we collect a 10, you know, 10 a hundred K checks, some off to hit our $12 million a year revenue goal for an agency.

So that's where we're on the road for whether you want to join us or not, click link below to book that, you know, how they can, you know, run your ads in that sense right there. Okay. So now actually going further into the strategy and I need to just a little bit more about our agency and a little bit, things like that.

Um, but now actually down to the exact strategy that we're deploying and we're actually already deploying. We, we basically over 2022, it's been a complete just improvement season in terms of looking back at ways we can improve inside the agency, ways we can, you know, do things that's going to basically essentially at the end of the day, make our clients more money. That's our only focus.

Our only focus is how can we make our clients more money, regardless if it's with Facebook ads, maybe it's launching a new product. Maybe it's going to take talk. If it makes the client more money, we're financially incentivized to want to help them make more money.

Okay. Maybe it's pushing on their email team to start creating these specific new type of flows. Okay.

We're in the business to help you make more money. Okay. Whether it's consulting on the other, other areas of your business or, you know, just spending more on Facebook.

Our role is to help you build a well-rounded business. Now, when I talk about that is that we have our service delivery broken into three key parts. Okay.

You have your psychology based creative process to build high converting ads and stop like testing ads, just to test ads. Now you're building ads with intentions behind it. And you were going to have a higher hit rate of winning ads, which if you have a higher hit rate, then from there, you can actually start to see bigger differences in revenue because now instead of taking maybe 30 ads to find a winning ad, now you find like a winning out of every 10 ads you create, which is really good.

Then we have actually the ad account structure of just how we actually manage the ad accounts. I don't believe this is a major part in the process of making you more money, but because it's super, super simple. Like we only spent 10 to 30 minutes a day inside the ad account because all the workload is research, copy visuals, things like that.

But what knowing what not to do is what, how we make our clients more money because clients will come to us with all these crazy ideas for ad account structures. And we just, we shoot them all down and they make substantially more money because now we're focused on, Hey, we know this works. We have confidence it works because we've tested hundreds of other ad account structures.

The ad account structure we leverage, we've been leveraging it for about two years now. And it's been like beats everything by far. Now the last one is retention.

What actions are we currently taking around the retention side? This is really big right here because with retention, again, 50% of the puzzle is just acquisition, but the other 50% is retention. If you keep acquiring customers and they never purchased from you again, you're just going to keep burning through people.

So your goal is to acquire a customer, but then also keep those customers on board. And then later down the line, you'll start to understand that, Hey, I can actually break even on the first purchase and then I can make all my money through retention. And that's something that's a little bit higher level that, you know, is for a conversation for another day.

Now psychology based creatives. Okay. First thing is what it is not, it's not throwing creatives at a wall to see what sticks.

I think that's the biggest problem. A lot of people have in the creative testing process is that like, for example, that they know they need to test 10 new creatives a week. So what they'll do is they'll go do a photo shoot and upload 10 different poses.

And it's just like, what? So we have a very specific process to creating creatives with intention to break through revenue, revenue barriers by focusing on the key levers within side of the creatives that one speak to the consumer, the consumer actually resonates with, and two actually goes ahead and creates big impacts in revenue. Now this comes down to two things.

One is how do you position the creative and how do you actually position the copy and all that good stuff? Like that's super big. Okay.

Just the positioning of it. All right. Now, after you position it, how you want and understand it clearly of how you want to position this ad and your product in the marketplace, then from there, that is when you go actually and create all that content that, um, basically essentially what makes the ad.

Okay. And that's what makes people want to buy. Now, step number one is just simply figuring out what is your market desires.

Okay. Now again, market desires are essentially the wants, the dreams, the fears, the needs of your market. Okay.

Now your market desires exists. Okay. You cannot create market desire.

It's a, it's a big thing that people have is that, Oh, well, how can I create desire for this product? Now you cannot create desire for your product. You can simply channel desire onto your product.

Okay. So that's really big. Now desire is the highest leverage action you can take with position your ad because it's the foundation.

Okay. Now I want you to imagine right here. All right.

We have this whitewater rap thing where it's like this rough water. People are just simply sitting in and the boats just getting shot down the, um, the, uh, river or the mountain, whatever you want to call it. Okay.

So they're doing little to no work at all. They're just holding on. Okay.

And that's good. So we want to position your ad in the markets where the market just takes it and takes it for a ride. Whereas this water right here is very steel.

Okay. And everyone's having to sit there and paddle through a lot of work to move the needle and it's taking them substantially longer to get to that location. Um, it's also making it a lot more tiring and quite frankly, just a miserable ride.

Okay. Cause they have to sit there and paddle the whole time. All right.

Whereas this one, I mean, I'm not gonna say it's chill, but it's just hold on and get shot down the mountain. Desire works in the same place. You want to find your desires, your rapids of water across the market to where you can just put your boat on and it shoots it down the mountain.

Okay. Whereas if you have very weak desire, your boat will just be sitting there floating, getting nowhere. And ultimately you have to do a shitload of work to try to barely move the needle.

Okay. So the highest leverage action you can start taking inside of your ad account is just simply the market desire. All right.

And again, this is a little sheet we use. So let's say for example, your desire is to make more money. Then pretend you're having a conversation with someone.

So, um, Hey Nick, why do you want to make more money? So I can work less. Why?

So I can spend more time with my family. Why? So I can be present in their lives and watch them growing up.

So go a few levels deep to really see what's, what's their, how their mind is ticking. And this is all done through consumer research, watching YouTube videos, Amazon competitors, all that, just really digging deep Reddit, um, threads, like all that good stuff right there. Now, step number two is market awareness.

So now that you've actually gone ahead and found the desire crush market, or does found a few different desires, crush market that you can actively, you know, put channel onto your ad. The next thing is market awareness and market awareness. Long story short is how far or how close someone is to your product in a mental state.

Okay. So ultimately this is something that's going to determine how much is one of the few key things that's going to determine how much you can spend in an ad account. Okay.

Um, when we're, for example, one of our clients were spending 15 K a day and the ads at 10, you know, five to 10 K a day, problem aware. Great worked well. But as soon as we got to 15 K, it just, there wasn't enough people to problem where market.

So we had to branch into an unaware market. Then when we branch into unaware market, we substantially cut the cost down for that ad account. And we can actually afford to spend that level because the market size is bigger than aware.

And then, but also the difficulty sell to also increases. So, you know, you have to really be good at ads, you know, as you scale down this total ball, like aware is just literally here is, you know, Bose headphones, regular $100. Now 50 bucks, get them now.

That's it. That's an aware ad. Whereas unaware ad app that communicates to someone, um, through identification, through a mass, um, emotion in the market, um, and really start to pick those pain points to convince them they have a problem, then convince them the solution, then convince them the product.

And then all the way down to aware. Okay. But this is really, really important just to determine one, you know, how much you can spend in an ad account.

That's the biggest thing. Um, when I find that a lot of ad accounts are stuck at certain levels of spend, this is usually the case right here. Now market sophistication, this is essentially what you have to do to beat your competition, because this is the next stage of, of, you know, basically like positioning in that aspect right there, because, you know, say back in 2015, all I had to say was, I'll grow your rent on Facebook ads, but now due to so many other agencies, new mechanisms, introducing on the market with UGC, broad targeting, all that good stuff, creative testing, we have to introduce a new mechanism to make the old claim believable again.

And that's basically psychology based creative to blow through Facebook spend barriers inside of your account. Now there are other four to nine steps we follow in the ad. Also, this is more turning, um, back to the content with inside of the ad.

And these are just a few things that we look at addressing and overcome any negative beliefs around your product or industry. So if your product or industry has any negative beliefs, we need to address those in the ad. We need to showcase the identity of the person your customers want to become.

So if you're, you know, when you sell something to someone, yes, it's fixing a knee, dream, fear, something like that, but you're also selling them an identity of who they want to become 13 types of content to put in your ad to increase desire for your product. We have kind of like a list of types of content specifically to film that increases the desire. So we channel that desire, but then we can increase it basically really showcasing how that desire they have can really be applied to this product.

Okay. Not creating desire, we're just increasing it really, really making them salivate over how this product can fix their desires. Three objections to answering your ad or your people will not buy.

So we have three specific objections we like to answer. This is, you know, complexity. If your product is too complex, we need a simplified.

Price, how we overcome price objections. And then lastly is not important enough. So how can we make your product seem more important than it actually is?

Now, last one, our next one, using weaknesses of your competitors advantage. So we can actually, you know, target specific weaknesses of competitors and exploit that in our ad to show that we have more superior product and how that weakness is very bad. Now, again, this is only if you have a more superior part of your product.

If you do not have a superior product, what's ultimately going to happen is that you're going to, you know, burn your money. Okay. Um, people look at you stupid.

Lastly, is showcase that your product works in what's not boring way. So what is the specific mechanism of your product that makes it work? Okay.

Just basically what is the process to result for your specific product? Now I know that was very intense, but that is 90% of the work we do on the ad account. Um, or create the, like inside of a client's account is all of this stuff, all of this stuff that's around the copy, the creative and all that good stuff.

That's 90%. So when I say we spend 10 to 15 minutes a day inside of an ad account, that's just the ad account. The other couple hours a day we spend on the other side, which is what we just showcased.

Now we're going to spend the ad accounts. Again, the ad account is very simple. And due to the simplified account within, you know, literally like just one of our accounts last year, $25 million in revenue, 4.5 million to spend.

And I've seen this simple ad account work anywhere from a hundred dollars a day to a hundred thousand dollars a day inside of an ad account. Yes. I spent a hundred thousand dollars in a day in 2022.

So just for one account. So, um, ad account structure, we do a simple campaign, a single campaign per business objective. We do zero retargeting and we do broad targeting.

Okay. That's like the three key things right there. And I'll show you really quick what that looks like.

So again, one campaign per business objective, reduced complexity, and the accounts improve performance. So for this particular account, this 12 K a day budget is like literally like, you know, 90% of the States in USA. And then some States with a single out just two different types of ads.

We have to go there just because it's an insurance product. And then this is a testing that little lead form right there. So just a showcase right there, one campaign per business objective.

So if you're a men's clothing brand, you might do, you know, literally like we have a men's clothing brand and we just do one prospecting campaign and we put all of our different products in one campaign. But again, that also comes down to, you don't need to advertise all your products. You just need to advertise the top three or four that drives revenue for the business.

Next thing is that we do a new dynamic creative testing ad set to simply test, uh, you basically your new creatives. And we try to aim launch, you know, aim to launch two or three a week, three creatives, two copies, and two headlines per DCT. You can see right here, these are our DCTs that we've tested.

Some are still active in this case right here. And this is our main ad set where we're deploying all of our ads. Okay.

Putting all of our ads in. So very simple. Next one is we're going to move those winning ads into our main ad set.

So when we find a winning ad inside of the, um, DCT, then essentially what we do is we copy it and paste it over into our main winning ad set. Now, again, we use broad targeting for everything. And the reason why we use broad targeting is because essentially does not limit our scaling potential inside of the Facebook ad accounts.

Um, interest and lookalikes for one or getting phased out by Facebook, like with, you know, basically essentially, um, you know, Facebook removing interest look likes. I mean, Facebook hasn't really done anything to look likes in years, and now there's look like expansion and interest expansion auto enabled. So Facebook really wants to steer you away to broad targeting and broad targeting is absolute key here because what it does is, is it does not limit your potential reach.

Okay. Now again, if you get the creative process wrong, broad targeting will not work for you. So you have to get this creative process right first before either one of these work for you.

Okay. Now, second thing is, is ad creates the audience. Okay.

A lot of people think the Facebook audience creates the audience. The ad creates the audience. Okay.

So these are both two ads that are in the same exact ad set. One has a male in the photo. One has a female photo.

You can see right here, the one with the male in the photo, 94% of the spin went to male, about 6% went to spin once a female. Now the other one had what a female in it had 76% red spend to female and 39% go to male. Now, Nick, while wire is the male targeting it because come on, it's a golfer.

Who's a female. She's attractive. Men are clicking on it.

Men are excited about it. And it's boom. This 46 ad actually did substantially better because it allowed us to reach two markets, the female market and the mid market in one ad, which is really cool.

Now zero retargeting Facebook's already doing this for you again, keeping that simplified ad account structure. We didn't know retargeting in 2022 and made our clients 10 X more money than 2021. Okay.

Just putting that out there. All right. It also decreases your focus on main ads.

You know, your goal, if you're running a retargeting campaign, the problem with that is, is that you're focusing on bottom line. Whereas we're prospecting or focusing on new campaigns that substantially or new ad ideas that substantially going to create a massive difference in your ad account. Okay.

Retargeting. For example, if you find a new winning ad and retargeting, yeah, it might make you a couple hundred dollars more in revenue. Okay.

If you find a new winning ad and prospecting, it can make you tens of thousands of dollars more in revenue. Okay. So why do you spend your time focusing on such a low revenue driving campaign?

That's the, that's just blows my mind. Lastly is scaling. We keep it super simple for scaling.

We do either a 20% increase or 20% decrease daily based on the performance average of the last three days. So let's say for example, last three days, like let's say for example, our target Rorass is 3X, 3.0. Okay.

And you gotta be specific. And let's say for example, the average over the last three days was 3.1. Well, we're going to increase budget by 20%.

Now let's say if the average over the last three days was 2.8, we're going to decrease budget by 20%. All right. Be just robotic about this.

I see too many people scaling emotionally and it destroys their performance. We've scaled from $100 a day to $100,000 a day. And that's been with this technique.

And lastly, slow, smooth, smooth as fast. Okay. Now retention, this is the last key thing here.

So we've gone over our creative testing, you know, psychology based creative process, go over our ad account structure, and then retention again, retention is super, super important. This is 50% of the puzzle. Okay.

Acquisition is only 50% retention is the other 50%. Okay. There's two ways to scale your brand.

There are your products. There's horizontally and vertically. Okay.

Horizontal is just like what Apple did iPad, iPhone, MacBook, and releasing new types of products. And then vertically is iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6. Okay.

I think like my, my LTV with Apple right now is like $20,000 I've spent on Apple products. So just to put in that perspective right there, like you want to be focusing on both of these things. Okay.

And another big thing is keep it simple. Like literally this is, you don't need to go out there and try to find some scientific way to increase LTV. Just do the Apple approach.

Okay. Like I've done all the work for you. Okay.

Go figure out how you can horizontally scale your product lines and then go figure out how you can release new versions to your vertical of, of your products. Don't overthink this because too many people fucking overthink it and they do not take action. All right.

And again, this is all the actions we've taken over 2022 and the exact same actions will be taken in 2023. That has a lot of brands, you know, like this particular brand where we did $5 million in revenue with $1.2 million in spend for, you know, January 1st through December 31st, 2022 is a men's clothing brand. This is subscription mushroom brand where we did $1.9 million in revenue in 2022.

Uh, we've scaled them up literally from like $13,000 a month. Okay. Since we've worked with this client, this is a metal wall art brand where we did 900 K in revenue up in 30 days, just absolutely crushed it.

And yeah, and this is actually wrong. I just realized that this is actually 300 K in spend. Okay.

You can see the screenshot right here. So, but yeah, so this is everything we do for our clients. Again, we charge $75 per month or 10% of net profit.

Again, that net profits there to incentivize, to grow your business and everything like that. Um, and then pretty much the next steps from here is, uh, you can click the links below. Um, I basically have and set up to where, Hey, have Nick Terrio run your ads or have Nick Terrio mentor you.

I do have an inner circle, our coach students. So if you want that more one-on-one coaching style, then reach down and get in that inner circle, because that's going to be really big for you. So yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching this video.

This is basically our strategy of 2023 that we're gonna make our clients over $2 million in revenue, uh, with, and I really hope you guys enjoyed. Make sure to like button and hit a subscribe button for new videos every Monday and Wednesday and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.