How do you exactly run retargeting Facebook ads in 2003 while also leveraging a single campaign account structure? Today, I'm going over how exactly I run retargeting ads with leveraging Facebook in 2023. I go over a couple of different things.

Give you guys some data on that side right there. So questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things. I've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook for my clients.

I'm running a Facebook ads agency. Click link below to learn a little bit more about how our agency works. So for the clients and also coach and mentor students, one-on-one mentoring.

You can also click the link below as well for the mentoring side. So before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into the video.

So first off, I posted this tweet the other day saying, hey, here's a reminder. You can add all your top funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel ads to the same broad ad set. I think a lot of people have, you know, even, you know, top funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel, or like retargeting or, you know, whatever your name is for retargeting.

But yeah, so like what we do is we basically take all of our retargeting ads and we put them in one broad ad set. Okay. And then we basically let Facebook determine the budget based on audience size for each ad.

Less people are wrestling with ads, less people will get. Okay. So this is our current structure, our current strategy right now.

I personally haven't ran a retargeting campaign since January of 2022. Okay. Everything else has been purely one campaign, broad targeting.

And then I put our retargeting type of ads inside of our broad ad set. So yes, we actively do retargeting, but we let Facebook do the retargeting based off who resonates with that ad. Okay.

Now this is my old structure in 2021. We had our, you know, one campaign. We also had a retargeting campaign for a bit of, for bottom of funnel.

And then we had our middle funnel campaign as well. Okay. So we were targeting two other types of retargeting audiences, you know, middle funnels, like your, your social engagement, bottom of funnels, people that's actually been to your website.

Okay. So the problem with this is that it's more to manage, which decreases your efficiency as a Facebook ads advertiser. Okay.

This also doesn't allow Facebook to learn in the most efficient way, because now you're forcing Facebook to only target these people in this campaign, these people in this campaign, and these people in this campaign. Okay. When you want the outcome of as many purchases as possible and decreasing your CPA, it actually makes it less efficient by having them spread out across multiple campaigns.

Okay. Now you also have more ads to create. Okay.

So if like your bottom of funnel starts tanking and you want to introduce new ads to that campaign, then you have, you have like three campaigns you have to create ads for on a weekly basis. Okay. It's a lot more to deal with.

All right. Which again, will further decrease your efficiency. And then the, also to the, another reason why I just cannot stand running dedicated retargeting campaigns is that these are two campaigns now that you have to rely on your top of funnel to do good for these two campaigns to perform.

If these two campaigns start to tank, it could be very much just your top of funnel, not performing well. So these are both dependent on your top of funnel to perform for, you know, them to perform. Okay.

So there's a lot of different problems with running retargeting campaigns. Okay. And also too, with 14.5, it become, all it did was shrink the amount of people you can retarget now.

Lastly, a lot of people like, Oh, well I run retargeting. So I weigh, you know, multiple touch points with different messaging. Well, cool.

There's nothing wrong with that at all, but I'm going to show you guys how we do it today. Cause we're still hitting on quote unquote retargeting. We're just not breaking out into a dedicated campaign.

Okay. So the core concept I want you guys to take away from this video is that the ad creates the audience. Okay.

So when you target people at just age, gender, location, no interest, no look likes, no custom audience, and just target age, gender, location, you can still get results because the ad creates the audience. Okay. Your ad again, Facebook has two objectives here.

It needs to make you happy as the advertiser, but it also needs to make the consumer happy because the consumer is the one that's getting hit with the ads. Okay. And if the consumer keeps getting hit with trash ads, it's not going to want to get on Facebook.

If it does get on Facebook and screen time decreases per consumer, there's less revenue Facebook will make. All right. Because you'll spend less as well because your ad is not performing.

So it's your objective here to create ads that resonate with your consumer. If they resonate with your consumer, they're going to spend more. It's going to make you more.

And Facebook wins to consumer wins and you win. Everyone wins in that case right there. Okay.

But when you understand and own the fact that the ad creates the audience, now you understand that, Hey, if this ad puts out a message, like the messaging behind the ad, that, that, that dictates the copy and the creative itself, the message you're trying to amplify what Facebook ads is based around a retargeting specific type of messaging. Facebook's only going to serve that to people who resonate with that type of messaging. Okay.

When you own this and just have a hundred percent belief in this, like we do, because we've been doing it since 2021 or 2022, then we no longer need a designated retargeting campaign. Cause now we let Facebook does do that for us. Okay.

This is also going to let Facebook spin, control the amount of spin based off the performance. It can get you. Okay.

You're no longer just kind of throwing cause the old way for this was just throwing random numbers of what's a spin on these campaigns. Okay. When reality is, is that now we can just go ahead and let Facebook do that budget adjustment for us.

Okay. So again, just to go over our ad account setup for those who are unsure how this is actually set up specifically. So this is just one of our accounts.

So, you know, I do one campaign for all of our accounts. Now there's times I'll do more campaigns. Okay.

For example, multiple countries. So like this particular account right here, we have our Dutch, Germany, our Europe, our USA, and our UK different countries. Okay.

All right. Then there'll be also times that we'll have other products that I don't want to grow sales for. Okay.

But different product lines. Okay. So for example, if I was running Apple's ads, I would have a campaign designated for iPad campaign, designated for the iPhone and campaign designated for Mac book.

Okay. Different product lines. All right.

But if I know iPhone 70% of my sales, I wouldn't even waste time on a campaign for iPad or Mac book. I would only focus on iPhone. That's also another big key thing here, just because you have a lot of products and we run one product line per campaign.

That does not mean you need to. Okay. You want to focus on the product line that drives 70% of your business revenue.

Okay. So that way you can keep scaling and growing that. And then using that as a customer acquisition source to where you can sell people on the iPad and Mac book who purchased the iPhone.

Now at the ad level or ad set level, this is where we do our main ad set. So you can see right here, NLB03 and NLB02 or O2. O3 and O2.

Now the only reason why I have two main ad sets in this specific campaign is because we topped out NLB02 with 50 ads. So we can't add any more than 50 ads. So guess what?

We had to create NLB03 where we're putting more ads at. Okay. Once you find winning ads for a dynamic ad set, you can see right here, 128, 127, B, 127-A, and even have zip launch right here.

These are all dynamic ad sets. Okay. Now we're pulling winning post IDs from those and we're putting them in NLB03 because that's our main ad set.

Okay. Again, only reason why we have two main ad sets is because we've tapped out at 50 ads. You can't add more than 50 ads in an ad set on NLB02.

So that's why we had to create NLB03. All right. But that's only if you top out at 50 ads.

Okay. If you haven't topped out at 50 ads, you're only going to have one ad set and we're going to keep adding ad set, ad set. Yes, it will reset learning phase.

I do not give a fuck about learning phase. Okay. I don't care.

I reset it all the time. It does not affect my results as long as I'm introducing winning ads. I find winning ads by testing dynamic ad sets.

Okay. Now, what I do here is then I move all my winning ads from DCT to my main ad set. Okay.

You can see right here over the last 30 days, I have my winning ads. Now, again, these two stopped performing after a period of time. So I turned them off.

Okay. So, you know, then I have these three right here. It's still active.

Okay. That's it. I'm simply doing that.

All right. Now, in this ad set right here, I have a mixture of retargeting style ads and, you know, quote unquote, top of funnel cold audience ads. Okay.

It's not just top of funnel ads. It's a mixture of ads. Okay.

Now, here's something interesting here. All right. This is where I want to really show you guys something.

All right. So, you can see right here, this top ad for 30 days, we spent $5,000 or euros, 5,000 euros. All right.

Now, look at the frequency, 2.06. Okay. Now, this ad right here, we spent $3,700.

Look at the frequency, 3.68. Okay. They both have the same CPM, but the frequency is much higher.

Okay. Why do you think the frequency is so high? Well, for us, it's because this ad resonates with a smaller amount of people.

So, you think about it. This one reached 361,000 people. This ad reached 150,000 people.

Okay. So, only a smaller amount of people are resonating with this ad because it's a retargeting style ad. Okay.

Now, what this does here is that the frequency will typically go up higher, even though the spin is not as high, because it's showing that a smaller crowd of people are resonating with this ad. But we're still putting a lot of spin to it because, one, it's hitting our KPI. You know, we're hitting a $23 cost per purchase.

We're shooting for like a $42 cost per purchase in this ad account. So, anything below $42 cost per purchase, we can keep spending. Okay.

We don't focus on Robust or anything like that. We focus on cost per purchase. Okay.

So, in this particular case here, you can see how, you know, the 3.68, the frequency is a lot higher on an ad that didn't get as much spend because it's resonating with a smaller amount of people. And Facebook is spending a lot on that particular ad to meet up your overall spend goals. Okay.

So, this is why I literally do not need to retargeting campaigns specifically because I already know Facebook is going to do this for us. Okay. So, again, the ad creates the audience.

All right. And, again, if you want a full video breakdown of how I use broad targeting and dynamic creatives with like a tactical step-by-step, then make sure you watch this video, broad targeting and dynamic creatives because I go step-by-step on how to actually do it with, you know, this whole structure right here. Now, a few questions I've gotten since I posted this on Twitter and a couple people asked about it is, do you still create audiences for retargeting?

No, not at all. I don't spend a dollar on retargeting audiences at all. Okay.

Again, they all go in the same ad set as all of my other ads. Okay. So, there's no reason.

All right. Then the next one is, how do you manage promotions for returning customers only? Okay.

This is where email and SMS comes in play. Okay. Email and SMS.

I'm going to create a segmented list in Klaviyo and I'm going to hit people hard with email and SMS specifically for that. Okay. I'm even going to still, you know, push some ads in Facebook right there because I know that I can craft the ad.

It's going to resonate with returning customer only and push that and Facebook will target that for me because the ad creates the audience and the audience is created by who resonate with that ad. And it's also likely to take that action that I'm optimizing for, which is cost per purchase. So, but yeah, guys, so this is my Facebook ads retargeting strategy for 2023.

I did it all of 2022. I haven't ran a retargeting campaign since January, 2022. We're seeing better results for our clients because now Facebook can adjust budget based off how it thinks.

It wants to spread that budget across, you know, more top of funnel style ads versus bottom funnel or middle funnel style ads. Okay. So it does all that work for me.

I no longer have to do that. This leaves less campaigns for me to manage. I'm more efficient with my time in the ad account.

I've also spent a lot less in the ad account. And then from there, you know, from an ad standpoint, only creating ads for one campaign now on a weekly basis. And it's just, it's a hell lot easier to manage.

I get better results because I'm, you know, allowing Facebook to optimize more efficiently. So it's just a really big win-win for all of us. The only reason it plays a mindfuck with a lot of people is because now you're not seeing a designated retargeting campaign.

So yes, we are running retargeting ads, but we're not running them in a designated retargeting campaign. So now this is more where experience kind of trumps the kind of strategy in that sense right there. Because I know for a fact we're retargeting people due to my experience, but less experienced advertisers look at them like, well, no, we're not because we're not running a designated retargeting campaign.

Well, you just don't really know how the platform works in that case right there. And you just have a little bit more learning, a little bit more experience to get to. So that's usually how we have a lot of conversations with a lot of our clients in that case right there.

So yeah, guys, thank you all so much for watching this video. Again, if you want one-on-one mentoring, click the link below. If you want to learn a little more how our agency can help you out.

If you're Facebook ads, click the link below as well. I have one link for each one of those. But yeah, thank you all so much for watching.

Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.