Today, I want to break down a Facebook ad that has spent over $200,000. And before I do so, I do want to go into how can you create Facebook ads that spend more money inside of your Facebook ad account, which helps you obviously with making more in profits, help you have to maintain CPA and ROAS at scale while you maintain volume and margins. So that being said, let's dive into the video problem I see with so many advertisers in this particular space right here when they're running Facebook ads is that they're not connecting with anyone.

They're just like saying, Hey, here's my, here's my energy drink. Hey, get a 60% off. And it's like, when I just did that right there, it's like, you have no clue what my energy drink does.

You also have no clue of the brand or anything like that. And I just said, Hey, 60% off, you know? So the problem with that right there, it does nothing to connect with people.

Now, if I said, Hey, do you feel tired and jittery after you drink energy drinks or Hey, does energy drinks make you feel anxious? Right. And if you're an energy drink drinker, and you heard that question right there, it's going to hook people in better into wanting to watch that ad.

Now, what we're doing here is we're simply calling out something that someone is experiencing in like top of their mind. And we're calling those people out in your marketplace. And then we're pulling them in into our ad.

So if I said, Hey, you know, do you feel anxious when you drink energy drinks? Yes. And you know, do you want an energy drink that could potentially help you out with more stable energy?

You don't crash after three hours after drinking it. And you know, it tastes amazing. Like, yes, I would love that.

Well, that's this energy drink right here. And you can get it today on our website. And it's limited today, only 60% off.

So what that's going to do is it's going to allow us to reach substantially more people because we're calling out a mass desire across the market. And that's simply a problem they're experiencing, which is, you know, pre-work or energy drinks that give them those jitters or energy drinks that I give them crashes from there. So all that's going to stem from your customer research.

Now, your customer research can be done through looking at reviews on your website, reviews at your competitor's website, Facebook ad comments, and just simply scrolling through at like energy drinks. For example, energy drink reviews on TikTok and YouTube. That way I can start to find the problems that people are experiencing with other energy drinks.

And then I'm just the key thing here. I make an energy drink that doesn't have those problems. So that way I can have a competitive advantage.

Then when I have a competitive advantage, I can push that across the marketplace. Now, the reason why I want to articulate all that to you real quick, because I see that consistently happen with just, hey, buy my energy drink. Hey, boom.

And then I get calls and I get messages in the comments. Nick, why don't I have a 2x ROAS at $50,000 a month in spin? I'm struggling to scale.

I'm like, yeah, because your ads suck because you're doing nothing to actually communicate to your marketplace and actually showcase and talk to them based off what they're experiencing and then articulate in a solution to them. You're just simply doing some dog shit ads. All right.

So if you want to make better ads and that's where you need us to look at connecting with people. Now, the reason why I want to talk about that to you guys first, before I show you this ad, because that was literally exactly what allowed us to scale this particular account to multiple five figures a day. I've taken from $5,000 a day, a little over $30,000, $50,000 a day in revenue over the last six, seven months.

And we're also able to find this one ad that spent over $200,000 over the last couple of months. And just one of the many winning ads we found for this particular client. And it was all about connecting with the marketplace.

The prior ads were not connecting. It was more of just, hey, here you go. Boom.

This is it. This is what you need. So when you connect with people, you can have a much more powerful ad that calls out the right people based off what they want in their life right now.

And then you showcase the product as the solution. So let's show you this ad real quick. So again, this is the spin right here.

I spent $239,000. This is from like April, not even April. It's like May 20th or May 18th of 2023 up until February 29th today.

Again, just one of the many winning ads we have for this account. And then I'll actually show you the ad creative itself and let's break it down real quick. So first off, I'm going to leave it with sound off because 80% of people watch ads with sound off.

So if your ad cannot be watched with sound off, that's a problem right there. But let's just look at this really quick. So who is the desire right here?

This is my girlies who need a girl's night soon. So let's look at a couple of things. Number one, this is my girlies who need a girl's night soon.

We're talking to girls who want a girl's night soon. That is it. We're calling out something they want.

And then we're also looking at the sophistication stage. So that's the desire. This is definitely more of an unaware market right here.

We're calling out that. And then we're also looking at the sophistication, which is the number of products they've seen before ours. And they've tried a lot of things for girl's night.

So we just showcased a new mechanism, which is what we're kind of showcasing in the background. All right. I recently did this on my last girl's night.

All right. We've got some creators. We've got showcase action here.

Also, too. Again, it's more of that storytelling, which also works really well. And we have become excess.

So we're calling out the, you know, basically just how they loved it, calling out the brand, calling out basically, you know, just how it's used, et cetera, how it's shown, showing them how the little girl's night out. Cool. So very simple, right?

Like it's not a complex ad at all. But the key thing here is it's not a complex ad. But the key thing here is that we were able to connect with people.

And then we also visually showcased who they become, you know, because of this, they got to have this really cool girl's night. That's the desired situation they desire to be in. And even the desire situation of who they become, because you also got to look at it as like, I'm the cool friend that got these for the friends.

And we're doing this on girl's night because it's so much fun to do with the girls. So you also can look at it from that perspective as well. But yeah, very simple, straightforward, creative.

It's not a hard creative, but we also went the extra steps of getting the video with a product film, video of girls filmed. I'm also have some pretty cool, you know, just photos in here of the actual like product itself. So where people can see.

So we took those extra steps and we also looked at the research to be able to identify a group of people that we could actually connect with across the marketplace. We do this for all of our accounts. Every creative we launch and stuff, it's all about connecting with people where they're at and then showcasing what they need to achieve that.

They want a girl's night and they want something fun to do. And we're just simply showcasing them how they can get there with our product. So I know it's a short little video for you guys, but hopefully all this made sense.

If you have any questions about it, drop it below. This is something that's a massive game changer for me in terms of like helping me spend more of our accounts, make more money for our clients, and even to completely transforming accounts as well. So thank you all so much for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below.

Have Nick Terry run your Facebook ads. I help brands doing $100,000 a month or more scale to multiple seven figures a month. We've helped four brands now.

Love to help you be the next one. And lastly, if you don't want us to run your ads, look at my mentorship program where I can help you on a monthly basis, be able to scale up your account. So thank you all for watching.

Good rest of y'all day. Peace out.