Today, we will be deploying the five stages of market awareness in real time. Actually, we're giving you guys an exact customer journey that I personally went through and give you guys real examples of how the stages of market awareness works from a psychological perspective of consumer psychology. So with that being said, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio.

Welcome to the channel. I basically run an advertising agency. I make these videos completely free for you guys to give you guys as much value as possible to help you scale your brand.

And one day you'll say, fuck it. And you're basically going to either want to outsource to me or you want me to mentor you. So I have two links below where I can either A, work with you and help you run your ads or B, mentor you and still help you out with your ads and outside right there.

Don't have a course or anything like that for sale. So just hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you're asking yourself, why am I credible to teach in this stuff?

We've managed somewhere around seven figures a month with Facebook ads. I've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. Helped multiple brands, got all six figures and seven figures a month in revenue.

So that being said, let's dive into the video. So I recently went through a buyer journey myself where I went through the five stages of market awareness. And I really want to actively share with you guys my feelings and thoughts at each stage.

So that way as a marketer, you deploying ads to these specific stages of people, you know exactly kind of what around they are currently feeling. So let's go ahead and just kind of give you a brief overview of what happened. I recently went to the doctor for something actually completely unrelated to what I got diagnosed with.

And I got diagnosed with something called dermatitis, okay? And it's basically just, you know, kind of a skin irritation that happens for, you know, a period of time on the scalp area for a specific set part of the scalp. It's not like the whole scalp where it's just kind of itchy, flaky.

It's very commonly misdiagnosed as dandruff, but it's not dandruff at all. So yeah, that's basically it. And so I want to go through because obviously I've gotten some solutions now for this.

And I've thought about this particular problem in my life in many different ways, okay? And I want to share with you guys through how I went through the five stages of market awareness with this. It's not really a sexy thing to be talking about, but it definitely gives you guys insight from a different perspective, okay?

So let's just start off with how it started, okay? So we're going to start off and I'm going to start documenting the whole thing in real time. So let's start off with obviously the fifth stage, which is unaware.

And I'm actually not going to start off at this one because that's not where my journey started off with. But I will come back to unaware as there is a specific set of ads that we can create to appeal to that specific demographic. Okay, so we're going to go to problem aware, all right?

And problem aware is going to be the second largest group. So let's say, for example, unaware has 100 million people in it. Problem aware will have 10 million people inside of it, okay?

And at problem aware, I was actively, and I say actively because that's what I was experiencing. I was actively experiencing this problem. That's what you need to understand, that I was actively experiencing a problem.

And then what was I experiencing? Okay, dry scalp, itchy scalp, and flaky scalp. Now, there's a few things at this stage I did not know, okay?

Number one, I didn't know what the hell I had. I didn't know what was going on here, okay? Number two, I didn't know what the solutions were.

I just know I have this problem, okay? So a problem aware demographic understands that they have a problem, but they don't, they haven't linked to a specific solution yet, okay? They just know they have a problem, all right?

I have a problem with this. So the next step is after we acknowledge the problem they have is to introduce the solution for that problem. So if I wanted to target someone who is problem aware, the hook or headline, something relevant to that would be, hey, do you have a dry scalp?

Did you know part of having a dry scalp can be also linked to dermatitis? And then going down that flow of what solves dermatitis, okay? So with a specific headline or like that, like, hey, do you have dry scalp?

Even though that I'm trying to sell them a product that solves dermatitis, which was, I was, you know, diagnosed with. Even though that that is what I'm trying to sell, I cannot mention dermatitis in the headline. I cannot visualize dermatitis in the first three to five seconds.

I can demonstrate dry scalp. I can visualize that. I can visualize flaky scalp, things like that, but I can't say, hey, do you have dermatitis?

Because quite frankly, I didn't know I had dermatitis yet. So I would completely have toned out. So in the first three to five seconds of this ad, we need a headliner, headliner hook that relates to dry scalp, flaky scalp.

And you can literally just put flaky scalp question mark, okay? And then show a visual of the flaky scalp, kind of like flaky. Okay, now that we got that problem aware markets specifics attention, then from there, we can diagnose them and then show them the solution.

Okay, so let's go over to solution aware. All right, now solution aware. This is people who are actively aware of the solution to their problem.

Now at solution aware, there was multiple different solutions being pushed to me. Different solution aware ads thrown at me. Okay, so one solution aware type of ad was like, you know, a doctor for, you know, dermatitis.

Another one was, you know, like shampoo or dermatitis. And yeah, so I'm just going to go over that. And then other like creams and stuff like that.

Okay, so I don't know why I put a five. At this stage right here. Now at the third stage, if I wanted to target a stage three market awareness.

Okay, now if we look at like prom aware, like unaware. Unaware might have 100 million people. Prom aware might have 10 million people.

Solution aware people will have a million people in it. Okay, so it's a smaller crowd, but it's more specific. Okay, so that's the trade-offs here.

You might go down this market awareness and start at a lower level and you'll have a more specific audience, but you'll have a smaller audience. The higher you go up the market awareness levels, the harder it is to sell to people, but you have a larger demographic. Okay, so that's the trade-off there.

Now as a brand spends multiple multiple millions of dollars a year in advertising, you want to climb this ladder because then you can appeal to more people and get more people in the door. Majority of people who are stuck at scaling. It's the messaging that's incorrectly set up in the business and their messaging is just not set up to reach more people out in the population.

Okay, so that's the biggest thing that we saw when we come in and help a business scale is we just fix the messaging to reach more people. So at the solution aware, this one at solution aware, I had a problem B. I've already gotten a diagnosis now.

So now see I'm actively looking at solutions specific to this problem here. Okay, so this is where I was looking at, you know, shampoos for dermatitis doctors to treat dermatitis things like that different home remedies for for dermatitis. I can actively mention now the the problem that the diagnosis essentially.

Okay, so this is where you're going to go that next step further. All right. So, you know, now you can mention dermatitis.

Now you can mention very specific solutions in the hook in the headline. So if I wanted to create an ad that started off with problem aware, then obviously the first three to five seconds we problem aware and then I move into like the solution and things like that. But now if I want to reach a solution aware demographic again, they're already diagnosed with dermatitis.

They already know the problem things like that. Then all I got to do is call out the solution in the ad. Hey, this shampoo relieves dermatitis in five seconds or, you know, five days as little as five days shampoo to remove dermatitis as little as five days.

Okay, then that's a solution where headline we can open up a solution where markets. Okay, so at the solution where stage I was looking at different solutions doctors shampoos and creams. Okay, so that's where I was at at the solution where stage.

Okay, now the next stage is product aware. Okay, and product aware. I was actively sold on the solution, but not sure which product was best for the solution.

Now at this stage right here, I chose a shampoo. So at this stage right here, I chose shampoo. That's how I wanted to specifically treat this.

Okay, and I was currently looking at a few different shampoos. Okay, I'm now aware of multiple different products around for very specific solution I wanted. Okay, the solution is shampoo.

Now the products is brand A, brand B, brand C, brand D. Which one of those brand shampoos are going to do the best job at treating this? Okay, I know the solution I want to take, but which shampoo will do the best job for me?

That's the question. Okay, so now I'm looking at things like ingredients, safety, you know, will my hair fall out after taking this? Speed to results, different mechanisms within the shampoo.

Proof, you know, has it worked for others? So I'm asking very product aware questions here. Okay, now personally at this stage right here, I wouldn't have too many ads around this stage.

Also another good one is us versus them. Just proving your superiority. And at product aware, it's like, hey, which brand is best for me?

Is it brand A, brand B, brand C? This is the type of ads that you can run that are like us versus them. Okay, them.

And you can have like a few bad ingredients they have in theirs and then us and then boom, boom, boom. You have to prove your superiority that your product is the best. Now, I recommend at this stage that you're leveraging a lot of, you know, landing page optimizations around this stage because now you're looking at an audience that is, let's see, unaware, 100 million people.

Problem aware, 10 million people. Solution aware, a million people. Now product aware, you have maybe 100,000 people.

Okay, so the audience sizes are getting drastically smaller. Okay, at this point. So I really wouldn't spend too much money here at the product aware.

I definitely would leverage a few ads, but I would make sure that all of these specific questions are answered on the landing page. I would take a lot of time and consideration on that because quite frankly, at this point, I'm literally just have my browser open with five different shampoos that fix my problem. And now I am just figuring out which one out of those five is the best ones.

And I'm just comparing landing page to landing page. Okay, so this is a great spot that you would really want to improve your e-com business on is have all these higher like level questions about your product on your page. Just a few things like ease of use, proof.

You know, do you have proof on your product page that your product works from multiple different perspectives? A perspective of doctors recommended authority figures like, you know, PR articles, things like that. You know, customer reviews, like all of these things right here that add authority and proof that your product does what it says there.

That's huge. Okay, so now at a product aware stage, I've cut down maybe five, 10 shampoos down to one or two. Okay, now the last stage is aware.

Okay, now aware. Honestly, we're doing a lot of targeting here with email and SMS. We'll still occasionally run some ads at an aware stage.

But this is basically, hey, I was actively sold on one to two brands, but just waiting for the right price. So, at this stage, this is where a text. All right, hold up.

Let me just show it from this. This is where like a 20% off works. Okay, you know, 20% off, free shipping, things like that.

This type of stuff right here, it's if I'm choosing between three or four brands and I'm sold on one or two brands, then the first person hit me with a text or SMS or an ad that says 20% off I'm buying from. Okay. Now, again, aware is a small group of people.

We have to think about it like this. All right. You have your unaware audience, which is like this big.

And you have your problem aware audience, which is like this big. And you have your solution aware audience, that's like this big. You have your product aware audience, that's like this big.

And you have your aware audience, that's this big. Okay. So, again, that's the five stages of market awareness.

So, as you go down, you go smaller in audience size. All right. And then as you go up, difficulty to sell to increases.

Okay. So, you just, you have to understand that when you're looking at the market awareness stages. Okay.

So, that's why we find a sweet spot between problem and solution aware for 95% of our brands we run ads with. But it does make sense to go to the aware on the unaware stage. And it also does make sense to go to the product aware and aware stage also at some levels too.

You know, we like to focus a lot of our ads on like for brand new accounts around like product aware and like a problem aware stage right there. Just because now with product aware, we're actively going out and after like a lot of the brands are already selling. We're proving our superiority.

We have a better product. The second thing we like to look at is problem aware. Problem aware is just calling out specific problems people are having and introducing our solution for that.

Specific problem. Okay. But here's the real questions and the real types of ads that would have fit me at each level.

And I really hope this kind of like helps you guys out to understand the five stages of market awareness. But there is one more stage that I really want to hit on really quick. And if I can actually scoot this all over really quick for you guys, I'm actually going to show you something also really interesting of how to actually open up an unaware market.

Because I do think that's very important there to to understand how to do that. Okay. So unaware market.

Again, these are people that are completely unaware to the problem, the solution, the product or anything like that. These are people that are just living their lives. Okay.

So at this stage right there. Now, I didn't go through the unaware stage. I went to the problem aware stage.

Okay. That's just that's how I became aware of this problem. Boom.

I started to experience this and I went down this journey. Now, let's say, for example, I didn't have to go down this journey. And an unaware stage at this level would have been an ad to sell to me as a preventative.

Okay. So let's say, for example, you know, I got this from I love going to the sauna. You know, it's kind of like a, you know, hypothesis of possibly how I got this.

I love going to the sauna. Go to the sauna all the time at my gym. So let's say, for example, I got this from going to the sauna at my gym.

Okay. And there's a lot of data in science backed that going to the sauna can lead to dermatitis. Okay.

So with this for unaware, then what I would do is, is I would create an ad that actively calls out people who go to the sauna. Okay. Then from there, I would educate them unaware.

The biggest problem of unaware and why it's so hard to sell to is because you have to educate them on a problem. Now I would educate them on data linked to dry scalp. Okay.

From sauna. All right. Then from there, I would, you know, leads to dermatitis.

All right. And then can be solved with, you know, X, you know, and then go a little bit more further into like that, like the next, et cetera. So that's how it would open up an unaware ad.

Okay. Now, so here's the key thing here. If I was creating an ad for unaware right here for this specific market right here, where it says like actually calls out people who go to the sauna.

All right. Add this ad right here. When I create the visual, the video, for example, if I show dry scalp in the first three to five seconds, I'm already fucked up because you cannot mention the problem yet because people are unaware to the problem.

Okay. So I have to show a sauna. I have to show people enjoying and loving the sauna for the unaware market.

Okay. That's how I opened up that market. Then the next three to five seconds after I use that scene right there.

Hey, do you love going to the sauna? Boom. Next three to five seconds after that first three to five seconds, the next what, you know, five to 10 seconds, then I can start talking about how dry scalp is led, you know, sauna leads to dry scalp.

Okay. Now the 10 to 15 second mark, I can talk about the solution. All right.

You know, this leads to dermatitis or dry scalp, which leads to dermatitis. Here's how you treat dermatitis. And I talk about that solution.

You can use shampoos. And then from there, the next, you know, where we at like 20 to 25 seconds. I can talk about product, like the product aware, how our shampoo for dermatitis is the best one on the market.

Yada, yada, yada. List all like the superior, you know, superiority, things like that. Boom.

Then the last 25 to 30 seconds or 30 to 35 seconds aware. Hey, buy today. And you get one free bottle as well with your order.

So there we go. I just took you through a real life sales process and taking people through this. So if I create an ad for unaware, I go through all five stages in one video ad.

And I think so many people get this confused that they have to create an unaware ad that a problem aware ad that a solution aware ad. No, you create one ad that goes through everything in one ad. Okay.

Now for problem aware, if I create a problem aware ad, I'm going to go through the starting with problem aware and then go through all the other stages after problem aware in that video ad. Hey, do you have dry scalp? Yes, I do.

This is likely due to dermatitis. If you want to treat dermatitis, then check out our shampoo for dermatitis. Our shampoo is blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Better than all the other competitors. Buy one today and you get 20% off a second bottle. Boom.

Now, if I wanted to start at solution aware, hey, our, well, I forgot. I was just trying to think of a name. Our Liberty shampoo treats dermatitis as little as five as five days.

Boom. Solution aware. Okay.

Here's why ours is better. Product aware. Get, get, buy one today.

Get 20% off a second bottle. Boom. So you can see how I go through very specifics in terms of regardless of where I start at in terms of like the ad.

If I start by solution aware, I carry through the rest of the phases. If I start a problem aware, I carry through the rest of the phases because then it makes psychological sense for the consumer. It takes them through the proper thought processes they need to go through in order to purchase your product.

And lastly, at aware, that's literally where I just show an image of our dermatitis treating shampoo. And there you just say, Hey, our fantastic dermatitis treating shampoo is now 20% off today. Boom.

That's it. That's all you need to do because they're already completely sold on our product. They're sold on our brand and everything like that.

There's waiting for a good discount. But then again, when you go to an aware stage, you have a smaller audience size, so you can't expect to spend a lot of money. So when we're scaling accounts, we're typically going up to a bigger unaware market here.

And at this unaware market, it's again, it's hard to sell to. So, you know, the pay grade as well for a marketer who can, you know, charge, who can do unaware ads is little. Okay.

Now someone who can create product aware ads, that's going to be a little bit better, you know, a little bit more. Okay. Now someone who created a solution aware ad.

Okay. We're going to pay them a lot more for a marketer perspective. Problem aware, even more.

Okay. Why? Because it's harder to sell to.

And those who get it right or can get it right can pay a lot. You know, people are willing to pay a lot of money to solve these issues. And, you know, Hey, that person is going to make, you know, six, seven figures a year as a marketer.

This person will make six figures. This person will make five figures a year. And this one will barely crack four figures.

This will make a couple of dollars. Okay. So because these ads require a lot more research, a lot more in-depth knowledge and a lot more just honestly market sophisticated marketer sophistication, a more sophisticated, more intelligent marketer at the end of the day.

Okay. And that's why clients pay us a lot of money to run their ads because we can really dig deep. And we've helped the brand that was stuck at like a thousand dollars a day, crack 15 to $20,000 a day, 15, $15,000 a day in ad spend.

And we've made them over $25 million just this year alone by cracking this model for them. Okay. So this type of stuff works.

And this is the higher level marketing tactics that is actually going to scale your ad account, not duplicating ABO campaigns or CBO campaigns. Like that shit does not scale ad accounts because that's not talking about the messaging. The messaging is what sells the product.

That's how you appeal to your consumers and everything like that. And that's what's actually going to move the needle. But no, you're worried about CBO or ABO or Nick.

I'm in learning limited. I'm not going to get good performance. Or Nick, I copied an ad when it was a full moon outside and now I'm scared my performance is going to get fucked up.

Or Nick, I, you know, increased or decreased my budget 20 minutes after the 24 hour period. Like, is that going to affect my results? Or hey, Nick, I actually did 31% instead of 20% for an ad spend.

And is my whole account fucked? Like, no, chill the fuck out. And you need to focus on shit like this because this is the stuff that's actually going to move the needle in your account, not stuff like these little technical stuff in the ad account.

The ad account is not that sensitive at all. The ad account is actually very, you know, hard to break. Okay.

When you actually create good ads, but when you create shit poor ads, that's when you start, you know, thinking like if the moon is not full moon and you duplicate an ad that you think shit's going to break in the account. That's not fucking true. I've been running ads since 2015.

I've spent multiple, multiple seven fingers in ad spend on Facebook. Then over a step, you know, $50 million with online revenue just from Facebook ads itself. And I can tell you not, none of that shit is true.

Okay. Keeping shit in the account simple and focusing on messaging and creative concepts like this, this is going to substantially increase the performance in your ad accounts. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

I hope this was a very interesting video around, you know, market awareness and things like that. And actually giving you a real, real kind of feedback with like, you know, someone actively going through the five stages himself and giving you kind of like types of things that have appealed to me at those stages and things like that. So make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Click links below. I have one for, you know, if you want me to run your ads for you, book a free strategy session with me, and we'll actually kind of go over your ad account and everything like that. Or if you would love me for love for me to mentor you also have a link for that for my little inner circle.

So thank you all so much for watching. My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.