Today, we will be going over how exactly we did $327,000 in sales within 30 days with Facebook ads in our new Facebook ad strategy we call e-motion baiting. So let's take a look real quick. This is one of our accounts.

Again, we did this in 30 days and leveraging our strategy called emotion baiting. So before emotion baiting, this was March 1st through March 31st, we did about $128,000 in sales, 42K net profits, $55,000 spent in ads, 2.32 ROAS, NCCPA of $29. Now, after we applied this emotion baiting strategy to this account, we were able to go to $327,000 in sales, literally almost 3X in this business.

We doubled profit from 42,000 to $93,000 net profit. Facebook ads, again, almost triple that as well in terms of the ad side. ROAS stayed the same, NCCPA stayed about the same, and that's totally okay because that's technically the client goals of what CPA or what targets we need to hit for ROAS and NCCPA.

So we are hitting those particular goals. We were able to just break that spin barrier and that revenue barrier that the client was stuck at, and that's the whole reason why they came on board to work with us. So now we're going to continue scaling this account, leveraging our strategy called emotion baiting.

So let's go a little bit more into this. Before I can actually go into what emotion baiting is, I need you to understand the problem that what I see 90% of advertisers on Facebook struggle with, and that is all of their ads are focused on the product. Here's my amazing product.

Buy it now. That's literally it. And it's just over and over.

Here's my product. It's amazing. Hey, look, these customers said this product was cool.

Hey, you should buy it. Hey, it's 50% off. Hey, like buy it now.

That's it. And that's literally all of the ads look like. And this is kind of how it's structured.

Hey, you want this product? Hey, you're looking for water here. Here's where you can buy it now.

Now, the problem with this is that you will get some sales, right? You will get, you will get to a certain level of spend, maybe a hundred dollars a day. You get capped that maybe a thousand dollars a day, you get capped that.

But for the accounts that we can spend a couple thousand dollars a day, the accounts that we can start brand new from scratch and quickly scale them, they leverage what I call it emotion baiting. And emotion baiting is more specifically where you're focusing on the market and you're focusing on the emotions that your market wants to feel. And you lead with these emotions.

Hey, you want to feel more energy. What if I told you I had a way for you to feel more energy? Hey, you want to feel loved?

Hey, what if I told you I had a way to help you feel three times more loved every night before you go to sleep? You're focusing more on the emotion that people want to feel because people have a stronger connection to an emotion they want to feel versus a product they want. The product they want, it's, you know, just because they want the product, right?

But if we can help them transform into and step into a place where they can feel an emotion that they've been desiring, you have a lot better ads. So for example, Jimbrose secret to getting energy without the jitters. You have no clue what the product here is.

This literally could be cocaine, but it's not. And this could be pre-workout. This could be a injection.

This could be a Red Bull. This could literally just be water with salt in it. You have no clue what the product is here, but this is more an emotion that people specifically want to feel across the marketplace.

And all of our ads are more focused on, Hey, you want to feel this emotion. Here's the product that can give you that. That's the focus right there.

So we start all of our ads with, here's the emotion. Here's how you can feel more energetic. Here's how you can feel more loved.

Here's how you can make more money. Here's how you can feel wealthier. Here's how you can confidently run Facebook ads.

Here's how you can break past $100 a day with Facebook ads. We start off with the emotion they want to feel. And then we lead into that desired state of, Hey, you want to feel more energetic.

What if I told you I had a way to where every morning you woke up, you immediately jumped out of bed. You didn't sit there and doom scroll on Facebook. You didn't sit there and want to cry your eyes out because you woke up in the morning place.

You just woke up full of natural flowing energy and you just leaped out of bed. You went, put your clothes on and you were just excited to start the day. It's like, yes, yes.

I want to feel more energetic. I want that every morning. Then all you have to do is take X product.

So instead of me just saying, Hey, tech X product, Hey, here's my product. Here's, it's amazing. And stuff like that.

All I simply do is lead with that emotion, showcase that emotional state they want to be in and then lead into here's the product that can satisfy that. That's all I'm doing with my ads. And that's what I call emotion baiting.

And that's exactly how we were able to do $327,000 in sales. This brand, we do this for a multitude of our other clients. And it's easily one of the best things that's changed the trajectory of my career as a Facebook advertiser.

It's allowed me to have more consistency in results. It's allowed me to 2X, 5X, 10X accounts in terms of revenue spin. It's allowed me to take accounts that were literally bleeding to death and completely transforming them into something that can grow month over month.

It's also giving me confidence as a Facebook ads advertiser, right? So as someone who runs Facebook ads, you need to be confident with your ability to get client results or you own store results. You know, I run ads for clients.

A lot of you guys are watching this actually run your own store. You need to be able to have a system and a structure and a strategy that is based off logic. So that's also like my favorite thing about emotion baiting, right?

I'm not focusing on, oh, here's a cool ad account structure. You know, here's a way to increase, decrease budget because none of that matters, right? What matters is the ads you put in front of your customer and your prospect specifically.

Those are the things that people see. Those are the things that people connect with. Then they get exposed to your product.

Then they get exposed to your brand. But if we're not putting attention there on the thing that drives 80 to 90% of the results and we're too focused on the thing in the backend that your customers don't see, your customers don't see, or your prospects don't see your ad account structure. Your customers don't see when you increase, decrease the budget.

They see the creative you put inside that ad account. And if that's not properly aligned and properly built, well, guess what? That's what's going to shit the bed for you.

And that's why, oh, Nick, I tested 30 creatives. Yeah, you tested 30 creatives. You took the same fucking picture and you put a different headline on every single picture.

That is shit. Every creative we test is built upon a hypothesis, is built upon research, is built upon understanding our market. It's built on understanding the emotions they want to feel.

It's built on consistently filming new content we can put in the ad accounts to consistently try to resonate with that emotion in different perspectives. That's how we do it. So hopefully this helps you guys out.

And if you want to understand more, hey, how do I find these emotions? How do I position them in front of my market? How do I convey to people the emotions they'll give my product?

And how do I put that into a Facebook ad? Well, I have three options for you. Number one, if you're doing over $100,000 a month in revenue, and you want me to just come into your account and do all this for you, then click the link below to have Nickterio run your ads.

If you're doing at least $10,000 a month with Shopify, but not quite 100k yet, then click the link below to have Nickterio mentor you. We'll work one-on-one, and I'll actually get on calls with you to help you out and structure all this yourself. And lastly, if you're doing less than $10,000 a month, then click the link below to Nickterio's Facebook ads course.

And inside that course, I teach all of this with over-the-shoulder trainings and a community chat as well. So again, all those links will be below. Make sure to hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And thank you all so much for watching. Y'all have a good rest of your day. Peace out.