One of our clients just hit over $500,000 over the last 30 days with Facebook ads. And today I'm going to go over the exact Facebook ad account structure that we're currently using right now to do over $500,000 months with Facebook ads. So diving into it, this is triple well.

You can see right here, we did over $526,000 over the last 30 days, right around $184,000 of ad spend. So just above $6,000 a day in ad spend we're spending. Hovered around a 2.89 ROAS with over about 90K in profit for this particular client.

Now the actual ad account structure we have, we're pretty much all in one particular campaign. It's a broad CBO campaign. And we have like two or three other like little side campaigns that are just for a completely irrelevant test that we're doing right now.

The main focus will be on the main campaign with our main product that we're currently scaling right now. With that being said, let's kind of go a little bit into this. So first things first, to be able to do things like this, you do need a winning offer.

Now a winning offer for me is not necessarily like a discount or a percentage off or whatever. It's everything in exchange for people's money. So everything I get in return for the money you give me, that is your offer.

And you need to position this for one specific persona to help them achieve one particular transformation. So for me, like example, with my agency and my inner circle, my mentorship, my particular offer is all around helping people achieve the transformation of scaling Facebook ads profitably. And then the main particular persona I go after is e-com specific people.

So first things first, you need an offer and you need to be providing more value to people than what they pay you. So, you know, if you're offering them a product and your product is an iPhone 6, when everyone wants an iPhone 14 or 15, whatever the current one is right now in the marketplace, you are going to get beat severely. Now, next thing is going to be the creative strategy that we leverage.

For us, our creative strategy is driven by market research first. And then everything that follows that is what do people desire? And how can we showcase that visually to people?

So for us, in this particular case right here, this may be photos, videos, professional versus user generated versus AI content. Now, or this may be long form video versus short term video. This may be testimonial angles, authority angles, founder videos, unboxing, etc.

All of these different things are driven by market research, understanding what people desire, and then showcasing that in a creative way, leveraging some of these different formats. And me personally, I like to just test them all and see what works best for me. Now, let's actually dive into the exact kind of more account structure and more of like how we're actually running that particular Facebook ad account.

So, like I said, we have this one main campaign. These other campaigns are just like side things. They're clearly irrelevant to like the main success we've achieved.

For example, like this is just an old product that we're just selling out the rest of it. Product testing campaign right here. So that's just testing new products.

Finding other products that will break out into individual campaigns. We only have two winning products right now. This one right here, this campaign, and this one right here, this campaign.

Both are two completely different products. So just showcasing you how we just break those out. And then we have a new bundle test we're testing right now on the side campaign.

But again, the main campaign we're focusing on is this one right here. That's the campaign that's currently carrying this particular ad account. Now, inside of this campaign, we pretty much just have new ad sets each week that are all targeting Advantage Plus audiences.

And each of these ad sets have two to three new creatives. And right now, we've been doing just single creatives. So if it's like three videos, it'll be three single videos.

Each has like a separate ad. And then what we'll do is we'll upload two primary texts and two headlines. One existing winner and one new.

So that way, we're also testing some new copy as well to go with some of those things. And then, like I said, all we're doing is uploading those ad sets inside of this campaign. Whatever gets spin, gets spin.

If it doesn't get spin, it's a trash creative. Like that's it. That's it.

That's how we're thinking. I'm not overly analyzing this shit. Now, going into how those creatives are structured, we do one hook and then just three different visuals.

So for example, here, this is some photos right here. One hook, three different visuals. And then each ad set has its own unique concept.

So like this is one ad set. This is another ad set. And then so one throughout it.

And again, Fantage Plus audiences, Fantage Plus placements. I'm just leaving all this and letting Facebook do the work. I'm not fucking around with lookalikes, interest, custom audiences a lot.

Like, no, I'm lazy. I'm not done with that shit. Now, the actual scaling aspect of how we actually increase spin, super easy.

Did we hit our cost per acquisition goal yesterday? If so, increase CBO campaign budget by 20%. If not, then we're just going to simply hold that budget.

And we're going to aggressively focus on the bottleneck, which may be creative, landing page, or AOV. And that's it. That's simple for scaling and, you know, moving forward.

So that's pretty much it. I know it's not super complicated. And that's literally because it's not with like actual scaling and running this campaign structure.

Doing 500k a month, all the way up to even I think the biggest month we've had was 3.5 million in a single month. All of these case studies we have leverages exact structure is keeping things very simple. Trusting the algorithm to spin on the creatives that work versus doesn't.

And not getting upset when Facebook doesn't spin on them. To be fair, you can't add like a $5 a day minimum spin if it's literally 0, 0, 0. But for the most part, like, you know, we're not really forcing any major amounts of ad spends, these particular creatives and stuff.

And in that way, we can focus all of our attention on these three key areas, which is better creatives, better landing pages, and improving our AOV with new products we add to the store. And that's it. Now, if you want help hitting 500k a month with Facebook ads and stuff, then I have two ways I can help you out.

Number one, my agency, where I come in and run all of the ads for you. You have to be doing at least 100k a month for, you know, to even like basically qualify for this. And then I come in and run all the ads for you or my mentorship, where basically I do one-on-one consulting with you.

We offer one-on-one calls together, go over your ad account and give you strategic advice and everything like that. Both of those links are below. And hope you guys enjoy this video.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, my name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace.