Today, we'll be going over the top three UGC videos. That's the highest converting videos that I recommend everyone have inside of their ad account that we've seen really good performance with. And these videos can also be really great foundational layers that you can add to a lot of other types of videos like three reasons why and things like that.

These are the go-to three videos that you must have in your Facebook ad account that we've seen really good results with. So before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into the video.

So just got a few videos right here to show you guys the examples. We're going to start off with this video right here. Number one hack to tone a turkey neck.

Now, this video right here, this is more of the problem aware audience. Okay. Now, what does that mean?

That basically means that this is the people who are aware of a problem. What we're going to do is we're going to create a UGC video that calls out that problem. And then we're going to introduce the solution.

So I'm just going to play this right here. We're showing off the problem. So this is a big key right here in the UGC video.

We want to showcase the problem and our call up the problem. And then we want to introduce the solution. So you can see right here, we're calling the problem.

Then we're introducing solution. And we're talking to a few people. You don't have to do a few people.

You can just do one person talking about the benefits of the product itself. And then also to talking about, you know, how to use the product and actually using the product as well. That's super important.

Cool. And I mean, it's pretty much just very straightforward. Call up the problem.

Showcase the creator with the problem. And then call up the solution with the particular creator. So that's the first UGC video.

Call up the problem. Introduce the solution. Talk about the benefits.

And then make sure you showcase the product actually working and stuff like that. That's really important right there. Now, next one, next one is your, your, uh, what I would say your product review, uh, product review slash product demo.

Um, this could be done two or three ways. This could be someone, uh, reviewing the product or someone even demoing the product. So right here, uh, we're trying, trying Kristen Cavalier's jewelry line.

Um, and then she's just giving an honest review around it. And, um, she's showing the product off, uh, maybe even using the product, which you'll see here in a second. So demoing the product itself and yeah, it's, it's more of just very honest review and also showcasing key benefits of it.

Again, you would script this all out as well. So it wouldn't be technically an honest review because you're telling them what to create, but it's very straightforward. You're calling out the product.

Uh, you're kind of reviewing it, calling out the features, the benefits of the product, and that's it. It's, it's very straightforward. Now, this guy was really cool because you could also take this particular video right here.

And then you could also create a top, uh, three reasons why, where you take this video, once you get it back, and then you can just add your own sound to it, but you can leave these shots in it. And it just adds your own like text on it. And then also to add like the robot voice effect.

So I'm saying it's a really good video as like some base layers here that you can have that you can repurpose this UGC specifically. So this is your, uh, like I said, your, your review video. This is your problem video.

Now, the next one is we're going to talk about is a product comparison video. This one's super important as well, because 90% of you guys are, um, in markets where there's competitors. You know, it's rare that I find someone who doesn't have a competitor.

So this will either be directly the same product or other solutions. What do I mean by that? I run a Facebook ads agency.

I run Facebook ads for brands. There's other Facebook ad agencies, which is the same product as me. But then there's also Google ad agencies, TikTok agencies, and a website or like email agencies.

These are all other agencies that help brands make more money, but they're not the same product. They're different products. So they're different solution.

So you can either do this two ways. You can call it other solutions, or you can call out other products that, um, are similar to yours. You can see other similar solutions or similar products here.

And you can see right here, tired of unsupportive sports bras. And then she basically is going to articulate the problem. So it's kind of like a problem video, but you're calling out a problem within another product or within another solution here.

And then we're going to call out, uh, we're basically introduce our newer version. Um, and we're re the key thing here is that we want to introduce the new product. And we want to showcase how that product doesn't have that problem.

Uh, we also want to showcase the fact that, um, you know, Hey, it's, it's new, it's improved, it's better. And we want to highlight any of the features and benefits around that. So you can see right here, this one has patent zip clinch lift technology right there.

Uh, so the only thing you have to worry about is your workout and just solving that problem of unsupportive, uh, sports bras right there. So again, that's the product comparison video. You can also do a solution comparison where you call another solution.

And these three videos right here are very powerful in your accounts and it can be done a lot of different ways. Uh, you can call up different problems. You can, uh, you know, use variety of different creators to essentially, uh, you know, like, like basically get the same girl right here, but film it with a variety of different girls.

And that's going to be important right there. Um, different ethnicities, different ages, different body types. Those really big thing right there that we see an impact on performance.

And then we can also call up the other different problems of sports bras. Now unsupportive sports bras might be the main one that then moves the needle here. So these are key things, product review video, testimonial view, or kind of like a review video, trying out video, and then a problem video where you call up a problem and different problems people are experiencing and tying it to your solution.

So these are the three main videos I recommend you have in your Facebook ad account that we've seen really good performance with. And these are also really good base layer videos that you can splice mix together. Uh, you could go to, uh, there's a couple of like different websites for like, uh, you know, essentially highlighting like robot voices, stuff like that.

That's also really powerful. Now, if you're questioning, well, Nick, how do I actually film these videos? And you know, I don't have creators.

I don't have, uh, you know, whatever, like how do I, how do I hire creators? That's the biggest thing. That's where I'm struggling at now.

Um, I don't have time to sit down on Tik Tok all day and message creators, or I don't get any replies or anything like that. Like that's, that's a, that's the biggest thing for me. Like I wasted a lot of time reaching out to creators and not getting anything back or even potentially hiring creators and then not getting anything in return on pay them.

And they'd ghost me. I've also used Bilio as well. Uh, Bilio was a cool platform.

Um, but the problem with Bilio, I just had a lot of terrible quality on the creators itself. Like I just, they were very amateur. I think Bilio is very good for like amateur level people, but like, I still need something better.

How do I get high quality content creators? And how can I continuously reuse these content creators to where I don't have to keep creating new projects? And then also to our shipping, new problem, um, new products.

And then how can also talk to these creators before I even hire? And that's where I discovered incense and no, this is not a paid promotion or anything like that. Like I'm literally just sharing you guys cool tools that I actually use.

I'll show you that I'm actually using this. I'm not just fluffing you guys here. Um, this is a really cool tool that, uh, we use and, um, yeah.

And also we'll be clear that I do have a promo code with them, but again, this is not a paid promotion. I'm just simply shouting them out because it's a cool tool we use and, uh, incense works phenomenal. We've been working with them since December of 2021, just to show you something really cool, really quick, just to show you that I'm actually using these.

There's just a few different, uh, campaigns I'm actively running right now. Like I literally hired about, I don't know, 60 different creators, 20 for this campaign, 21 for this campaign, 35 for this campaign right here. Um, just within the last week.

So we're actively using this. And like I said, the biggest things for me is that we get access to high quality creators, better content. Uh, we also get to, uh, like I can purchase like three videos and a couple of photos all under one creator.

And whereas like something like Billy, Oh, for example, I can only purchase one video at a time. And then I have to ship the product every time, like what just doesn't make sense. So from the creator management side, I see as more as like a creator management tool.

It's amazing. Like we love it. We see a lot of value of it.

And then, like I said, like I actually use it. I'm not just fluffing you guys here. Uh, show you guys really quick.

Like I've spent $11,000 on creators. I've purchased what 107 creative assets so far, seven, almost 70 different deals. Um, that's been completed.

So that's like, we've received the content, all that good stuff right there. No, we actually use this. We use this.

We love it. And I just want to help you guys out, uh, with getting content like this. Now, obviously the scripting side is super important.

That's something that you need to yourself, but from the actual getting that content, getting it filmed and everything, that's what I recommend is incense.pro. And then book a demo with them. If you use my name, tell me you came from my YouTube channel and stuff like that.

You get a hundred dollar creator credits where you can basically apply a hundred dollars to your, like, you know, your accounts where like you have a hundred dollars to spend on a creator. And that's purely just based off me. Um, you don't have to tell them if you want, like, I'm just trying to help you guys out.

And, uh, for you guys who want to support the channel and want some cool content. So thank you guys so much for watching and, uh, definitely check out incense.pro and hopefully these three creator, these three particular UGC videos blows up your account in 2023. And, uh, yeah, guys hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.