Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I'll be discussing the age old question of should you be running reach campaigns or purchase conversion campaigns with your Facebook ads account? And I'll be going over a few different scenarios throughout it. So before we get started, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

That being said, let's dive into it. So it's been very common question. You know, should be running reach campaigns, maybe in page engagement campaigns or post engagement campaigns or traffic campaigns, or should you be running conversion campaigns on Facebook ads specifically?

That's all we're going to cover in this specific video. And then also to the question is, you know, with conversion campaigns, should I optimize for purchase? Should I optimize for at the cart, initiate checkout or view content?

What should I optimize for? So back in the early days of Facebook ads and stuff, people were like, yeah, you need to run like a PPE campaign, post engagement campaign, get a bunch of likes and shares on a post and you'll start to get some momentum. And then you can switch over to conversion campaign.

Then from conversion campaign, you can go from like at the cart to purchase. And that's how you pretty much build up the account. And as well as some people are like, oh, well, what about traffic campaign does something similar?

So there's a lot of, you know, a lot of old different ways that we used to use. But now, to be honest, 99.99% of the time, all you need to be running is purchase conversion campaigns. Even if it's a brand new ad account, I still recommend setting up purchase conversion campaigns, even if you have zero sales.

Now there's a few tricks and tips around that because for one, with a Facebook ad account, brand new, you can't optimize for purchases just yet due to no pixel data. So what you do, if you just open up the store, you literally go ahead, do an order on your storage, order the product yourself, make sure pixel and all that's installed first, go through the process, make an order, just refund yourself in a few days and you're good to go. And what's essentially going to happen is it's starting to get that purchase data.

And then it's like active, you can start optimizing for it. That's for people who have any issues with selecting that purchase objective. Now the way Facebook work, basically Facebook categorizes people.

So every person has a different category. So for example, me, I might watch a lot of videos on Facebook, but I've never actually made a purchase before from a Facebook ad. So I'm probably going to be more likely in the video view campaign.

So each campaign segments its users based off their, um, you know, central behavior on the platform. And that's how it works. That's essentially how, like the images of how things work with that.

So if I'm a partial lot of videos, but I don't ever hit like comments, I just kind of watch videos and that's it on the platform. I'm a video views person. If I, you know, as a user of the app, regular app, you know, not that has been or anything like that.

If I like and share a bunch of posts every time I'm on Facebook, it might be more of a post engagement campaign. If I click on the links of a lot of different websites and do a lot of like, you know, exiting, um, I might be considered a traffic objective particular person. Now, if I'm spending a lot of time on Facebook to purchase a lot of different things on Facebook, then what's likely going to happen.

I'm going to end up in the purchase audience of the conversions campaign. Now that's, what's cool about Facebook is we're basically saying, Hey, Facebook, you know, we want video views. We'll get you video views.

If we want purchases, we'll get you purchases because what's going to happen is, is Facebook will run that conversion campaign and it has data on those four events to purchase at the cart, initiate checkout view content. It has data around those events of who is what in those particular groups of people. So if we select purchases, we're going to get in front of a lot of people that are purchasing on Facebook.

If we select at the cart, we're going to get a lot of people that just add to cart and leave and abandon their checkout and stuff. People that are more likely not really that serious right now. There's no one's from window shopping and the same thing with initiate checkout and view content.

So Facebook has data. So when you optimize for that purchase objective, you're also basically reaching into Facebook's internal system of, Hey, who is likely to purchase right now on Facebook and we'll get our ads in front of those people. So that is exactly how it works.

And with it working like that, why would you optimize for reach post engagement traffic or any of these other things that's just going to get you a lot of clicks, maybe a high CTR because you're optimizing for a less competitive particular placement and you're getting a lot of clicks and stuff. And that's about it. So that is why I never optimize for reach traffic campaigns, post engagement campaigns.

And that's also the next thing. A lot of people believe that once you do a top of funnel post conversion or like purchase conversion campaign, then you don't need to do like, like for your retargeting buckets. We don't, we can use like reach traffic and stuff like that.

And still in every single test I've run, I've always outperform my other, like my, um, my reach campaign or my post engagement campaign for retargeting significantly by running a purchase conversion campaign. So always want to optimize for that throughout your funnel. Now, the only time I would recommend to run reach campaign or maybe a post engagement campaign is when you're retargeting existing customers.

So let's say I just launched a new product. I want to show it off to all my existing customers. Then I might run an engagement ad to my existing customers because it's such a specific list of people that already purchased from me.

That's the only time that that rule will not follow. And I can sometimes get a better reach. I can reach more people in that bucket of people.

Like, um, so I can reach the full amount of people, like 180 audience versus just a few people. And sometimes that type of campaign does perform better. So you need to understand that as well.

So the only time I'd run reach campaign traffic campaign or post engagement campaign is if I'm trying to retarget people that has already purchased from me in that purchase 180 day audience, 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, whatever you particularly use. So you have to understand that right there before anything else. Now, everything else, top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom of funnel, I'm running purchase conversions campaign because it's telling Facebook that, Hey, I want purchases.

Let me access your system. Let me find me all the people that's likely to purchase. And that's what I want.

So there is no need to run a traffic campaign. You don't need to warm up the ad account anymore with like, Hey, let's get a bunch of people who click. Then let's get a bunch of people as a cart.

Then let's get a whole bunch of people at the purchase. You're just blowing your money. Start with purchase conversions.

Day one. Fun fact is this is something earlier in my advertising career. Uh, we had spent probably three, about $9,000 promoting a webinar and I was optimizing for, um, like traffic and leads.

That's it. And we gathered probably a hundred leads a day. We spent $9,000 of the course over like 60 days.

And guess what? We didn't have a single buyer after watching that, um, webinar. Then one day I was like, Hey, let's try a purchase objective.

And the purchase objective drove up the lead costs by like 10 X. So like we're getting dollar leads or we're getting $10 leads, but guess what? That same day I got my first two to three purchases on that webinar by literally just changing the campaign objective to purchase.

So I accessed a different group of people, people with more, more liquid assets to dispose at of that particular campaign, essentially. So purchase objective is the only route I go. And I hope this video explained it.

I know it wasn't really like an exciting, really cool video or anything like that, but just more of addressing a common question. I get with this series or on the channel. Well, guys really hope you enjoyed this video.

If you are an e-com business owner and you would love to hop on a call with me and my team, um, we do free ad account audits for pretty much anyone. So click the link below, get on a call with my team. We'll put a plan together for you and you can pretty much take what we, what we give you run with it, or you have the option to work with me and my team.

And yeah, simple as that, click the link below to book that call. Well guys, my name is Nick Tarrio and I really hope you enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you so much for watching and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.