yeah Good morning YouTube currently about to go hit up a workout with Jake and show you guys what I'm eating for breakfast simple little bagel little pre-workout snack and Yeah, take you guys with me today Yeah JaVale is probably like one of my favorite bands and Right now it's currently at the gym waiting for Jake to get here and sipping down some of the ghosts great pre-workout Not really sure what today's workouts will look like but I'll probably kind of throw in a bunch of random stuff I know I need to work out arms. It's been two days since I've actually worked out So we'll see what happens today. Hi guys today We're gonna be going through a full arm workout.

It's become more of a raw workout. We'll really be a little more about commentary and stuff I just want to kind of take you guys through my typical arm day and Let you guys take some notes from it and I got Jake with me should be pretty good workout Hope you guys enjoy it first exercise. We're gonna do for triceps Right now.

I'm just kind of like still warming up was for my favorite movements or triceps gonna like activated prior to I'm going to heavier in weights I usually do anywhere from 10 15 maybe 20 reps depending on the day Really focus on the squeeze the bottom fill in that tricep activation exercise we're doing is gonna be just a pretty straightforward As you can say cable curl Again, it's just focusing on higher reps. I'm gonna do everything this whole workout I'm probably gonna be doing about 10 to 15 reps and I'm gonna do I'm not gonna say Let's just say three to five sets for everything and we're just kind of focusing on staying in that zone of working the muscle to exhaustion But these first few exercises and go a little lighter and focus on really working getting the muscle activated Full blood Next exercise we're gonna be doing is skull crusher. This is probably my least favorite but most effective tricep exercises and always like to do it towards the beginning of my workout just because at the end I'm too lazy to do it And we're gonna focus You'll watch me on do it.

I like to focus on going really exaggerated my elbows back so it puts more attention on my tricep area Looking at it, I think I'm into the steps But now we're gonna make sure we go at it Hmm Hmm Turn Turn Turn Turn Turn Alright, so this is probably one of my favorite and staple exercises of every arm day. It's just regular bicep curls, alternating. Focus in really on that squeeze at the top.

I feel like I get a really strong mind-muscle connection with this workout. It always feels really good. The key is to really focus on the squeeze at the top.

That's where you're going to feel the majority of the movement. Alright, next movement on triceps is a tricep press. You can also do this if you want.

What I'm thinking about? Dips. Tricep dips.

You can do that if you want to. But, me personally, I prefer this. Just because I feel like it's a little bit better.

Focus on it. You can focus on single movement. Again, with the same thing for all tricep movements.

Really focus on single movement. You can focus on single movement. You can focus on single movement.

You can focus on single movement. Again, with the same thing for all tricep movements. Really focus on the squeeze at the bottom.

I'm going to stretch at the top. Man. Alright, so this will be one of our last bicep movements.

of this workout. Really just going over more higher reps. I'll probably do like four sets of 20 on this.

It's really focusing on the contraction and exhausting the muscle. So, let's get it. Focusing on just that single arm.

That way you can really focus on that movement. Again, I'm keeping the weight light. Going up higher reps.

It's still a weight that I can do just 20 reps. Nothing really more than that. It knows I can put my fingers like this sometimes while muscles I'm working.

Just so I can get a better feel for the muscle. A little bit of a mind muscle connection. And then now I'll proceed to do the other arm.

But I'm not going to record that part. The last movement right here for triceps. And pretty much the last movement in the whole workout.

But this is probably one of my favorite tricep movements. We're using one of the back. What's this called?

D-grip. D-grip. Using one of the D-grip bars.

Normally you use it for back day. But you hold it just right. Come right here.

And you go down. You can see how the hands are like this. And it's just like a tricep kickback with some dumbbells.

So you get a really nice squeeze in the back of your triceps. This is working out the what? The long head right?

No. I assume so. Haha.

Ah. Look at my arm. There you go.

There you go. There you go. How did I feel?

Felt good. Felt real good. Got a pump?

Let's see it. Cool. Haha.

Little bit. Little bit. It's coming.

You just summer shredding first. Yeah. Alright guys.

Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.

Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.

Let's hope y'all enjoyed that workout. A few tips and stuff that I've learned over the years. It's not really about the exercises you do.

It's all about how you do them. In terms of the weight you use and stuff. The form.

And as well as like how hard pushing yourself. So always make sure you're doing something good in terms of like your reps and your sets. And yeah.

Pretty much everything we do is like four sets to five sets. Anywhere from five to ten reps. I'll maybe pick up a heavier weight and try to do a few more if I can't.

Then I might do a lower weight in the next set. And kind of really push and go all out. It's a really burned muscle out.

And really get into that like deep level of exhaustion and really work the muscle. Alright guys. Hope y'all enjoyed this video today.

And I know it's kind of weird because I didn't really record anything else. Because it's actually Monday and it's a Sunday's vlog. So I didn't record anything else yesterday.

I actually want to talk to you guys really quick about a few things. First off it's kind of like an upload schedule for this channel. I kind of just dived into this like daily vlogging thing.

Very just open minded. I'm kind of just going with the flow. Tweaking things as I go.

And I want to kind of set like an official upload schedule. And that's going to be Monday through Saturday. Because Monday's vlog is just going to be a combination of clips from like Saturday and Sunday.

So that way you know Sunday's the only day you're not getting a video. Kind of uploading everyday at like 12 o'clock central time. And as well as like some of the content you're going to see on this channel.

I don't want to make it around just cars. I know like the past three videos it's just been about cars and stuff. That's not the case.

This channel is all going to be about things that I'm passionate about. That's fitness. That is cars.

That is business. And kind of overall lifestyle. Just going out having fun with friends and stuff.

So that's going to be the content you're going to expect from this channel. And yeah. Hope you guys enjoyed today's video.

And really let me know if you tried this arm workout. Let me know if any tips and stuff that maybe I could try. Or if there's anything you got from this video.

Drop a comment below. And I'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.

Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye.

Bye bye. Bye. Bye bye bye.