Yo good morning YouTube yeah what's happening I just finished up my morning meditation and finishing up like my morning supplementation greens and stuff I head to tropical smoothie right now I don't normally eat breakfast every morning I normally do fast it I'm gonna take in a bunch of stuff and it's been killing me on a fasted stomach I want to try their peanut butter flatbread wrap and it's a vitamin C strawberry banana smoothie so it's about to be popping we get the morning started like hella caffeine just one good pool and a car that's somewhat fast because I know there's a lot of people like are you going fast but there's faster blah blah look you know what it's a good way to start the morning and yeah headed right now to tropical smoothie and I cannot wait now something just slipped my mind make sure you guys drop a like on this video for that quick little pool by the way and make sure you drop a comment which you've been enjoying with the vlogs again I'm taking it day by day I don't really know how much longer I can do this by just sitting in my room all day before you guys get bored so I may have to switch the vlogs over to just more like sit down and talk videos for a few minutes about specific topics related to like get what I'm passionate about cars fitness and business so that may come in one day of what we're doing um I can do more car videos too as long as you know we don't go like lockdown or anything like that uh maybe just be driving my car and talking to you guys like this and I feel like some of you guys would enjoy maybe seeing a few things related to like you know three things I love about my car a few things I hate about my car gas mileage insurance how much I paid for it so kind of the typical car videos when someone gets a new car so I could definitely do some more videos like that um I'm thinking about chopping some of the exhaust off so that could be a video right there so um but again I don't want to relate everything to just cars so I maybe split those videos up across a few weeks but I know that's something you guys enjoy too so we'll see we'll kind of mash it around and see how it goes hi thank you for choosing chocolate hello can I get the um the peanut butter banana crunch flatbread all right goods have been secured let's head back home and do some work hashtag entrepreneur hashtag motivation we got some food we are going to go ahead and jump right into editing yesterday's vlog real quick welcome to another unofficial official unboxing slash review I think this is where it's going to come down to I'm just going to order a bunch of shit on amazon and every day have an unboxing video I think this is how we're going to survive the quarantine and to get the videos flowing so let's check out what we got today today I got in like honestly I'm surprised how quickly it came in I'm right by Houston I live three hours away so maybe not completely surprised how quickly it came in but max chewing's new sour strips and I ordered a big ass bag to survive this quarantine so we can make some quarantine gains in the process so let's do a quick unboxing and we're going to taste test of his new green apple sour strips all right guys just a quick look in there and it smells like candy heaven there we go all right so we got the strawberry we got some blueberry some rainbow some mango some mango tastes amazing I really love that flavor I actually picked some up last time I went to Houston blue raspberry strawberry rainbow and more mango now under here this is where it gets good this right here is his new green apple sour strips now I feel like these are gonna be sour and right now the most sour ones are the blue raspberry then like the strawberry then I think these two are about equal about how sour they are but blue raspberry is definitely the most sour so I feel like these are gonna be the new winner so let's do a quick taste test sour apple the new flavor and let's give it a go let's see how amazing it is I feel like it'd be super good it doesn't hit you at first but the more you chew on it is where you really get that sour hit in the back of your mouth now let's do a blue raspberry comparison real quick because that was sour but I don't know I don't know if it has the blue raspberry hit though and trust me it's good flavor amazing flavor green apple he nailed it perfectly but is it the most sour one out of his five different flavors you got now blue raspberry hands down still the most flower sour flavor but I'll say just like a 10 for like the best or most sour this is like a nine and a half like it's just a very slight difference this would be like a 10 this would be a nine this would be like a seven then these two would be competing for six to be honest maybe like 5.5 six from like the least sour to the most sour and that's just my opinion but if you haven't picked up a set of these yet highly recommend it these are some amazing flavors good to see me check that out pack touchdown quick plug real quick pack touchdown pack touchdown woo got you set up dude we got original got to save a green for patch green green original and then boom boom boom boom boom he doesn't like how like the air hands you open them up and it's all like sticky he wanted to make sure it wasn't sticky it wasn't all stuck together and he wanted a resellable bag that's awesome dude because no one just eats a whole bag of sour chips at a time no one exactly you eat a whole pack you eat five six pieces save it yeah so it comes out pretty good it just dropped this week awesome green boom it's solid too isn't that good for real for real I got Ga! So if you don't know what we do over here at the shop, we do some high performance ceramic coatings for vehicles, which basically protects the vehicle's paint. We come there and polish out all the swirl marks, scratches, and everything like that before we apply it.

And then the ceramic coating we use is G-Technic. Protect your vehicle for five years. You don't have to latch your vehicle anymore.

It's twice as hard to scratch, and it helps with washing. Your washes are so much easier. And also too, it's a lot easier to clean your vehicle, even if it sticks to it.

So this is what we do over here, and we're actually going to head out now. I just want to come drop them off with candy. They absolutely love it.

And I'm going to help them take some pictures real quick of this client that just picked up his vehicle, take some pictures of that vehicle, and we'll see you back guys at the house. Stopped and picked up something for tomorrow's video. So I'm actually going to film that video to now, but upload in tomorrow's video.

So you guys will see what's up in that. I got some Chick-Fil-A Spice Deluxe Chicken Sandwich because you know what? If we're about to go on lockdown, I want to enjoy all the fast food I can before 14 days.

And I want to preserve my food resources. So that's why I'm digging into some delicious Chick-Fil-A in a few. Got to film tomorrow's video first.

So let's get started. Currently just working right now. It's been a few hours sipping on some water, sipping on some cotton candy 3D, which honestly has to be one of the most amazing cotton candy energy drinks I've ever tried.

Just finished up some Cajun Sud stuff, and now I'm about to crush some digital marketing activities. I'll pretty much just do like a 4 hour work block, and like have some small work sessions in that work block of 45 minutes on, 15 minute break, 45 minutes on, 15 minute break. And during that break I'll usually just kind of get up, use the bathroom, whatever I got to do, grab a 3D, maybe answer some text messages, and also read.

And I'll like change like a different spot to kind of relax my brain for a few minutes. Look who's here finally. Hi.

Show me your purple. Oh my hair. My purple.

Can you see it? I don't know. Yeah.

Little streaks of it. I'm making rational decisions. She just dyed her hair a little bit, so.

Work block finished. Good little 4 hour work block. About an hour of reading.

So, let's have to cook some steaks. That's how it goes. Y'all want a bite?

I think y'all all want a bite. I bet you can eat that steak first before her and him. This is the last taste tester of today.

Awesome. Okay, which one do you need it first? Green apple.

Okay. Green apple. That's the newest one.

Good? Yeah. Kind of good.

Blue raspberry is probably the most sour. I like that one better. You like that one better?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

And then strawberry. Strawberry is probably the best one in terms of just like a mutual sweet and sour. But still pretty good.

Very great. And that's it in today's video. And I'm going to do the green apple and the strawberry.

If you want to drop a like and comment if you enjoyed the video and if you haven't already, you should subscribe. And if you want to leave the subscribe button below and put the link. And go check out Max.

Everything he's doing. They're amazing. Um, it just so much so.

So just one video, please.