Ah, so you got in learning limited, or maybe you're in active or learning right now, and you're trying to figure out how to get to active. Well, today's video is going to be exactly like that. Learning limited, learning, you know, these scary things Facebook throws at you.

Today, we'll talk a little bit about that, my opinion on it. Short little video for you guys today, so sit back and relax. So look, learning limited, this basically happens when you have a particular ad set inside of your Facebook ad account that's not getting 50 conversions per week.

Now, conversion is simply whatever you're optimizing for, purchases, leads, book calls, I think it's probably the main things you guys are optimizing for. You should not be optimizing for how to cart, landing page views, or anything else if you want to make money, at least. So since 90% of my channel is e-commerce, I will talk about purchase objective.

So you need to hit 50 conversions per week, 50 purchases per week in that particular ad set to get into active, and you get out of learning limited. Now, learning limited just simply means when you don't hit those 50, and basically it's signaling to Facebook that, hey, we're just simply not spending enough to get enough data on this particular ad set, right? So we're going to send it into learning limited to where you can spend more, or B, you drop your CPA down to hit that 50 conversions a week with that particular ad set.

This is where I get a little like why I call it pretty much BS on this right here, right? So let's say I launch an ad set, and it's terrible, right? You know, maybe my target CPA is $50 or $15 or $20, and I'm getting a CPA three or four times that, right?

Target CPA $20. I'm getting a current CPA of $60 to $80, and it's learning limited because it's not hitting that 50 conversions in a week. So, you know, I would just technically turn it off because I have other ad sets that can beat it.

Now, if you don't have any other ad sets that can beat it, I would leave it on because it's your current best performing ad set. And that $80 or whatever CPA that's not ideal is currently smashing your others. So I'd look for other ad sets that can beat it.

Now, Facebook is basically saying, hey, just go spend more to get that $80 CPA ad set into active, and it'll improve performance. I just think that's such bullshit because in this perspective right here, it's basically just encouraging you to spend more at your shitty budget to blow more money, right? So you have shitty results.

Go throw more money on these shitty results. So you just go blow more money and have this light at the end of the tunnel of active just makes everything green again, right? You're getting a 1x robust.

You're trying to hit a 3x robust. All you got to do is get into active with that ad set, and you're good to go. That's complete false.

I have never seen that in my life. The only difference I've seen between learning limited and active may be a 5% to 10% improvement. Maybe I was getting $100 CPA with learning limited.

Now I'm getting like a $95 CPA with active. That is it. So first off, it's no huge jump.

You know, these angels don't come out of your ceiling and come like bless your ad account, and all of a sudden, boom, magically gets a 3x robust because I'm inactive now. Now, none of that happens, right? So just be clear on that, okay?

Second thing is your Facebook ads are learning every day. Every day, your Facebook ads are learning, and the algorithm is improving on a day-to-day basis, even if it's in learning limited. So that's also another thing.

So look, you have two options when you're learning limited. So, or maybe even potentially three. So, number one, if you're getting learning limited on an ad set, and you're using our structure where you're doing the one campaign CBO per business objective, and you launch a new ad set, it's getting some level of spin, not all the spin, but some level of spin.

But it's not enough to hit the 50 conversions a week, and it's not hitting the CPA. Well, look, I'll just turn that off. It's just a bad ad set.

It's a bad test you launched. It's not converting well. Now, let's say you're just simply just not spending that much overall in the grand scheme of things, okay?

So, you know, it's getting all the spin. It's hitting a lower CPA, but you're just simply not a large enough budget. You have two options.

Spend more and scale the account up to where you get 50 conversions a week. Or B, you can focus on finding new winning ads that have a lower CPA to where it hits 50 conversions a week with that particular campaign. Now, which one is right for you?

Do you just need to go increase budget, or should you go find new winning ads? That's when we look at, are we hitting our target CPA overall? All right.

You look at overall, Facebook ad spend or Shopify revenue divided by Facebook ad spend, and we're hitting our target ROAS or our target CPA that we can scale with. Now, all I simply have to do is if I'm hitting that, start scaling 20% a day, increase the budget, and you'll hit that 50 conversions a week, and you'll be fine. Now, let's say you do your Shopify revenue divided by your Facebook ad spend, and you're not hitting the target KPI you need.

Well, spending more is just going to burn a fatter hole in your wallet, and you're going to be crying on the comments that you're losing money with Facebook. So that does not make sense to hit the 50 conversions in a week. What does make sense is, hey, we're, you know, ex-ROAS right now, or ex-CPA, and all we simply need to do is go find new winning ads, new winning creatives that lower CPA to where we can then start scaling.

And as we scale, we'll hit that 50 conversions in a week. Now, this is why I do not, I literally do not give a f*** about learning, learning limited, or active, because at all times, I am trying to make more money. I'm always trying to make more money.

That's my one goal with every client we work on. I want to scale them to $1 million a month in net profit as fast as possible. All of our clients typically come in around $100 to $250K a month in revenue.

Even if you're at $10 a day right now, you still want to make more money. My goal is to scale their accounts to where I can make more money and the client can make more money. So I don't worry about learning, learning limited, or active, because I'm always trying to lower CPA and spend more money.

And as a byproduct of me doing those actions, I'll tend to have more ads get into active. But me sitting there and worrying about it does literally nothing for me, because I'm always doing the actions that get the desired result of active. So me worrying about it just takes more mental energy that takes my time and attention away from focusing on the main things, proving my ad creatives, proving my landing page, improving my product, proving my AOV, the main things that can help me scale.

And then I just kind of get, you know, oh, learning limited, you know, what should I do? Spending time on YouTube, searching it up, and it literally will do nothing for me. But if I focus on the actions and I focus on prioritizing those actions, then guess what happens?

As a byproduct of me being successful with these actions, I get that active that I want. So that's why I literally do not care about it. I do not worry about it.

I see it and I move on. I don't even see it half the time. It's literally nothing I even little worry about.

So I just hope that kind of gets you in the right mindset of how I look at things. I always want to be focusing on the highest priority actions that's going to make the biggest jump in people's businesses. And my goal every day is how do I worry about less?

What is one less thing I have to worry about I can stop worrying about? And what's one action I can put on a higher priority that knocks everything out the window? And that's what I like to do.

Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, I help brands scale from six figures to seven figures a month in revenue. I've done it for four brands now. Love to help you be the next one.

You know, if you're looking for me to mentor you on a monthly basis, click link below Nick Terrio Mentoring. And then if you want an intermediate to advanced Facebook ads, creative, you know, and like marketing psychology course, click link below Nick's Facebook ad course. Thank you all for watching.

Have a good rest of your day. Peace out.