Today we'll be going over a ad type specifically called unaware ads. Unaware ads for me have been the long story short greatest ads that we've been able to scale that has the most profitability and the largest market of people we can potentially scale to. So it's always made all of our clients significantly the most amount of money relative to the other ads.

And that's purely just because you're appealing to a larger percentage of the population versus something like an aware ad or a product aware ad. Now the downside of unaware ads are they're extremely hard to crack and they take a lot longer to actually produce versus other ads. Now in today's video I'm going to be basically giving you all my systems and my processes for unaware ads.

Kind of the approach I take to help you one cut down the time it takes to create an unaware ad but then also to increase your hit rate on unaware ads to essentially help you you know make more money at the end of the day. These are the ads that are behind a lot of our 30 40 50k a day Facebook ad clients and I'm going to show you these exact ads in today's video of how to actually create them and a few different processes around that. That being said let's dive into it.

So long story short a lot of amazing results that we've been able to achieve for variety of different clients over the years and as mentioned before unaware ads have been a big part of that. This is one of the first ever unaware ads right here that I've been able to crack. Now for this particular client right here we had scaled up to ten thousand dollars a day hitting like a forty dollar cost per lead and when I say scaled up to ten k a day that's not revenue that's ad spend.

So we scaled up to ten k a day of ad spend and we're hitting like a forty dollar cost per lead. Our target cost per lead was thirty five dollars. Then I knew that hey we're testing a ton of problemware ads.

We've kind of burnt out our audience. The frequency on the seven day window looks terrible that we need to essentially appeal to a larger demographic of people here. Now from there this is when I went ahead and essentially was like hey let's go and start deploying unaware ads because it's going to allow us to reach more people and the particular product or service that we're promoting in this particular client account is just more unaware relative to some of the other like services and stuff like that that we've marketed before.

So I knew we need to go up to an unaware market to help bring down cost per lead get more people in our funnel and also so we can spend more. So for this particular client right here we cracked an unaware ad allowing us go to fifteen thousand dollars a day in ad spend and not only did it go beyond our target of thirty five dollars but we were able to get all the way down to a twenty eight dollar cost per lead on this particular ad right here. So overall for the account actually did substantially better.

Once we cracked an unaware ad we were able to view like basically funnel in significantly more people into the business and stuff like that and we spent a total of four hundred and forty three thousand dollars on this ad. Now we actually did have to turn it off not due to performance but because of this particular industry we're advertising into a bunch of new legal stuff rolled out and like this tech this ad wasn't technically saying anything wrong but just new legal stuff came out and we had to turn it off to follow these new legal guidelines for this particular client right here. So that's literally the only reason why we turned it off and we actually launched a new version of this ad but let's just be real here the new version of the ad it's starting to gain spin it's starting to crush and everything but it just looks a lot more fucking amazing to see four hundred thousand dollars spent behind one video ad right there.

So obviously I don't want to show off the new ad that's exactly the same but only like a hundred K spent on it. So let's just dive into this a little bit. First off most people's ads they look like this maybe even like this where it's just like boom here's my product buy it now and like technically you're not wrong when you want to reach like an aware demographic right here but if you want to move your way all the way up to an unaware market you get substantially more people.

So you know some intermediate advertisers would go solution aware or problem aware which again gives you a lot more than like these lower level aware and product aware ads and stuff like that but like the top one percent elite advertisers the things they know you don't know is things like unaware ads specifically right here which again these are the hardest to sell to and they make the most money. Now when I say they're the hardest to sell to I specifically want to say that because you know we just have a substantially lower hit rate on these ads. They take a lot more time a lot more money to produce and stuff like that but when you crack them it creates a significant quantum leap in performance in your business and stuff so that's why people obsess over them.

Now I will typically for the most part only go into an unaware level once I already have all of these levels done first so I won't be very clear on that first I'm not just going straight to unaware day one I'm cracking all these levels and then going up to an unaware ad. Now we've already kind of talked about these are hard to sell to it also requires a higher level skill set like people who are just getting into Facebook ads they've never wrote a script before and stuff like that like you're just simply not ready for this. This is for more advanced advertisers and stuff who've already been writing a lot of ads and everything and now you want to kind of challenge your skill set to go to a higher degree and that's where essentially you want to go to an unaware ad right there.

As I already mentioned they take longer to make like I can create like 30 aware ads in like two hours. Unaware I can only create one or two of those every like four to five hours because I really take my time to be able to produce a good unaware ad right there. So it just essentially takes substantially more time than any other ads right there.

So you'll notice that like if you start getting your creative strategy your copywriter produce these unaware ads it's going to take more time like they're not going to be able to produce 40 unaware ads a week like say for example maybe you're already doing right now with aware ads like they might only be able to produce three or four unaware ads a week. So it just essentially takes significantly more time more money they're harder to make. So like this is not an entry level thing at all.

I think it took about two weeks to actually produce this one ad right here that we made. It's only a 60 second video to be fair but like it took about two weeks to actually get it perfect between the copywriter the actual video editor go stitch everything together and then like a couple revisions and stuff and then launch from there. So what makes an unaware ad different?

You know we got all these other stages so unaware problem where solution where product where aware what makes it different? Well let's start off with the things that you can't do at least in the beginning stages of an unaware ad. So unaware you can't call out a problem.

You know are you lonely? Is your Facebook ads performance bad? Do you have a headache?

Like things like that. You cannot call out a problem. You can't call out a desire.

How to get a girlfriend. How to I don't know how to make more money. Shit like that.

You cannot call out a solution. You can't call out dating apps or you know like you need mentoring to scale your Facebook ads. Things like that.

You can't call out a product. Hinge. You can't call out an offer.

Sign up today and get three months free. So you can't call out any of these things in the beginning of the ad. So you can talk about those things in the ad but you cannot write your headline to hit on any of these things right here.

That's the first thing. So what can you start an unaware ad with? So now that you understand what you can't say what are the kind of processes we follow to be able to still hit on a unaware ad or create an unaware ad?

So first things first is a big win. I screenshot at this one right here actually from I say screenshot. I pulled this up from Dr.

Squatch. Now to be fair here I'm not a fan of this unaware ad. I'm about to show this to y'all.

Let me pull up like this. I'm not a fan of this unaware ad right here. It starts off with a big win.

My man started using this. Now we're engaged. Okay big win.

Engagement. Marriage. Like that's a big win right there.

And again unaware ads are as related as relative to the product. So obviously we're already kind of hitting on this fact right here that this product is going to be pitched in this video. But to be fair when I'm creating my unaware ads I don't show product at all in the beginning.

So I would love like again I don't run Dr. Squatch's ads but I would love to test another version here where we remove this and only show this right here. Or even literally showing like a girl holding a ring up because now it's going to be like whoa what did they do?

Any nowhere ad. So I've been using the same deodorant. Now going into the problem.

Since I was in college and even though it only worked half the time and I smelled like used socks by the end of the day. What's the problem here? I've been using deodorant since college.

It's you know it just long story short it's terrible. I stuck with it because you know change is scary. Then my girlfriend showed me Dr.

Squatch natural deodorant. What's the solution? Not deodorant.

Natural deodorant. And holy sh** this stuff was life-changing. Just pit friends only natural ingredients like char.

Going against the bit like you know ingredients what's in it. Then the whole arrow root powder is postbiotics. Dr.

Squatch actually absorbs my sweat and keeps my pits fresh. Not only do I smell good all day but I'm not sweating through my favorite shirts anymore. You know sometimes change is good.

Amazing. Really good. So solid unaware ad.

The only thing I would say is for that hook right there is I would just literally test other visuals where I'm not showing the product in the first second or even relative to this. My man start using this now engage. Again phenomenal big win.

We're showing a big win against like a set group community of people and stuff. But what I would be looking at here is I'd be looking at changing this visual hook with again like literally guy proposing. Maybe a girl showing her ring off.

Maybe like a couple kissing. Those are the things that I would be kind of relatively showing off as a visual hook. I don't run Dr.

Squatch's ads but that's what I would be testing. Now next thing is a symptom. So you can't call out a problem but you can call out a symptom of the problem.

So let's go ahead and see how this is done here with another ad. All right let's just first start off here. If your dog pollocks or bites watch this.

So great great like call out right here of a symptom. What is the symptom if your dog's pollocking or biting? You don't know what the problem here is.

Like you don't know if like they literally have like their foot's about to fall off and they have some crazy infectious disease or just like hey they went walking the grass and the grass just kind of like tickle their feet a little bit. You don't know that. All right called out the symptom.

Now we're introducing the problem which is seasonal allergy. Causing them to scratch, pollock, and head shake uncontrollably. And yet their owners don't know how to help the problem at its core.

There we go. Hey they experience these seasonal allergies. Owners don't really know what to do.

The gut. You see when a dog's gut is imbalanced their immune system becomes hyperactive. Meaning that even the tiniest bit of pollen in the air.

Now just educating a little bit more on the problem. Not really why it happens but like how it happens. In other words an upset gut in your dog often leads to worsened seasonal allergies.

So now we're kind of hitting one like oh upset gut here. This is why I didn't even fix the dog. I now belong to a remarkable new probiotic chew.

Probiotic chew. We already kind of know here. So we kind of highlight the fact that they need to rebalance their gut like fix their gut and then all of these allergies are fixed.

Tuttled billions of good bacteria into a dog's gut. Helping to promote a normal functioning immune system and lower sensitivity to those allergens in the air. Since launching last year the chew.

Notice also too how we're not showing the product till almost 30 seconds in. Another big thing with unaware ads is that we intentionally don't want to show the product anywhere between 10 seconds to a minute in. Why?

Because it's an unaware ad. We got to go through the the big win symptom or the next one we're about to talk about. Then go into the problem.

Then go into the solution. Then go to the product. There's more things that need to happen before the product can be shown.

Because of this ads will typically be a lot longer for unaware ads. This is going to go against all typical guru advice of hey you need to show the product in the first second. That's completely false.

Not with an unaware ad. So yes I do want to show the product in the first second if I'm going after aware product aware or even solution aware. But if I'm going for more problem aware or unaware I'm not wanting to show the product right away because I have to go through these middle loops that people have before they're ready to be presented the product.

That shuttles billions of good bacteria into a dog's gut. Helping to promote a normal functioning immune system and lower sensitivity to those allergens in the air. Since launching last year the chews have been a massive hit.

Now we're kind of going to that product aware stage right now which is testimonials case studies all of those good things. Online with thousands reporting incredible results. So notice how we go unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware and then you'll see where on Trustpallet alone there are over 4,600 five-star reviews for the makers of the chew pet lab coat.

If you see your dog paw lick, itch or head shake definitely give them a try. There you go. And then aware just boom calls action here.

Cool. So that's symptom, right? Call it the symptom, diagnose with the problem, give them a solution, give them the product.

Boom. Bye now. All right.

Now we're going to go to the last one which is hidden fear. So you have big win, symptom, then hidden fear. Hidden fear is just technically something that like for example losing money.

Literally everyone watching this video right now like you fear losing money. Is it top of mind all the time? No.

But like any opportunity that like you could potentially lose some money that kind of sparks up and scares you a little bit. So here that's just one example of a hidden fear to be fair. Here we got a video from I think it's called Everdry's.

Yeah. Everdry's right here. The most embarrassing thing that's happened in my 60s.

All right. The most embarrassing thing that's happened in my 60s. We're calling out the product.

Are we calling out a solution? Are we calling out a promo? Are we calling out a problem?

No. Literally saying the most embarrassing thing that's happened in my 60s. Now literally everyone fears being embarrassed.

Like this is why a lot of people hate public speaking. It's why a lot of people hate like going to talk to strangers and stuff because it's like I don't know what to say and get embarrassed and stuff like that. So this the most embarrassing thing that's happened in my 60s.

We're just kind of starting off with like a peak like a hidden fear technically and then now she's going to tell some type of story here. We don't know what the most embarrassing thing that's happened in her 60s. So now I'm a little bit more curious to actually watch this video.

It actually happened a few months ago and I'm just now recovering from the embarrassment. Let's kind of build up a little more tension around this. This story is a little bit personal but I was in the fruit aisle picking out a few things for my famous apple pie.

Notice the relatability here of this story. Like grandma I say 60s it's not saying grandma but like you know typically in your 60s to 70s old like you're most likely gonna be a grandma or grandpa or something like that. So grandma going to the store she's making her apple pie she's grabbing some fruit and then what happens next?

When suddenly I sneezed. Now if you have incontinence you might know where this is going. Alright so I don't really technically like this a little bit because she says she sneezes and then she says if you have incontinence you know where this is going.

I would have preferred if it just said like I sneezed and then goes into what happened here. I had a full-on leak and it wasn't just a little whoopsie. I dropped the apple I was holding and ran to the restroom and as you can imagine my underwear were completely soaked.

So as she went to fear she went into the problem like I sneezed and like boom I don't really know the best way to say this but she used the restroom in her pants. Typically women of older ages struggle a bit with what's called incontinence. Incontinence just means it's harder to control your bladder muscles down there which technically will happen is when you do like violent actions like sneezing for example those muscles may release which you know.

And at the time I was wearing a panty liner but I it just couldn't hold the leak. While looking at the soggy mess I made I tried to decide if I should cry, laugh, or just hide until the store closed. Eventually I just threw the panties and the liner in the trash and waddled out of the store hoping nobody would notice my stained clothes.

But why am I sh- So personal story starts off with a hidden fear to get people in. Goes into- During this because that embarrassing accident taught me a valuable lesson. When it comes to incontinence having the right protection makes all the difference.

Those thin panty liners just don't get the job done. That's why I switched to Everdry's. Kind of highlighting the type of solution you need.

Like you can't just use panty liners you need something thicker for that. They look and feel just like real underwear but thanks to their ultra absorbent liner they simply don't leak. I've been wearing Everdry's for the past two months and they've been nothing short of life-changing.

I can finally go about my day with real confidence knowing that an embarrassing leak will never show through my clothes ever again. So product aware stage now really highlighting the product benefits specifically and like case. If you struggle with leaks like I do I highly recommend giving them a try.

And right now is the perfect time to do so because they're currently 50% off. Aware ad, aware now, calling out the offer. Which means you can get a five pack for only $59.95 while they're usually $24.95 a pair.

So get yours today at everdry's.com. Boom. Yep.

Solid ad. I like it. This ad actually only ran for 13 days but to be fair still the good hidden fear right there.

So let's move forward now. Now that y'all have seen technically like ads for all three ways to open up an unaware market. How do you actually create this?

So first things first for a big win. I like to do the benefit of the benefit. That's my way.

So like let's just take weight loss pills for example. Say I have some pills for weight loss. Well one of the ingredients in these weight loss pills is cayenne pepper extract which is like the dominant ingredient almost every weight loss pill on the marketplace because what does it do?

The performance is what the product does. It increases calorie burning which the benefit of that is that you lose weight. Now what is the benefit of the benefit?

If you lose weight what is the benefit of losing weight? Well there's a lot of benefits right? You know you can fit in your favorite clothes again.

You look more attractive. You feel more healthy. Like there's just tons of more benefits.

You have more energy like all of these things. So I took one which is look more attractive. So I look more attractive because I lost weight because I increased my calorie burning because I'm taking cayenne pepper extract.

So let's go into the next one now. If we take our base hook now because again we want to start off with the benefit of the benefit. I have my base hook which is look more attractive.

Then I just kind of spent some time riding out different hooks and I've picked this one. I feel sexier now than I did my 20s and I'll start at the moment I tried this. So now I have my hook.

We're calling out I feel sexier now than I did my 20s because I essentially want to hit on people who want to look more sexy. Yes want to look more sexy technically could be a desire but because it's completely unrelated to my product it makes it more unaware here. So here we're going to basically call out this big win or hidden fear or technically symptom.

Then we're going to go and diagnose them with a problem. Then we're going to introduce the solution and then boom boom boom so on. So unaware big win.

I feel sexier now than I did in my 20s and I'll start at the moment I tried this. Raising two kids has put a toll put a toll on my body adding on a couple extra pounds than I would like. So here we're kind of going after like more of like a bomb technically.

We're kind of going into the problem that just like yo child birth, raising these kids and stuff like that like it just really really put a toll on my body right added some extra pounds and stuff. I'm just not that happy anymore. I don't feel sexy things like that.

I want to lose weight or you know like you know now like the solution is to lose weight but like because you're a busy mom you can't spend a ton of time in the gym. So here's my product. Nick's amazing diet pills and then aware for the next 24 hours you get 50% off.

So I just plugged all of this into chat gpt and had it right in ad for me. So I feel sexier now than I did my 20s. When I slipped into a dress I love the way it hugs my curves.

When I catch my reflection in the mirror I actually smile and when my husband looks at me I see the spark in his eyes again. So I'm just kind of painting that picture right there of looking sexier than ever but it wasn't always like this. Raising two kids took a real toll on my body.

The weight crept on. My energy disappeared and I started hiding in baggy clothes. I didn't feel attractive anymore and it showed in my marriage.

I tried everything cutting carbs, endless cardio, strict male plans and nothing seemed to stick. That's when I found Nick's amazing diet pills. I used a blend of natural ingredients like cayenne pepper extract that usually increased calorie burning instead of feeling like I had to starve myself, my body and start working with me.

Then weeks the stubborn fat around my stomach started melting away. I didn't even have to live at the gym. I didn't have to assess over every bite.

The pills helped my body burn more calories on its own and for the first time in years the scales started moving in the right direction. The weight came off my confidence came back. My husband couldn't keep his hands off of me.

Right now for next 24 hours you can try them for 50% off. So this was solid. The only thing that I would have added on a little bit more is here and again this was just like me plugging into chat gpt and just popping it out and putting it in here but the only thing I would have applied a little bit more into here now that I see this is that I would have put on a little bit more that like hey like I really need to like lose weight and stuff just really kind of hitting on that weight loss factor right there but overall good.

Now I also want to show you all some other alternatives to big wins. So like one way I look at big wins is just simply looking at the benefit of the benefit but the other way I look at big wins is actually just go and study niches of people or groups of people. So like if I go on tick tock and search up crossfit and I just sit there and scroll through a bunch of crossfit reels I'll start to see like the big wins that people celebrate over and stuff like that and I'll start writing those things down.

If I go and like search entrepreneur for example on youtube I'll probably watch a bunch of videos of people like nice houses driving nice cars all those good things. I might even see some videos around like entrepreneurs buying lamborghinis and stuff. I'll start to see and also big wins from what people say but also too based off what people are like saying in the comments and then also too just kind of like the visuals and stuff like that people are using.

I can do this exactly the same thing too as well going on reddit so tick tock youtube and reddit those are my favorite places to go to and then I can also search these things up on social media to make sure it's a win. So like if I go and like I see a bunch of like entrepreneurs buying lamborghinis or like having lamborghinis and searching up like buying a lamborghini or something like that you know I'll see like all right there's tons of videos with a lot of views around this. In the running space like it's pretty well known like even to just like amateur people that running a four-minute mall is just like you know world record type things.

Now let me be clear here too so these things have mass appeal where like if I go and do like shopify store to a hundred million dollars that's a huge win right there like if you exit your shopify store for a hundred million dollars or an econ brand for a hundred million dollars like phenomenal if you scale to a hundred million dollars phenomenal but there's not much views around this whereas if like if I go and search how to make a hundred dollars today with drop shipping there's tons of views with a ton or a ton of videos with a ton of views on how to make hundred dollars they would drop shipping. Why? Because there's a larger market for it.

So big wins will also have certain levels of what's called TAM total addressable markets right there sizes for each of these big wins. So sometimes you could have an unaware ad for a big win but because the big win you call out is so small what will essentially happen is like it just doesn't do nearly as good as like some of your other ads that are more proctored and aware. So you have to be cognizant right there around some of these big wins that you specifically call out.

So now we're going to move over into a symptom which the symptom is basically we're going to diagnose people with a problem. My favorite analogy for a symptom unaware market is like when you go to the doctor's office and it's like hey I got my I got a sore throat but I have no clue why. You go to the doctor's office to examine your throat and then they diagnose you with a problem then they give you a solution which is like a shot antibiotics or something like that for that problem you were diagnosed with due to the symptom of a sore throat.

So same thing here so I started off with a dog dental powder like this specific dog dental powder I selected one of the ingredients is brown algae and basically I just looked at the performance which is what does brown algae basically do basically it inhibits bad bacteria in the mouth. Now from here I looked at like all right so why would you want to inhibit bacteria like what's the what causes like what's the problem if bad bacteria grows in the mouth you'll get plaque build up then I'm like all right cool well how do you know if you have plaque build up and it was like boom you have bad breath so you've got but if you have bad breath and this is specifically for dog dental powder so if you have bad breath what's going to happen is that's likely a result due to plaque build up and the best ways to consume brown algae that would inhibit the bad bacteria in the mouth giving you your your dog fresh breath so that was like my thought process around that for how I structured that together. Now the next thing here we're going to start off with our symptom right so symptom is bad breath base soak does your dog have bad breath or like dog has bad breath so the final hook spent some time riding if your dog has bad breath this could be the most important thing you'll ever watch okay just calling out the symptom and then just highlighting the fact that like you know this is a situation to watch here here I put my symptom then I did the problem which is plaque build up then I did the solution which is brown algae to remove bad bacteria product and extensile powder for dogs aware and then here I just plugged all this in chat GPT and let chat GPT go away at it if your dog has bad breath it's the most important thing you'll ever watch because bad breath isn't just a smell problem it's one of the first signs of dangerous plaque build up on your dog's teeth left untreated that plaque hardens into tartar leads to gum disease painful infections and even expensive vet bills so we went from symptom to problem and then just like you really need to give a fuck about this problem but now here's a simple way to fight back Nick's dental powder for dogs uses a natural ingredient brown algae that works inside your dog's mouth to inhibit harmful bacteria and help break down stubborn black and tartar just sprinkle on their food and once a day you'll notice fresher breath healthier guns and a happier pup and for the next 72 hours you can get for 50% off again really good it goes through that full flow and everything um I would spend a little bit more time on this part right here honestly I'd probably just make this whole video a bit longer this is probably about a 30 to 45 second ad I'd probably make this like 90 seconds to two minutes just so I can really go on each point because part of an unaware ad is also to making people believe that their dog has this issue that they need to go get sorted out so this is pretty much our flow right here we didn't do big winner hidden fear actually did symptom so we did a symptom we diagnosed her problem we introduced solution went to that product to our station then went to the offer stage something else I want to hit on here is that different symptoms have different market sizes so for example here dog licking paw has substantially more search volume than dog itching ear that means there's more people that has the issue of the dog licking paw than itching ear both of these are signs seasonal allergies within the dog and it's also cool because you'll see dog licking paw will have various different times of the year where it increases and decreases in size that's also going to increase and decrease facebook ad performance because there's just substantially more people searching at different times of the year where it's a lot more urgent of an issue uh versus other times of the year whereas dog itching ear it's pretty stable throughout the year but also has way less search volume actually it has one third of the search volume one half to one third of the search volume technically compared to uh dog licking paw so this is just important to understand because different symptoms you go after if you go after a symptom that's extremely like just no one searching for it again your unaware ad will not work if you go after a symptom that everyone has and everyone can't find like figure out what the fuck this is it's gonna have substantially more in terms of that right there so just a little heads up on that now we're gonna move to hidden fear and again hidden fear is just like things that everyone naturally shares like everyone naturally is scared of losing money everyone's naturally scared of like dying right disease right disease is linked to like death in the sense of like hidden fears embarrassment getting cheated on like almost every person's hidden fear in a relationship is getting cheated on uh if we go more specific to like shopify store owners ecom space like everyone's scared of chargebacks everyone who runs facebook ads is just scared of just randomly getting their facebook account shutting down especially too like if you're starting to scale and stuff like that so all these are hidden fears and the best way to technically find hidden fears is just spending a lot of time on research and consuming content on a niche to see what that mass market is afraid of happening and we'll get to that in a second of what that looks like there so here i just pretended that like i have some magical product called facebook ad account insurance and what does this do it protects people from bans what is the problem does it solve ad account bans benefit if you're hit by a random band this will uh keep your account up and running um and in the hidden fear i'm going out there it's just a random ad account band without warning so here i plugged all that into chat gpt advertisers in are in panic after learning what meta uses a shutdown ad accounts without warning all right so again typically this is like a general hidden fear across this niche right here in fact 90 are reportedly making this one common mistake right now notice how i really turned that like curiosity factor like holy shit like meta just revealed what they're doing to shut down accounts without warning and over 90 of advertisers are making this mistake like i have to be part or or i probably have a good probability of being a part of this and the worst part you won't even know what's happening until your account is gone one day you're scaling campaigns the next your entire business is frozen so it's kind of going to the problem now for years most advertisers believed that account bands are random they thought it was bad luck an algorithm glitch or maybe just overspending but now but new evidence reveals something much more censored metas tracking a hidden set of triggers behind the scenes and here's the scary truth these triggers have nothing to do with your ad quality and everything to do with small signals most advertisers completely overlook all right so now we're kind of going over into the thing which is small signals that's why even seasoned seasoned media buyers people uh people spending those a year are suddenly getting wiped off the platform overnight but the good news once you know what these triggers are avoiding them is surprisingly simple the promise metal will never tell you what they are all right so notice how i'm not introducing the solution here i just wanted to show y'all a different way to go about unaware ads where you spend time a lot deeper of a time on you know this hidden fear and then the problem but then i'm alluding to the fact that all you need to know is these these triggers right and then what i could do is i could send people here to a vsl i could send people to an advertorial or even like a listicle saying the five triggers facebook uses to ban your account without warning and then boom one two three four five uh so there's a couple different pages i could send traffic to and this could still technically be a video right here but yeah so that's hidden fear and i just also want to show you all something here like i go for i look up through hidden fears by just looking at social media right so if i go consume enough content we already talked about big wins but while i'm looking at big wins i can also see inverses too as well so what are the hidden fears in crossfit right like i think everyone's hidden fear of doing crossfit is like randomly popping a shoulder out of socket or just injuries like there's just a natural belief that like crossfit you have a high amount of injuries and stuff like that so injuries would probably be high right there for um crossfit technically what is the hidden fear of being an entrepreneur right it's placing a huge bet on yourself to quit school and go out on your own do your own thing but a hidden fear is like you know losing it all and then like having to get a nine to five and the nine to five is not even really the hidden fear it's the hidden fear of like the embarrassment by all your family and friends basically just saying like hey you know you failed basically or laughing at you because you failed and stuff like that that's the real hidden fear right there facebook ads we just called which is getting your account randomly banned or losing your advertising access and stuff like that a lot of different hidden fears that you can just kind of start to see inside of that uh side of there now again all we're doing is just creating these um like scripts we talked about today into video ads so i've already kind of went over a few but i'll just kind of go over one more real quick i recently had to put my labrador down and here's the most important thing i learned all right wow that was a powerful hook let me just kind of go back through this one more time if you can give your dog is probably all right so first off right here not only are we calling out if your dog is slowing down even a little watch this we're calling out a symptom they're also calling out a hidden fear right here let's put my labrador down and here's the most important thing i learned i just recently had to put my dog down and here's the most important thing i learned hidden fear everyone who has a dog like your hidden fears like the day your dog dies and like or you have to put them down or something like that like there's just a ton of like heartbreak around that that you just like dread you know it's gonna happen one day but it's like it's just a hidden fear right now the biggest gift you can give your dog is proactively fortifying their joints early on in their life all right or you know kind of going into everything we already kind of talked about how this works but long story short this script right here would be what the person says and it would you know mash up a bunch of like b-roll and stuff on top of that right there so that's basically how that works now i do want to talk about landing pages real quick because not all the time will we use a landing page but i do like using landing pages and let me actually duplicate this as well right here because this will be both right so we'll do a video ad like if we're going after an unaware market we'll do a couple different things we'll do let me actually duplicate this as well photo ad with really long primary text all right so this is like a kind of like a technically a couple different ways you can go about unaware ad more from like the actual executions perspective so you could do like a really long i say really long anywhere between 30 seconds to you know an hour long right but typically it's gonna be like 30 seconds to about two to three minutes unaware video ad to a product page i've seen success with that um something recently i'm also been seeing really good success with is a photo ad where the photo does really good job at catching attention and then we're just doing a really long primary text and then sending people to a product page i've seen success with that i've also seen people do a photo ad to a landing page uh that landing page being an advertorial or a vsl and it will send people to a product page i've seen success with that i've also seen success with a video ad to a landing page um so like the video ad will be 30 seconds to two minutes long and in the landing page will be an advertorial literally going over the exact same things in that video ad but we just make the script longer so the two minutes long it'd be like 10 minutes long and it'd be like a five to ten minute long read right there um to a product page right there so i just want to give you an example right there so here's like a video right here to an advertorial then to a product page right here uh here's another example right here where they do a photo ad to a uh i have toro right here then to a product page right there so like i would essentially test all four of these and just see which one works best for you before you go into you know like just saying hey unaware ads don't work for me i am more bullish on these two first to test various different like ways to open up an unaware market before you decide to go ahead into like these because the landing page or the advertorial just increases the conversion rate so just makes them more profitable but i first like to try to test uh unaware ads with this first now how do you actually launch these into the facebook ad account obviously number one write your script which is this right here write your script here hire ugc or do ai voiceover b-roll for me it just depends on what the script is some scripts we have all the footage already so we can just do an ai voiceover b-roll some scripts you know we just don't have the content so we need to go hire a utc creator it just depends if we have the content or not now next thing is i like to get three videos back from my video editor it's going to be like literally all are going to be the same exact script but each video is going to be a different uh hook so our visual hook so all three of these videos are exactly the same but the visual hook is different the text hook is the same the girl's the same the visual hook is the only thing different but the rest of the video is identical to each other so here's another example we're using a different visual hook here's another example another visual hook all of the visual hooks are different but the text hook is the same the girls the same the whole voiceovers the same the rest of the video is identical to each other.

That way we get one concept and then one script and then just three different visual hooks to try to correct that. Then we're just gonna go inside of our CBO campaign that we already use, that we already scale. I do one CBO, purpose is objective.

I don't launch creatives in a new CBO every time that I will need to launch new creatives. I just put everything in there. Then I add in the creatives into that ad set.

So create my new ad set. I launch my new ads. Here I have six ads.

To be fair, this is like an aware ad right here. I launched for this particular campaign. But typically for unaware ads, just any ads, typically it's three ads starting off and then I'll create more down the line.

But I'm launching in, generally speaking, three ads and then I'm creating a new ad set if I wanna do some iterations or variations on it where I'll create anywhere between three to 40 on that. So now here, I'm gonna run that for seven days. If it gains majority spin and lowers overall CPA for that campaign within the first 24 to 48 hours, awesome, you won.

Keep scaling that motherfucker up. If it gains majority spin and hurts overall CPA for the campaign, so like you launch an unaware ad, it takes overall spin, but everything is horrible, then I'm basically gonna turn that off and I'm just gonna sit there and come up with a few different ideas that I can do to tweak that video or photo or landing page, whatever, to improve it and then go ahead and relaunch it. Now, if it doesn't gain any spin at all, like only spends a couple dollars a day, basically what you're calling out in the beginning, text hook, for example, the text hook right here, this whole visual hook, like the first five, six seconds of this video, basically, if it doesn't gain any spin, all of that collectively together, you're basically just highlighting something that people do not give a fuck about.

If people don't give a fuck about it, they're not gonna engage with it. If they don't engage with it, Facebook's not gonna spin on it. Very, very simple to understand.

Now here, step seven, if you're crushing it, you're doing good, scale budget, I increase by 20% a day based off yesterday's performance or if Facebook's very volatile, I'll look at the last three-day average or even seven-day average just to see which one's more consistent right there and I'll just keep scaling by that from there. Now, just a couple last words real quick. As mentioned before, underwear ads are extremely difficult.

They're hard to crack. They take a lot of time, a lot more energy, a lot more effort versus your other ads but again, they provide substantially more scalability relative to the other ads you can launch inside of an ad account. We're gonna test these just like any other ads.

They don't have any special criteria. They don't need a different campaign or anything like that. They're all gonna go in the same campaign.

You will have a lower hit rate but it will pay off when you crack it. So again, let's say one of every 10 ads we launch and they work, underwear ads may be like one every 20, one every 30, maybe even one every 50 that you crack right there just because they technically have a lower hit rate. Now, next thing is that underwear ads can also to have a market sophistication applied to it, right?

Typically, I see it as stage one and stage two. So like we've already seen, you know, hundreds and hundreds of people use the buying my first Lamborghini. Then after they buy the car, they go into pitching their course and stuff like that.

Like that's a great example of a big win underwear market. But now it's like, this has been done so many times. Now, really the only stories that really take off and get views is when it's like something crazy like this, like 16 year old kid buys $300,000 Lamborghini STO, right?

Or for example, I just saw someone, is this guy named Vince. He does like personal training or some shit like that. And like he has a couple million followers on IG and he just bought a Lamborghini, like Veno, V-E-N-O, I forgot the name of it.

It's like a $3 million Lamborghini, right? And he's like one of the youngest persons ever. I think he's like 22, 23.

He just bought this particular Lamborghini itself. And it's a $3 million Lamborghini. That story just went crazy viral because it's super like, like people haven't seen that before.

People have seen this so many times. And now they're starting to see this pretty often now to where like this doesn't even do crazy work. So now like it had to be pushed and exaggerated even further right there to get views and stuff.

So same thing there. If you go after big wins or hidden fears or symptoms that everyone's already fucking ran through, then like you're really going to have to go to that market sophistication stage where it's like, we're really going to have to exaggerate this and make this crazy to get people to actually watch this content right there. Now, last other couple of things.

There'll be some clients we start off with unaware ads. There'll be some times where we test unaware ads last. There'll be some markets we don't even test unaware ads.

There'll be other markets all I use is unaware ads. Long story short, the market awareness around the product will be purely dependent on what I test, right? Like if I'm selling t-shirts, for example, I'm not going to go after an unaware market for t-shirts, right?

Because like, boom, I need a new t-shirt. I'm going to the store and buy it. Like people are already super solution aware for a t-shirt, right?

I don't want to convince someone to go after. Yes, it's a larger market to convince someone to buy our t-shirts, but there's already a large enough solution aware market for that. So some markets, the solution aware market will already be so big.

It'll already have such a large tam that like, I just don't even need to go to an unaware market. And also too, like we already know it's more expensive to convince someone to buy, like to convince someone to have a problem than convince someone they need this solution. So like for me to convince someone they have a problem, then convince someone they need our solution, which is our t-shirt that's $25.

There's just simply not going to be enough margin in that that's going to convert. So typically unaware ads, it's like, I've seen unaware ads crush for products that are $40, $50. But for the most part, like the higher ticket, the better for underwear ads is it just gives us more room since we already know we're going after a more expensive audience, which technically is not more expensive.

It's just, again, we're convincing people they have a problem. They're convincing people they need a solution and then they need to buy now. So like it's just a lot more middle loops, which takes a lot more energy and stuff like that, money and all those good things.

So more expensive products typically work better for that. Lastly, like I said, some markets, I don't even touch unaware ads. So a t-shirt example, which I think I was already just covering.

But then the other example is like we have this insurance client where like we, it's such and so niched insurance that like no one even knows they need this insurance. So we have to start off with hidden fears of people losing a ton of fucking money just randomly out the gate, completely accidental and like just boom, ton of money lost to hit that hidden fear then go on the problem of that, you know, they're basically not protected by this one weird insurance and then from there inputting our insurance right there, basically for that. So again, that's kind of like, hey, where I go with unaware ads and stuff.

So again, a lot of it comes down to research and all those things. And lastly, just the type of product we're leveraging and stuff. So, but yeah, this is unaware ads.

Hope you guys enjoyed this training. Hit the like button below if you enjoyed this video. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday if you enjoyed this video.

And if you want me to basically go and do one-on-one calls with you, review your ad account and give you tailored feedback specifically to your business to help you scale. Click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. And if you are doing over 100K a month but you're like, hey Nick, I just want someone to run my Facebook ads, then click click below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads.

We'll offer a one-on-one call together, go over your account and give you the next steps of what you should take to help you scale further from there doing it with us. So thank you for watching. Hope you have the rest of your day.

Peace out.