Everyone needs to prepare for the Black Friday performance drop. Yes, Facebook performance will be dropping this month and you need to be prepared or you will be blindsided and kind of questioning your life. What's going on guys?

Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio. Today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

We'll be kind of talking about some key dates you need to remember for Black Friday in November because there will be some periods of time this month with really terrible performance. I'm not going to lie. And I want to make sure you're prepared so that way when you're going into this month you're not questioning what's going on, Nick?

What's happening? What's Facebook doing? But it's actually completely normal and it's purely based off consumer psychology.

If you're new to the channel, I run a e-com growth agency and we manage anywhere from 750k to a million dollars a month in ad spend. And we help brands go from 100k a month to seven figures a month in revenue. Make sure to click the link below to book a free strategy call with me and we'll see what you need to do in your brand to be able to help your business scale.

That being said, I also don't have any courses or anything like that for sale. This channel is fully transparent and honest with you guys so that way you can eventually get to the point one day where you will have the opportunity to work with me. With that being said, let's dive into the video.

So in November, there's a key date you need to remember. So first off, starting November 1st, depending on where you're at, specifically in the USA, Halloween is really big and Halloween is October 31st. And pretty much from like October 24th, 5th, all the way through October 31st, people run a lot of big sales and promos before, you know, kind of like a Halloween offer.

Outside of the USA, it's kind of a hit or miss, depending on what Halloween looks like for your country. Now, with that being said, what typically happens is we will see a small decline in performance the first two or three days in November because people are on a buyer hangover. Okay.

Now, the 4th through the 10th of November is typically kind of normal. Now, from the 10th all the way up to the 24th, the day before Black Friday, it is not that great. Okay.

I will knock, I mean, I'm not going to lie to you. Okay. From the 10th to about the 24th, that's about 14 days, roughly two weeks.

Performance takes a dip. Okay. And it drops pretty far.

You know, you won't see an immediate impact on the 10th, but it's a steady just decrease from the 10th all the way to the 24th, where literally like the 22nd through 24th, it is crickets from Facebook ads. Okay. Now, don't be alarmed.

Okay. This is completely normal. And here is why consumers are starting to save money because Black Friday is coming up.

And because Black Friday is coming up, they don't want to blow their money when they can get a better offer on Black Friday. So why spend my money now when I can save potentially 50% off, 30% off on Black Friday? That's the first thing you have to remember from a consumer psychology perspective.

Okay. Now I don't really recommend pulling back ad spend at this time. And here's why.

As you're still advertising to all of these people, you're also reaching new people and you're turning people into from like cold to your brand to now warm to your brand. And because they're warm to your brand. Now you're building up your audiences of potential people that you can reach and push your offer to on Black Friday.

I have an approach where I run on the 10th through the 24th, where I hammer list building in terms of running Legion ads to acquire a ton of emails to let people know about our Black Friday event. And it works amazing. We spent $5,000 last year for one brand, or actually $8,000 last year for one brand.

And we made back $89,000 in one day from that list. Okay. So with that being said, that works really well for us.

Now, not everyone has that opportunity to be able to spend money without seeing a profit until two weeks later. So you do need to be inclined with like be informed about that. You will be spending with the goal of making this money back on Black Friday.

If you're spending and you can't afford to spend at a loss for 14 days, then that's going to, you know, very dependent on your current financial goals. Now, with that being said, though, the 10th through the 24th, slow performance in the 25th, things pick back up. Okay.

Things pick back up. Black Friday through Cyber Monday performance is great. Hit as hard as you possibly can.

Okay. This is where you want to spend a large portion of your budget. Okay.

Now, after Cyber Monday, you will have the Tuesday after Cyber Monday, which is a slow period of time. And again, from the Tuesday after Cyber Monday up until the Monday, which is roughly like December 5th, 6th or 7th, something like that. It's going to be another dead period of time.

Why? Because a ton of people just purchased for Black Friday and they just blew a bunch of money. It's a dead period of time for a little bit.

Then pretty much from like December 5th, 6th or 7th, all the way up until like your shipping cutoff of get it before Christmas. You can scale really hard. Okay.

Now I know you're like Nick. Wow. That's not a lot of time to do good.

And quite frankly, it really isn't. But it's a time to scale as hard as possible. For example, one of our accounts that we managed to believe that's roughly a hundred K a month and November and December last year, they did 300 K each one of those months.

This year, they're projecting like 500 K to 800 K each one of those months. And we're going to be pushing as hard as possible because yes, it's a shorter period of time, but you have to be aggressive with scaling. And I'm talking about literally where we're spending and, you know, we're breaking all the rules at Facebook of 20% every few days or every day, um, based off last three days of performance to like, literally like, Hey, today we're starting today off at a three extra hours and that's what we need.

Cool. We're going to double the budget and every few hours, my double budget again. So there is different rules and there is a time to break the ad account and that perspective right there.

But you have to at least know what you're doing in that perspective. But I just want to make sure you're sure you guys are aware of these dates. And again, after your shipping cut off in December before Christmas, then you will see some okay performance up until Christmas, a dead period of time.

And then your new year's offer will be good again. Okay. Again, this is all based on consumer psychology.

So basically what your goal is, is you want to find the rental slow periods of time. You want to find a new baseline. So if you typically do a three X return on ad spend overall, then you want to look at the and look deeper into your ad account.

Like, okay, cool. We're doing like a two X now. So let's just use a two X as a new goal for now until we get back to those days.

We're going to scale hard again. So I hope this guys prepare this for you. If your brand that should prepare you for that, if you're an agency owner, make sure you talk to your clients and prepare them now, because quite frankly, I didn't do that years ago.

And now I've been telling all my clients this week about these dates so that they, they're where already in that way, you know, they don't freak out when it happens. If you are a brand to 150 to a hundred K a month, make sure you click the link below to book a free strategy call with me. We'll dive into your account and see, you know, what's the roadblocks that's preventing you from scale.

And again, we out brand scale to seven figures a month, click the link below, book call me, my team, please for free. And we'll dive into your accounts. And again, if you're not doing that subscribe to this channel, hit that like button, drop a below why you like this video, because I don't have anything else to sell you.

You know, I give everything fully transparent for you guys, no courses or anything like that. So that way you can take this scale, your business and one day be able to work with me and my team. Thank you guys so much for watching.

Again, my name is Nick Therrio. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.