Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Therrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys talking about content and how it's the new digital currency for e-commerce brands and how to better utilize influencers and use them like you've never used them before.

After watching this video, you have a better understanding of how to effectively use influencers, get an way higher return on your ad spend inside of your ads as long as you use a specific strategy right here and hopefully bring some better insight of influencer marketing, the best way to kind of push it with your e-commerce brand. Before we get started, make sure you hit this like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's get started guys.

Okay. So I haven't really touched on influencer marketing in a while. It's something that I believe very hardly.

It's just as powerful as Facebook ads. In fact, I think influencer marketing is actually more effective than Facebook ads, but a little slower to scale. And I'm explaining reason why in another video, but influencer marketing is extremely powerful.

And I think it's something that every brand should start spending money on before they start spending money on Facebook ads. So if you're starting out, this is the perfect video for you. If you're doing under 25K a month, great video.

If you're making money on Facebook ads, this is a great video as well for you to start running influencer marketing campaigns in the background. So step number one, why we use influencer or topic number one is why we use influencer marketing is because influencer marketing allows you to have a stream of consistent content for your brand and content is the new digital currency. So you have a creative team, you got to pay it on a monthly basis.

Then you have to send them the product over and they have to shoot it with content and everything chart. And you know, you have to pay, pay them on payroll and everything, but an influencer, you don't have to pay them at all. You can send them a piece of a piece of your clothing.

So, or your e-commerce product, whatever it may be. I've worked with a variety of different niches. So I'm not just in clothing, but so for example, we have a beauty brand that's about to launch a really great product and we're sending it to all kinds of influencers and stuff.

So that way they can build up a lot of hype with the product, gives a lot of content, and we can utilize that for our marketing campaigns. So influencer, you know, we'll go after influencers between 10 to 50,000 followers. The first thing we do is judge them on the type of content they're creating.

If it isn't relevant to our ideal audience, we want to make sure the content is it feeds our ideal audience. They love our ideal audience, loves their content. They have really good engagement, really good quality content on their stuff.

That's the people are going to look for 10 to 50,000 followers, because with this, we can lead with, Hey, love your content. I would love to send you over a t-shirt. I would love to send you over this iPhone case.

And would you simply take a photo with it and post on your story? So you're starting off the conversation with an exchange of value of, Hey, love your stuff. Here's our product.

We'd love to send it to you for free. Just simply take a photo with it. And you're framing it instead of leading with, Hey, I'll pay 300 bucks to post it.

You're framing with just, here's our product for free. Some people literally try to charge people for their product, which I think is completely messed up, especially if you're trying to use them as an influencer. So lead the conversation.

It'll cost you 20 bucks for your product and that's it. And you get amazing piece of content. You have to have to be clear with them exactly what you want.

You can even send them over a Google doc. You can make like a little template and send it over to every influencer of exactly how you want the content done, taken this way, you know, in this type of lighting and wearing it, et cetera. So that way you can make sure it fits the guidelines that you're looking for.

So this influencer will go out there, create the content, everything, and that's be a really great, valuable piece for your brand in terms of content. And you can post this on your Instagrams. You can post this and use this in your advertising campaigns.

And when you have an influencer talking about your advertising or talking about your product, you put that in influencer camp, put that in advertising campaigns and your CTRs are likely a lot higher. You need cost per outbound clicks a lot lower. They're really engaging, great creatives that utilize better robust and stuff on your products.

So something worth checking out, you can reach them by DM and you can also email them. Make sure you use your branded email branded Instagram. So that way you can make sure that they recognize who you are and not just some random Joe Blow email them.

Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Like I said, quick to start video, just kind of diving into influencer marketing and why you need to use it. Cause it's probably the most powerful content strategy that people are not utilizing.

Leverage smaller influencers. Don't be trying to go up there a million followers. Influencers are going to charge you a thousand dollars for a post.

You'll probably have to DM about a hundred of them before you get 10 of them respond and 10 of them that'll actually do it. So be prepared to work your numbers, build out the system of how to do it, and hire a VA to automate that whole process for you. If you are a Shopify owner and you want to dig into influencer marketing and need an agency that can do it, click the link below, book a call with us.

We can kind of help out. We do Facebook ads and influencer marketing, combine those two together. If you liked this video, hit that like button.

If you're new to the channel, hit that subscribe button and post new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, similar to this one. Well guys, my name is Nick Terrio. Hope you have a great day.

Talk to you guys later. Peace.