I'm getting a lot of requests lately to do another live creative analysis through an ad account that's already been running ads. Recently, I launched a free lead magnet for my personal ad account and tested a few different ads and had some very different results with these creatives. And I want to actually go ahead, log into the account and show you guys these different creatives, why some of them worked really well, why some of them didn't.

And since it's my account, I don't have to worry about any of my clients and stuff like that. You know, revealing any of their privacy or anything like that. So it's also pretty cool about this.

So that being said, let's dive in today's video. We're going to do some creative analysis based off a few different winning ads. So we ran this over, I want to say the last like 30 days, basically just a free lead magnet.

If you guys already seen this on the channel already, the 90 creatives already give it to you guys free on the channel. But I wanted to bring it to Facebook and actually put some Facebook ad spin behind it. And over the last 30 days, we were able to, you know, do some decent results.

Let's actually do maximum right there. And yeah, so let's kind of dive into this. I test about seven different ads.

I just follow my same structure when I launch a campaign for the first time ever, like for a new offer. I just create like a couple different angles and then I just let those roll. One of the first angles that worked really well for me on this one.

And also keep in mind, I'm optimizing for cost per leads. And one of the first angles that worked really well for me, it was actually super simple. Since I'm giving away a document that goes over all the different creatives that you can run.

I just did something simple. I literally did a headline, like a short piece of body copy, a headline. And then I just showed people literally what they want, which is a step-by-step system for, you know, finding like new winning ads and stuff.

And I just show people the document like this very easy. And this actually did fairly well, about a $4.10 cost per lead, which I'm cool with that because, you know, there's some background offers and stuff like that. I'm running to these people and that's where I'm making my money from between my agency, my course, and my inner circle.

I'm using these to build up my email list and then I'm upselling these people, which I'm not going to get into those numbers. I'm just going to go over what you see in the ad account itself. Now, next angle I did for this particular account right here, I was going after kind of exactly why we created this particular document, which was when we sign a new client, one of the most difficult things is pumping out enough creative tests in the first 30 days to find a winner as fast as possible.

Because if we don't find a winning ad in the first 30 days working with a new client, guess what? Our chances of renewing that contract is done. And it's happened a lot for us.

So, you know, it's some clients we can crush throughout the gate, some clients we struggle with in those first 30 days and it takes a bit more about 30 to 60 days for those. So what can we do right there to help find more? And it's kind of going over those 90 creative tests.

So based off why I created that, I wouldn't create an angle specifically targeting agency owners and talking about that particular problem right there. And this did pretty well. Again, it's also going to attract a very different audience, right?

This is going to go after agency owners. And you'll see some of the other ones next that go after more of like Shopify store owners. And yeah, I just I filmed this literally as I was in the cigar lounge.

It was pretty quick. I basically just say, hey, if you're an agency owner, I'm sure you've gone through this problem before. So, you know, calling out agency owners, calling out more of the problem aware and everything like that, going into the problem itself and then introducing that solution, which is that 90 high confidence test that they should run right there.

And then I also showcase what that looks like. You know, me showing the product is me like showing the document, right? So like if you're e-com, the document would be the product versus, you know, like how I'm showing it in here.

Now, this one did pretty decent. It's actually a little bit higher, about $4.40 cost per lead. Again, because it's going after agency owners.

I'm also like I'm going after very specific people. And there's not like a I mean, there is a ton of agency owners, but willing to accept a little bit higher cost per lead on that. Now, here's the main one that worked the best for us.

This one, you know, had some decent spin. And towards the end of this campaign right here, we're actually seeing like really good results with it. But about $3.24 cost per lead.

Now, this one is textbook, like my favorite type of creative right here. Not for how it was structured in terms of the filming and stuff, but more specifically about how its only goal here is to get your right audience to click. If you look at this, when you find a new winning ad, so I'm calling out what people want.

Solutionware market. They want to find more winning ads. Calling out a solutionware market.

I'm also saying when you find a new winning ad, I'm calling out someone who wants to find a new winning ad. I'm not saying, hey, do you want to make $100,000 with Shopify? I'm saying, hey, if you run Facebook ads and you want to find a new winning ad, you need to look at this.

I'm not saying that in terms of like, you know, like actually saying it, but I'm showing things that are communicating that message to people in that video, basically. And then basically kind of going into, okay, hey, when you find a new winning ad, all right. Then I'm going into more of the impact of that winning ad right there, dropping CPA down to $18.

Then I'm saying all I have to do is use this doc. That's it. And I'm leaving a lot of curiosity here.

This is like a huge factor for finding more winning ads is having more curiosity. Ooh, what is this document? What is it about?

What is it going to tell me? Oh, I can download it free below. Yes, I would love that.

We scroll over. You can see right here. This one had a 57% conversion rate from click to lead.

You can see right here. We had 63 people, unique clicks. And we also had 36 leads.

The highest conversion rate, because it's also kind of highlighting what we used. And it's leaving a lot of curiosity. If you see right here, we had $1.85 cost per click.

Now, again, I don't personally use that to do anything. At the end of the day, all I care about is cost per lead. And then, you know, as I go through and measure the numbers for conversion rate of cost per acquisition and stuff like that, that's what I really care about at the end of the day.

But overall, this did really well. So I showed you guys some really good ads. Now, let's go into a couple more ads itself.

Let's see. These are some of the ones that, you know, we ran them for the same period of time. They just didn't do good.

They didn't take a lot of spin. And to be fair, this one right here, we ran for about a week before I filmed these other ads. So that's also something else I just want to note.

This one ran for about a week before I started launching these. So this one has a little bit of headway. But the rest of these, I launched them all at the same time.

So this is one of them that did not work well. You can see right here, only had six leads. Cost per lead was higher.

Also, too, keep in mind here, our conversion rate on this was significantly lower, about 31%. All of these are about 25%, 28%, lower conversion rate from click to lead. Now, again, that doesn't give me anything actionable.

Like, I can't do anything with that. But I can make hypothesis on why. So these right here, these three ads right here showed the ad.

It showed the document. It drove curiosity. It called out our ideal customer.

And we're going to take a look at some of these right here. So run Facebook ads, pump out 90 high confident creative tests in four weeks. Okay.

So this one right here, boring, right? Like run Facebook ads, question mark, pump out 90 high confident creative tests in four weeks. I don't even, like, yes, I showed the document in here, but I don't articulate that to people.

And this document right here, it's so far away from the screen. You can't even really tell with it, right? So, you know, for this, this is a better version.

The one right here, when you find a new winning ad, calling out what people want, highlighting the benefit of that, you know, just reiterating on that. And then all I have to do is use this document. That right there is a lot more curiosity, calls out the customer, all those good things.

This one right here, it also has like the scene changes and stuff and all those good things. This right here just has none of that. It's just blah.

Yeah, cool. Next one, I did some image creatives right here. So this is testing out some images, just other things.

How to pump out 90 high confidence creative tests in four weeks. Day one, week four, free download. This one's not necessarily bad because it's calling out what people want, which is create more high confidence creative tests.

The bad thing here is that if we look at this one right here, this one, this is showing something that people resonate with, which is triple L. A lot of people use triple L for Shopify now. So it's showing something that people visually can see and they also visually resonate with.

So I can just say when you find a new winning ad and people see this for the context of what type of winning ad. Whereas this, this calls out creative tests, but there's no context of like, is it for Facebook? Is it for something else?

You know, just don't really know. So it makes it a little bit more difficult for, you know, Facebook to really optimize around that because people are scrolling by because it's not really grabbing their attention by showing them something they want. Now, next one.

Let's see. How to pump out 90 high confidence creative tests in four weeks. Free download.

Again, it just, it doesn't really tie to, you know, more of that. Like it's, it goes kind of off of what this is right here, but this in a way, at least showcases kind of the week by week and things like that. This document right here, you just see a little bit of this.

You see all this text at once. It's, I don't know, just kind of blends in, right? It's easy to scroll by.

All you see is a big free download and that's it. It doesn't really capture your attention. Again, that was our hypothesis off of this one right here.

Hey, this one worked really well. Could we create something similar as an image ad, put free download? Look, it didn't work.

Cool. Let's move on. And then last one right here we have is basically the same thing.

This one right here, how to pump out 90 high confidence creative tests in four weeks. Did basically the same thing here, except we just used the Facebook logos and like showed some money and stuff like that. You know, actually now that I'm thinking about that, I think actually showing the Facebook logos is against their terms of service in an ad creative.

So, you know, no, I don't think you should copy that. But same thing here. We kind of just went in, we showcased that kind of that before and after of pushing out those 90 creatives in four weeks, but still didn't really get any of the bait that we wanted.

You can see right there, only got $6 in spin after letting it roll for a few days. You know, low CVR and all those good things right there. So, but end of the day, this one performed the best.

And my main reasons why, number one, it showcases, you know, what people want. It showcases, you know, triple L dashboard. People who are on triple L, which is my ideal customer, they're going to see that.

They're also, we're also highlighting the fact of when you find a new winning ad. We're showcasing how cost per acquisition dropped down to $18. So we're highlighting a lot of things that they visually resonate with and they want.

And then we're saying, hey, all we have to do is use this document and we're letting curiosity do the rest, right? I'm not going there and I'm sitting there trying to explain the document. No, I drove curiosity.

I implied a benefit. I attracted an ideal customer. Now my landing page is what does the rest for this particular document right here to basically get people to opt in and all that good stuff.

So, but yeah, hopefully, hopefully y'all took some value from this, but just kind of go review some creatives with you guys. If y'all enjoyed this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, we help brands scale from six figures to seven figures per month.

Help four brands now. Love to help you become the next one. If you want me to mentor you, click the link below and have Nick Terrio mentor you.

And if you're looking for my intermediate to advanced Facebook ads course around marketing fundamentals, click the link below to have Nick's Facebook ads course. Thank y'all for watching. I'll chat with y'all later.

Peace out.