Okay, so you just launched a new Facebook ad and you're trying to determine if it's a winner. Does this new Facebook ad you launched, will it make me more money or will it lose money? Will it be another fail test in the business or will I have that ad that hits and allows me to transform the trajectory of my business?

Well, today we'll be talking exactly about what to do when you launch a new ad and how to tell if it's a winner. And likely if you're watching this video, you're likely using one campaign like I preach in all of my videos and testing new ads with DCTs, but you're curious on how to know what DCTs are a winner. How do you know what Facebook ad you launched is a winner inside of the account?

And if you don't know what I'm talking about at all, you're like, what's going on? What the hell, Nick? What's this one campaign strategy?

What's this DCTs? What's this testing Facebook ads here? Watch this video first.

This is Facebook ads in 2023, a step-by-step guide where I teach you how to set up the one campaign structure and like actually go live in the account and show you everything step-by-step. So before we actually go forward and continue moving on exactly how to tell if you're a new ads winner and you're like, who the hell is this guy? My name is Nick Theriot.

I run a Facebook ads agency. We spend a little over a million dollars a month on Facebook ad spend and we also coach and mentor students. Links are both below book free strategy session for me to run your ads or get in my mentorship group where I teach you how to run ads exactly like I show in the videos.

And before we get started, hit the like button, subscribe button, drop a comment below. So let's go start it. First off, here's the DCT we launched just to show you guys a quick, just like one of our ad accounts that we did.

Here's the first DCT we launched in a particular ad account. You can see 104 is the DCT and then broad is the main ad set where we keep all of our ads and stuff like that. A couple of notes about this account.

It's, you know, with an account we took over and it was already doing well. So the problem with well accounts is that we have to pretty much reinvent the wheel of what works, which can be hard because the accounts are doing a couple hundred thousand dollars a month. So that becomes an issue when it comes down to creative testing because we had to test 22 DCTs before we found a winner.

Now, again, that was purely for the fact that this account was already experienced and already had a lot going on in the account before we came on board. It wasn't as just a fresh account. So again, this is not every account.

We found winning DCTs in the first seven days and then we also found them in the first 60 days. So it just depends per account. So today we'll be talking about 123, a DCT we found that won on May 18th.

And this is the clearest, most cut answer of how to tell if it's a winner, if it's getting majority spin. Now, I really want to stress the significance here. All right.

We tested 22 DCTs that got little spin over 48 days. And on the 23rd, it took off almost immediately. You can see right here, immediately taken off compared to all these DCTs that didn't really take off.

Now I want to stress the importance of this because a lot of you guys, I say test new DCTs, you guys test two or three and you're like, I give up. I'm gonna go find another strategy. And you go down this cycle of continuously testing strategy after strategy after strategy, and you get no results.

You know, I'm big into health and fitness. It's like starting a new diet every week. Hey, this week I'm gonna cut carbs.

Next week I'm gonna do keto. Next week I'm gonna do macro counting. And you just, you keep starting, start to make a little progress, stop.

And it restarts, start making a little progress, stop and results. You have to see out the strategy over a long period of time. And I say like six months to 12 months at a time.

So let's just go over this. May 15th, 123 did not exist. You can see right here, May 15th for, you know, there's some new ad sets, new DCTs launching, but our broad main ad set is still getting majority of spin.

We're not beating it. Our objective would have creative tests is to beat the performance of our winning ads. That's our objectives.

We want ads that grow the business, not ads that contract the business, which is what we're doing here. They're not spending a lot. They're not really a grower.

It's just kind of there. And we also can confirm the backend that performance ain't doing that well. May 15th, 2K in revenue, but 1K in revenue, um, ad spend net profit about $125, nothing crazy.

Now, May 16th, 123 starts to get spin. So you see right here, May 16th, um, our broad ads, it's still getting majority of spin, but 123 starts to take off again. 123 isn't in here at all.

May 16th, we launch it. It's starting to get spin $285 in the first day. These are getting like 174 bucks, nothing crazy.

So it immediately starts getting some good amount of spin, nothing like super, super crazy, but a good amount of like, okay, cool. And guess what? May 16th, we immediately see a bump in revenue.

The same amount of ads to spin is being spent. Uh, NCPA is being dropped from like, you know, $40 to $36 and look at profits up to $636. Now, May 17th, 123 takes majority of spin.

We've never had a winning ad before. Now all of a sudden, we have a winning ad and it's take majority of spin. And look at this, this looks phenomenal.

Now, let me show you guys a couple other things here. So revenue stays about the same. NCPA still drops, um, profits.

Uh, it's not as good as the day before, but it's better than, you know, the, the, this day right here, $125. So it's still like optimizing right here. That's what I see now.

May 18th, 123 continues to optimize and deliver better results. So you see cost of purchase is down to $18 first day or second day was $38. And first day was $71.

So over three days, it got better. So that's why I like to tend to like to let things run for at least three days just because it gives it enough time to optimize. And look at the impact on the business on the 18th, 1K in profits, $3,700 in revenue.

Again, we came from the 15th of 125 in profits and the 18th at 1K in profit. So significant jump right there. And again, like we'll have some DCTs that won't get majority of spin.

Like they'll get like, I don't know, you know, let's say, which one was it this one or like DCT didn't get majority of spin, but it got a good amount of spin and we'll still see an impact on overall performance. So that's why it's so important to do one campaign. You test your ads like this with one CBO, because now it lets Facebook decide what to get the majority of spin.

And yeah. And the key thing here is just to keep confirming the impact on the business. Let things run for a couple of days, like two, three days.

That's the biggest thing. And also to like, don't completely look at the cost of purchase in Facebook, because sometimes we'll have ads that appear to not be doing great inside of Facebook, but overall doing really well. Yeah.

This is doing a $38 cost per purchase when on average, we're getting a $21 cost per purchase, but look at the business when we're getting a $21 cost per purchase inside of Facebook reporting 21, we're getting $125 a day in profit. This one's getting a $38 cost per purchase and we're getting $410 in profit. The big difference here is that Facebook just takes some time to attribute sales and everything.

So that's why we can't fully trust that cost per purchase in Facebook. And that's why when something takes majority of spin, our objective here is to look at overall impact on the business. So again, after three to seven days, check your performance of your DCT.

Um, you should be able to tell whether or not the DCT made an impact on the business or not. Um, if it did make an impact and the business is doing better, leave it on. If it didn't make an impact, turn it off, launch your next DCT test.

So yeah, guys, hopefully this helps help to tell what DCT is a winner and, uh, definitely make sure you take this full execution and full watch, uh, before you launch your next Facebook ad. So thank you all for watching. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.