Here's how you can make your Facebook ads better in under five minutes. I just got off a call with one of my students and they made a mistake that I see so many people make, whether it's students, other brands and stuff like that, that we ultimately help them fix. And the biggest thing that I see is that they forget to add undeniable proof that their product is the best one to solve a particular desire in the marketplace.

So again, desire is what people want. Want to make more money, want to make more Facebook ads or better Facebook ads. They want a 3x row as they want a girlfriend.

They want a boyfriend. They want, you know, just whatever you want, whatever's front of mind. And when people want a certain thing and we show them an ad, we connect with them by showing them that here's what you want.

Here's how our product can help you do that. And what I find is that people do not spend enough time providing undeniable proof that our product is the best one to solve their particular desire. So I put together about 15 different ways to showcase different ways of which you can build undeniable proof in a Facebook ad.

And again, this will massively improve some of your Facebook ads, literally another five minutes. It's very quick and just a couple of little quick edits inside of your Facebook ad creatives. And I'm going to show you those couple of ways right now.

So first one is show their desire being achieved with your product. So let's just say, for example, you sell a gym supplement. It's a pre-workout and we want to show them their desire being achieved with their product, AKA, hey, my desire is more energy in the gym.

So if my energy is, if my desire is more energy in the gym, then I want to showcase a girl going to the gym full of energy and hitting a workout. Boom, easy. And I'm going to show you about 14 to 15 different ways, but you can, you don't need to use all 14 and 15 of these ways in a particular ad.

You just need to pick a couple and stack them together. Because when you stack them together, that's how you build that undeniable proof. Next one is show their desire being consistently achieved over time due to your product.

So if we go back to the pre-workout and desire for energy, one of the biggest things with pre-workout is that after they take it for like a week, they feel like it doesn't hit them anymore or maybe 30 days. So we can showcase day one, taking it and hitting an amazing workout full of energy. Then we can showcase day 90 of hitting the gym and feeling exactly the same as day one.

And we can just do like a split screen style. And we can do that like midway in our video for that particular product. Where will they get their desire satisfied?

So obviously, you know, this is going to be more of like where in terms of like the locational stuff. So like obviously you want to film like in the gym. We don't want to be filming at home.

Like that's another huge mistake I see so many people make is that they film in their house, talking about pre-workout when it's supposed to be at the gym. So, you know, we want to showcase the gym, showcase a pretty cool gym. We want to showcase them maybe taking the pre-workout as they're walking into the gym or before they start a set or something like that.

That's one way to do it. Next one is when will they get their desire satisfied? So a couple of different facets to this one right here.

So like when could be like time in terms of how quickly. So for example, is, you know, like let's say they walk into the gym, they take the pre-workout how long before they get that energy. The second facet to that is just when in terms of like the time of the day.

So like I love hitting legs at night and I love, you know, taking my pre-workout after a long day of work because I'm so tired. And then, you know, I take this pre-workout and within 30 minutes, I'm full of energy and ready to hit that workout right there. Next one is how will they get their desire satisfied?

So the top one is show their desire being achieved at your product. This one is how. Now, how is more where it goes a little bit into the logical side, but you don't want to spend too much on the logical side.

So how will this pre-workout give them more energy? That's what you have to look at. And, you know, it has 300 milligrams of caffeine.

It has beta-alene for really good pumps. You're talking more about how this works. Now, you also have to keep some things in mind.

Like, for example, caffeine. I don't really need to explain how caffeine works. So I can just say how this pre-workout gives them more energy is because it has 300 milligrams of caffeine and all these other really cool things for giving them energy.

That's it. If caffeine was, if I was the first person ever on the market to have caffeine, then I would have to explain how caffeine works. But, I mean, no one needs to anymore.

Next one is how to test the claim you make about your product that will satisfy their desire. This is simply showcasing, you know, basically what it is. How do I know your product is working?

So take this pre-workout, wait about 30 minutes, and then go start your warm-up on your leg day. And you'll notice within that first warm-up, you're going to feel a little bit more positive mood, a little bit more energy. And as you start getting into some of the heavier weights and stuff like that, they're going to move with ease.

See how I'm talking about that? Because I'm showing them like how to test it, how they're going to experience it, and things like that. I saw a really good example.

This came from one of the examples in Breakthrough Advertising for this, where it goes over, it was a car, and it was, I want to sell spark plugs for a car. And it showed how to test the claim. And it was basically like, hey, go pull up to a red light.

It's literally, literally, this is exactly what it said. Pull up to a red light, wait till the light turns green, and just stomp on the gas, and you'll see how the car lunges forward. Obviously, that's kind of illegal now to do, depending on who you are.

But back in the 60s, that's what was kind of encouraging that ad right there. So how can they test that the claims you're making to give you more energy actually works? Now, next one is show experts and customers commenting on the desire being satisfied with the product right here.

So experts for pre-workout could be fitness influencers. So fitness influencers that are popular in the space. I'm just saying how amazing this particular pre-workout, you know, is in that case.

And then next one is customers commenting. So like, you know, if I was a customer, hey, ever since I started taking this Celsius pre-workout, I've been just having explosive pumps in the gym. I have energy that lasts all workout.

So I'm showing a little bit of testimonials, talking about the desire, and I'm showing some experts as well. And incorporating this in short little segments drastically increases the social proof of that particular ad. Next one is prove the superiority of their desire being satisfied better by your product versus competitor.

So here we want to showcase how basically this desire is better at satisfying a desire than a competitor. So let's just say, for example, there's a lot of pre-workouts on the space. I saw someone, I hate to bring them up, but Eamon Gazi, for example, he just released some ad for his new energy drink, Big Day, I think it's called.

And he talks about how like, you know, Red Bull had like very, very little caffeine relative to some of these other energy drinks. Then like he showcased his energy drink, which has a little bit more caffeine or like a better quality caffeine, but not nearly as much as Celsius and stuff like that. And then also too, I was just a better looking can, et cetera, electrolytes, all that good stuff.

So he's kind of showcasing how it's better than some of the competitors in the space right there. So same thing with pre-workout. Maybe our pre-workout has more caffeine, which gives you more energy for your workouts than the traditional competitors right there.

Maybe ours hits you faster. Maybe ours uses a better type of caffeine. And we talk about that in the ad itself.

And again, you'll take a couple of these right here, not all 14 or 15, but you'll use a couple handful of them in one ad to help build out that like, oh shit, this ad fucking works. Next thing is use a metaphor to talk about the desire being satisfied. So here's a metaphor.

It's going to be kind of difficult sometimes because if you go too crazy with it, it can kind of like disassociate people from the ad itself. I know a common metaphor I like to use all the time is when students come to me and they start asking me like, Nick, should I launch Facebook ads, Google ads, TikTok ads, and email marketing all at once? Like brand new store, all of these things at once.

I'm like, well, you know, a rocket ship uses like majority of the gas, like when a plane, a regular plane that takes off commercial plane, it uses majority of the gas on takeoff. So when you launch all of these channels at once, you're using significantly more money at once with little to no like upside potential. So it's better to launch one at once that way you don't burn out all your gas too soon right there.

So how can we talk about like, you still have a metaphor for how much energy this particular product gives you. You see that a lot in like some of the like candy advertising. I mean, pretty much all advertising, you see it, but like big TV commercials for like candies and kids and stuff like that, you know, like for example, I want to say like some of the Snickers or Twix bar, I think it's a Snickers.

Some of the metaphors they've used to showcase just how amazing your life is. Like when you use a Twitter or have a Snickers, for example. So, but yeah, so metaphors, not a great place.

Next one is speed of which they'll get their desire satisfied. So how quickly will they get that energy for this particular case right here? You know, I think we already talked about this one, but again, just how quickly will they see their desire satisfied?

Will they see it immediately? Will they see it after 30 days? What would that look like?

Next one is size of which they'll get their desire satisfied. So this one, it's like, this one might be a little bit hard for pre-workout unless like you did some type of like study on like the, like, let's say for example, like you'll get a 15% larger pump using this pre-workout over. That's the size, which again, you'll have to have that statistical data.

If not, you can get basically fucked by the FTC. You know, you see that a lot in like weight loss type products, lose 30 pounds the next days, you know, even like some make money online courses, you know, make an extra thousand dollars a month by using this product. Again, you just have to be very, very truthful because the FTC is cracking down hard right now.

So you have to be able to provide data that all of the customers who've used this product have the average of this particular, you know, size or, but depends on how you say it too, because if you say the average customer makes $10,000 a month with our business, then we have to be able to provide the data that backs that up. If you just had one random customer and it's not the average that can greatly get you fucked by the FTC. Next one is help people feel, smell, taste their desire being satisfied.

So obviously like the desire here is energy for going into the gym for this particular pre-workout. How do we, how can we get them feel the type of energy they're going to have? So this is where, you know, maybe even using some metaphors might help out a lot too, but you want to visually showcase to them how they'll feel when they take this pre-workout.

So like, maybe like they'll drink this pre-workout and as they walk in the gym, like everyone will smile and wave at them and tell them to have a good day. And like everyone just makes it clear, clear, like just immediately walks away from the machine that they're, this particular person is about to use. And it's just like, Oh my God, it's such an amazing day.

So in a way they can kind of feel that like energy and just this really good feeling when they drink this pre-workout right here. Next one is their benefits of their design, their desire being satisfied. So, you know, for here it's, it's more so like, what are the benefits of me getting more energy in the gym?

Obviously I'll be able to get a bigger pump. I'll be able to push myself harder. I'll be able to grow my muscles faster in a way, not like, because, you know, I'm putting more, like I'm getting more of each session in that way.

So what if, if I have a desire for getting energy going to the gym, what are the benefits of that desire being satisfied? Next one is dramatize how hard it is to satisfy their desire unless they use your product. So if you try to go out and do this, you're on your own, like how hard would it be to get the type of results that they want because of our product right here?

That's all you're looking at. So, you know, like the other route you can go is by like doing like a 20 or 30 minute warmup on the treadmill to get your heart rate up and like blah, blah, blah. Then from there you can go into the gym and, um, you know, hit your workouts.

I like to do this a lot in like, you know, with my like educational program and stuff like that. Like I've spent over a hundred thousand dollars in personal development. I've, uh, you know, I've spent a decade learning all of this myself and also hiring mentors and stuff like that.

So you're more than welcome to go out and do the same, or you can leverage my educational program, uh, mentorship below link below. And, uh, we can greatly reduce that time and money you'll have to spend essentially to do the same things we're doing now. So like you see it right there, like I've showcased how hard it would be if you don't use our product to satisfy this desire.

So that's the key thing. And the last one, and one of my favorite ones, because not many people use this one is problems they'll face due to their desire being satisfied. So you're going to get so like, you're, you're going to get so much energy and you're going to go to the gym and crush a workout that your muscles are going to grow at such a fast rate.

You will literally not even be able to work out anymore because you're just gonna have a line of people trying to figure out what the hell you're taking. Every time you walk in the gym, you will, you know, the minute you apply these ad strategies to your Facebook ad creatives, you're going to have such an influx of orders that if your fulfillment team cannot handle this, you will literally go out of business. So basically I'm just, I'm articulating the problems you'll face because these things are going to work so well, but yeah.

So these are a couple of different ways to build on the novel proof. Like I said, you want to pull a couple of these and use multiple of them together in an ad to help further expand and showcase people how amazing your product is. And, uh, not just be, Hey, our product is, does this gives you more energy going to the gym by now.

Now it'll be undeniable proof, undeniable proof, undeniable proof by now, which is going to make people a lot more like into your product, warmer into your product. Like, Oh shit, I need this. I mean, I literally, if I took all of these that we talked about today, you guys are probably like, Nick, what's a pre-workout comment?

Because I would love that pre-workout right there. But yeah, guys, make sure to like button does subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And yeah, if you want me to run your ads, I help brands scale from a hundred thousand dollars a month to a multiple seven figures a month.

I've helped four brands. Now I'll help you be the next one. If you want me to mentor you on a monthly basis, I have my group mentoring link below.

And if you want to learn all these cool marketing fundamentals, I have them all. And of course, below Nick's Facebook ad course. So thank you all so much for watching.

My name is Nick Theriault. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.