What do e-com brands doing a million dollars a month know that you don't? That's the big question. In today's video, as someone who scaled multiple e-com brands now to seven figures plus a month and over a dozen brands to a couple hundred K a month at my advertising agency, today I'll be diving into the specific things that they know that you just don't quite know yet.

Number one starts off with where I find a lot of people. They use dropshipping to get about 100K a month and they think dropshipping will help them scale pass all the way up to a million dollars a month. And that's not technically false, but it's very difficult with dropshipping.

Why? Why, Nick? Why can't I dropship my way to a million dollars a month and stay there?

Sell the 10 million dollars a month, blah, blah, blah. The problem with dropshipping, number one, shipping times. Let's just be very honest with that.

Shipping times is extremely difficult. Two, controlling packaging. Packaging is not something that matters with customer acquisition, but it's something that matters with customer retention.

What do I mean by that? If I'm dropshipping, getting a product in a random little package with most of the time in a different language, three weeks later is not going to be a good experience. If I go to a restaurant, let's just say it's the best restaurant in town, but I have a bad experience the first time I eat at that restaurant.

Maybe I get food poisoning, for example. I don't care if it's the best restaurant in town. I'm never going to want to go back there again.

Or if I do, it's going to be a couple months later and I'm going to have extremely high skepticism and just not want to be there at all. Same thing with dropshipping. So people are not going to want to come back and buy from you again if they have that bad experience, which when the first time they buy from you.

So brands are doing a million dollars plus a month. Most of them have shifted out of dropshipping and they're still selling the same product, but it's all custom packaging now. It has their logo on the product.

They may have altered the product a little bit to have like their brand colors on it. And they're having a great first experience when people buy from them. That's a big one right there.

And it sets a tone. And it also goes back into, you know, just simple consumer psychology. We look at like Apple, for example, when you unbox that iPhone, like you love that experience.

When you buy something from Louis Vuitton or Gucci or like Rolex, for example, they do a really great unboxing experience. I remember when I purchased like an Invicta watch. It was like a $100 watch.

I was like the first watch I ever purchased. Purchased it because it looked like a Rolex. I was actually very surprised.

It had a really premium experience in terms of like a nice little watch box you popped open. The actual packaging looked good. And it made me want to purchase a couple more after that.

I'm not even going to go there with Rolex because it was all a phenomenal experience. But for like the price to how much of a better experience it was, it really wasn't that much of a difference. So can we engineer a really good unboxing experience right there?

That's going to get people hooked to want to keep coming back and buying more. Now let's go to point number two, buying more. This is where we need to start looking at.

What is the grand purpose of your business outside of lining your pockets with money? What do I mean by that? Let's say, for example, I don't know, you build supplements for dogs.

All right. What is the purpose of these supplements for these dogs? Is it going to be affordable supplements for broke college girls to get them through with like owning a dog at an early stage of their life?

And all your supplements are just going to be cheap. And but you're marketing to that specific persona. You're going to keep adding new supplements that these dogs will need over a period of time.

Or maybe you're Apple and you're innovating the space and all your products are innovating kind of that futuristic view and perspective. I just I just watched Steve Jobs and Jobs, two different movies on Netflix that were phenomenal. So what's the purpose of this business long term?

This is going to be like your value, your kind of like long term vision with the business. Million dollar month brands, they have a long term vision. It's not just, oh, hey, I want to make some money so I can buy a Lamborghini.

It's, hey, what's the impact I'm going to create in the economy? What's the impact when we're creating people's lives? That's going to be purpose that's going to dictate all of your actions moving forward when it comes down to launching new products.

And when it comes down to, yeah, just dominating new products and what you're going to say yes and no to. If you know for a fact you're making supplements for dogs that's cheaper for blank college girls, so that way they can get through college and successfully have a dog during college, then guess what? They are not going to say yes to like random products that do not fulfill that particular purpose.

So you need a long term brand purpose when you're scaling that million dollars a month that's going to guide you of what you say yes and no to for the types of products you launch on your store. And this is where we're going to go into point three. Number three is going into retention.

Million dollar month brands, they are willing to scale at break even on customer acquisition and make their profits on retention. We have this one particular brand. We scale from 300k a month to $2 million a month.

Their Facebook ads ROAS was like 1.2, 1.3. Their overall Facebook like ad spend compared to Shopify revenue, they're at like a 3.5. But the difference here is that the Facebook ads was all new customers, first time buyers.

And then all the extra money they were making was specifically from the returning customers. Almost 50% of their daily revenue was coming from returning customers. The cool thing about returning customers is that these customers are coming in to buy from you and you don't have to spend any money for them to come back and buy from you.

That is amazing. You know, for another example, my personal brand. I scale my ebook at a $40 to $50 acquisition.

The book's $29. Do the math. I'm losing $10 to $20 every time someone buys that book.

But people are going into my inner circle, which is a $4,000 to $5,000 LTV right there. LTV, not, you know, like revenue on day one, but LTV. And then inner circle students go into my agency, which starts off at $10,000 a month.

So between all of this, if I just look at first time customers, yes, I'm losing money. And if I'm operating in a sub, you know, very low 100k Muff brand mentality, I'm not going to want to scale that. But as a million dollar Muff brand owner, I'm going to want to scale the shit out of that because I know how much money I'm making on the back end.

And that's also another thing right there. There's been plenty of times we hop in accounts where their ads are good. Their creatives are good.

Their landing page is good, but they just cannot beat a cost per acquisition. Then I look at their whole account. It's like, bro, you have one product and you're stressing because you can't get a sub $20 cost per acquisition.

You don't have an acquisition problem. You don't even have a Facebook ads problem. You have a returning customer rep problem.

You need more products in your store to build the profit in your business so you can scale further. You don't even have a Facebook ads issue. This also goes into my next point right there.

Point four. Once you start to understand returning customer revenue and new customer revenue, you can split them up into two separate problems in the business. So for example, I had a student the other day, hop on a call with me.

This student is spending 50% more. They're spending like 2k a day. Now they're spending like 4k a day on Facebook ads.

So actually 100% more. I think it was spending 2k a day. Now they're spending 3k a day.

So 50% more. And they're spending more money on ads. And their new customer cost per acquisition is the same when they were profitable.

But now that they're spending more with the same new customer cost per acquisition, they're starting to see less profits. And I look at their account. I'm like, hey, you don't have a Facebook ads issue.

You have a returning customer revenue. You just jacked up your ad spend. And you just haven't had time yet for all these customers to come back and buy from you.

And sure enough, when we looked at their P&L, we saw their returning customer revenue was way down because they just spent a significant amount of money on new customers. And the pendulum was off. So now it's really high up here on new customers.

So we just have to give it a little time for those returning customers to buy. Then all of a sudden, they're profitable again in their business. Now, the last thing, number five, the thing, the main thing that million dollar month brand owners know that you don't is hiring top tier talent.

Every time that I personally have tried to save money by hiring someone of lower tier, lower caliber just to save money, it just costs me infinitely more money in the long run. What do I mean by that? When I hire a low tier person, then what happens is one, I have to spend so much more training them takes my time and attention away from things that's making me money.

Number two, if they don't work out, I just spent all this time training them to only realize, hey, they're still not good fit. I have to let them go and repeat that process over and over and over. It just costs me so much more money than spending one or two to three times more in the beginning, hiring someone that's more expensive, that's uncomfortable.

And then all of a sudden, now I don't have to pay attention to them. They crush it out the gate and I make more money right away. So this is also another big thing I see a lot with brands that are doing a million dollars plus a month versus brands that are doing like 50 to 100k a month, 50 to 100k a month.

They're like cutting corners and trying to find the cheapest talent. And they're the smartest person in the room. And I learned this from Alex Ramosey, where when you build a team at a million dollars a month, you want to be the dumbest person in the room and your team is the smartest people in the room.

I like to look at Navy SEALs a lot. I like to look at like SEAL Team 6, for example. These are the best of the best Navy SEALs in the area that's put on that SEAL Team 6 right there.

So when you're scaling to a million dollars a month, you are still Team 6. You're building still Team 6. You can't have low level entry level people in your team.

This is why I have so many people DM me on a daily basis to work for me for free. And I just I have to say no to all of them because not because I want to be an asshole or anything like that, just because I've gone through so many scenarios where I hired people and gave that option right there. And it just cost me so much more money in the long run.

That's why I make all these videos for free to give you all that all that free knowledge as a thank you. And as a hey, like I'm doing what I can to give back to you. Unfortunately, I can't work with me even for free.

And, you know, this is my way of giving back to you guys. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Thank you for watching. If you want me to come in your business and help you scale and do at least $100,000 a month for your econ brand, click the link below to have Nick Terry run your ads.

And if you want me to mentor you, hop in your ad account, review your ads, review your creatives and all that stuff, give you feedback, then click link below to have Nick Terry a mentor, y'all. Have a good rest of your day. Peace out.