Yeah, not good. Not good at all. Welcome to a video that I've actually been scared to film, but with the new apartment and everything, I wanted to make sure I was cracked down on my budget and was spending properly.

As if I overspend, I could easily throw off my whole budget and stuff. And with rent now, utility bills and stuff, I need to be right down on track with my finances. So a week ago, I decided to go a whole week and document every time I spent some money, essentially.

And this video right here pretty much covers everything that I spent money on. And let's just say, guys, it was not pretty at all. But that is why I wanted to film this video to acknowledge and become aware of my spending issue and then come there and put in procedures to decrease that spending and be right down on budget.

So guys, welcome to what I spend in a week as a 23-year-old digital entrepreneur. So a little background of what I do. I own a six-figure digital agency that works with clothing brands and helps them scale up to seven and eight figures.

We have multiple different clients. And I take home pretty much all in profit. So very high profit business with little expenses.

So that is what is fueling my lifestyle. But now let's go into what I spend in a week. So I understand there is some weeks that I have like rent that pulls out.

So I'll have a little bit more that week. Some weeks I'll have my car note come out. So again, I'll spend a little bit more that week.

So what I'm going to do is just to set the beginning of the week. I'm going to divide all my monthly expenses by four. These are my reoccurring ones that happen every month.

And then that's going to give me my starting like what I spent that week. And so we're going to go over first with rent. Rent is $13.39 per month.

Then we have utilities. Utilities is my water, electricity, and internet. And that is $2.30 per month.

Then my car note plus car insurance is $8.80 a month. Then we have our phone bill, which is $156. Spotify, $10.

I got my fitness pal. I help track like food macros and everything. That's $10.

I do have a chiropractic plan where I pay $35 per month for just a, you know, checkup adjustment. That's $35 a month. And then my overall supplements that I get each month for the gym and performance supplements, greens, etc.

I spend about $238 per month on supplements. Gym fee is $29 per month. And to be honest, guys, I'm still using my parents' Netflix account.

So I am not spending anything on Netflix. So that is everything I spend per month that's reoccurring like fees. And that's a total of $2,938.

We slashed out by four. We get $734, which is going to be my starting amount for this week. So we're officially $734 in the drain.

So Monday starting off, I went in the morning to get a haircut and it's a friend slash thing. So they cut my hair. My dad paid for it because we kind of all went together.

So I'm very thankful for that. But on my way there, I did pick up an energy drink for $2.93. First purchase of the week is a Green Monster.

I had one at home. I completely forgot to grab it. But it was $2.93 for one Green Monster.

And after Monday, I went and did some family stuff while I was in town visiting. And then headed back towards my apartment. On my way back to my apartment, I did have to stop at LUS, which is our electricity people that handles all the power and stuff.

And I had to put my deposit down to the apartment for electricity and stuff. That was $147.50. And then after that, I was like, hey, Chick-fil-A is right by.

So I really wanted some Chick-fil-A before I come back and smash a work block. So I spent $10.21 at Chick-fil-A. Then pretty much once I got back to my apartment, I spent the rest of the day in my apartment.

And then later that afternoon, I went ahead and visited my girlfriend. And on my way, I wanted to pick up some Smoothie King because A, I didn't eat the rest of the day after that Chick-fil-A. And B, she was sick with monos.

I was like, hey, look, I'm going to give you something. Just kind of drink, sit down, easy on the throat. And that was $13.45.

And yeah, that was Monday. So my total for Monday was $174.09. So Tuesday, I pretty much spent the whole day doing work at home.

I did go to Super 1 to pick up some groceries. That was $57.90. All right, guys, we just left Super 1 and I spent $57.90.

Pretty much everything I got at Super 1 was things that's like essentials. I think like literally the only thing I got that was extra was ice cream. And then later that day, I went ahead and did the same thing with Smoothie King.

I went to Smoothie King and then went to my girl's house. And that was $13.45. So my total for Tuesday was $71.35.

Now Wednesday. Wednesday, I actually had my chiropractor appointment. So I did have to go all the way back.

It's like a 20, 30-minute drive to like my hometown, I guess you could say, from where I moved. And I picked up an energy drink in the morning. And that was $2.93.

Again, I don't pay for the chiropractor visit each time because it's on that monthly subscription service now. I did go to Chick-fil-A after the chiropractor to pick up some breakfast for me as well as to treat the guys at the shop, which is my other business I kind of barely own now. But I did pick up some Chick-fil-A to treat them when I went and visited them for a little while.

That was $23.60. Then after I got back to the apartment and I pretty much cracked out some work and stuff. And then I went to Target later that day with my girlfriend.

Just kind of look around and stuff. And then I ended up finding a mirror. One of those big, tall, oversized mirrors for $49.

And I have one on order right now for $150. And I pretty much canceled the one on order and ended up picking up this one at Target for $49. So after tax, it came out to $56.

So I'm definitely going to save like $100 on that. So that was definitely a win for me. Then after Target, we pretty much came back to my apartment.

And some of my furniture actually arrived. My entertainment center and my kind of like kitchen table. And huge thank you to my mom and my brother for coming visit and dropping that off.

Pretty much spent the whole night building that. And I ordered some pizza for me and my girlfriend. And that was $34.02.

So the total for Wednesday was $116.55. Now Thursday. Thursday, I went on a fishing trip in the morning with Jake.

So woke up early. Went meet him. And then we went to Walmart.

He bought some fishing supplies. And then I picked up some energy drinks. Forrest.

That was $7.87 for a drink for me and him. And then we went to get some worms for the fishing trip. And I picked up some worms for $5.

So then we went ahead and went fishing. And then after the fishing trip, I picked up some food for me and my girlfriend. I had like a local little food joint that's right by the fishing area that's amazing.

And that was $21.97. And then after that, I did have to get some gas for my car. And that was $23.15.

So pretty much went ahead, showed my girlfriend a little while, came back to my apartment. And then later that night, I had two friends come over and I cooked for them. So I did have to go to Super 1 before to pick up a few things for me as well.

And that was $32.77. I think it was a case of beer. So that was pretty much the main cost of that.

So total for Thursday was $90.76. Now Friday. Friday, I pretty much spent the whole day at my apartment.

I did go and pick up some coffee in the morning. And that was $5. And that was it.

I spent $5 Friday and pretty much spent the whole day editing and stuff at my apartment. And went to my girlfriend's house later that night. But just got some $5 coffee in the morning, iced coffee, to get the day started.

Then Saturday, pretty much the same thing. I spent the whole day, whole half of the day at my apartment. Then we went with my girlfriend to some of her family's house.

And then after that, I picked up some alcoholic beverages. All right, guys. So daiquiri and a Crown & Coke, $13.

Some daiquiris for me and her as we went to my parents' house to boil some crawfish. And that was $13 for those two drinks. And so Saturday, total $13.

Now the last day of the week is Sunday. And Sunday was Mother's Day. So I did start the morning with going get coffee for me, my girlfriend.

And Buddy, our little dog, or my parents' dog, came to sleep over that night. So I had him in the morning and we actually got him a puppuccino too. So it was $9 for coffee that morning for two coffees and a puppuccino.

Then I went get some flowers for my mom. That was $54.19. It was kind of like one of those big flower pot things.

And the total for Sunday was $63.19. So that brings up our total for the week at $1,268. Yeah, not good.

Not good at all. I'm laughing about it. But honestly, yeah, guys, it's definitely something I need to curve down.

Yes, my income can support it, but that's not the thing. I'm trying to save more than I spend and more than I make. You know, I'm trying to get down my spending per month to be only like a very small percentage of how much I actually make per month just to save up a bucket load of money.

And at this rate, it's not working. It's not going to happen. So right now, I kind of did this whole thing to become more of a wear situation because I think that's the first thing to understand if you have a problem or not is becoming aware.

So I have been more cautious about every penny I spend. It's also a working thing that you need to consistently be taking action on to like nail down because it's not just going to happen overnight. And I think it's something that we can all consistently improve on.

I don't want to be the person that's making a lot of money and also to spending a lot of money. I want to be making way more than I'm currently spending. I'm in a very happy place right now with my apartment, car, everything like that.

So now I'm just trying to triple, you know, my income per month. So that way, like making all this money and still keeping my lifestyle pretty much the same. So thank you guys so much for watching this video.

It was definitely a fun video to make and definitely a learning experience, becoming aware of my spending habits and also to finding solutions to come there and cut those down. So if you enjoyed this video, drop a like below. And if you're new to the channel, I make vlogs, business videos, financial videos, overall lifestyle empowerment, and also marketing and Facebook ad videos.

So make sure you hit that subscribe button. I'll see you guys tomorrow. Peace.