What makes a winning Facebook ad? I've gotten this question a lot, especially after a lot of people have watched my DCT structure of testing new creatives and stuff, and some of them not getting a lot of spin and some getting a ton of spin. And I really want to go back into the aspect of, hey, what creates winning ads?

What allows ads to really spin and scale? So that being said, let's dive into the video, show you a breakdown of a recent winning ad and calling out the specific components of it that's made it successful. So if you might've seen this video already, kind of go over some of these creatives, but I want to go over it again, just with a little bit more in depth.

These are a couple of creatives I ran for one of my personal offers, a free lead magnet, giving out to people with Facebook. So you have ad one, two, and three, just basically going highest to lowest right here. We'll go over the one that spent $500 with $1.62 cost per lead.

The other two right there had about $4 cost per lead and an $8 cost per lead or $2 cost per lead. So we're going to go over the winning video just to show it to you really quick what that looks like. It's very simple video, nothing crazy, but it worked very well.

And I want to show you exact breakdown of all the components of this video, because while it's simple, it did have a little bit of strategic planning to that right there. So number one thing is we are calling out our ideal audience. My ideal audience for this ad was people who were struggling to find a new winning ad for their accounts.

So what I did was is I started the hook with when you find a new winning ad and I put the little emojis that's just like, Ooh, wow. Like nice. You know, just as like to highlight, Hey, that's what they want.

So I'm basically kind of stating that right there. Hey, I have what you want. I'm living where you at, right?

Where you want to be at right now. And I'm showing them that second thing I do as I also show people what they want. I'm showing it was like a 10k day in revenue.

I'm also showing them, Hey, they want a new winning ad because they want to be able to scale revenue with their Shopify store. So the next thing I also showcase triple well, why do I show triple well? Because I want to really more focus on like Shopify store owners.

And if they are on triple well, that's even 10 times better. So I wanted to showcase visuals. I wanted to showcase a hook that only my ideal customer could resonate with.

And I do that all in the beginning right here. And this lures people in, you know, it doesn't really look like an ad just showing people what they want. That's all I did.

Then all I did was take it a step further. I was like, cool. I'm showing people what they desire.

And I'm just going one step further and showing another visual of what they desire. It's like, Oh, they want a new winning ad to scale revenue. I'm just further reinforcing desire.

Reinforcing desire is just where you show their desired state from a few different perspectives. So on top of that, I also showcased how this new winning ad dropped cost per acquisition down to $18 for this particular account right here. So our cost per lead to 18.

Oh, wait, no, no. This was CPA cost per acquisition down to $18 with this particular ad right here. So showing them I'm calling out what they want.

I'm showing them what they want. I'm reinforcing what they want. Now they're salivating.

They're like, Oh, I want that. That looks really good. I want it.

And then all I did was introduce the solution. And then all I said was, Hey, all I had to use was this doc. Now this doc, you don't really know what's going on.

You just know that I had to use this doc right here. And I was able to be able to generate these results. Now from one perspective, it's like, well, you didn't explain the product.

You didn't explain the doc. And that's okay. Because I want to use one of the most powerful human psychology traits you can imagine, which is curiosity.

I want curiosity to kill the cat. With a lot of curiosity, that's going to give me a lot of clicks. And it's really going to make me like, Ooh, what is that?

I want that. I want that doc. I want to figure out what that doc is.

And that's going to get people to click. I don't have to say click. I just say, Hey, all to use was this doc.

And that gets people to click right there. And I do put it, like free download below also to just kind of state how they can get this document. And that's where they go to that page, learn about the document and then download.

So just recapping or showing what they want. We're calling out specifically what they want, the visuals, and then we're leveraging curiosity after we introduced the solution for them to figure out more about this particular solution, learn a little bit about the solution. I did not want to bore them in the creative going too much in detail about the solution and blah, blah, blah, blah, educational stuff.

Cause all I really want to do is show their desired state and how I got that desired state. The how is this document. And if they want to learn more about this document, all they can do is click the link below and you can do this exactly the same thing with your e-com product.

So same thing, but again, show people what they want. That's their desire. Drive curiosity to get people to click.

Do not spend a lot of time educating. That is where the sales page is for the sales page. You can go a little bit of educational stuff about how this document will change their life, how they can deploy this document to their business.

And then all our goal with an ad is to get our ideal customer curious enough to click again, ideal customer, ideal customer to click. That's all we want. And then we want to take things a step further with visuals, right?

Like I could have easily done a video, just kind of talking about it like this, which technically I did right here and it didn't really work well. Then I did another version and it still didn't work well at all because I was too focused on my voice and like visuals of me, which no one gives a fuck about people believe what they see, not what they hear. So if I show the results and stuff that I got and all I have to use was this document, that's a lot more believable than me just talking to a camera.

Then this other one right here, this one was just showing the document. People have no clue what the fuck this document is going to do for them. This actually connects to their desired state.

So connect to their desired state based off what they want, then introduce the solution of how they got there. Don't spend too much time educating on the solution. We'll use that for the sales page to go deeper into the solution and you know, more of the educational side for that.

So hopefully this helps you out, gives you a little more clarity. What makes a winning ad? If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe and for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, I specifically help Shopify store owners between a hundred, 250 K a month in revenue. And if you want to be mentored by me, click link below, have Nick Theriot mentor you, or have a monthly mentoring program, ideally for brands between a 30 K to a hundred K a month. And then if you want my Facebook ads course, which is more for like the zero to 30 K a month, where I go into all the marketing fundamentals, psychology and things like that, you need to deploy into your business.

All those links can be found below. Thank y'all for watching. Talk to you guys later.

Peace out.