What's going on guys? Nick here. Welcome back to the channel.

It's pretty cool news. I just recently crossed over about $18,000 in Facebook ad spend that I personally managed and spent and I want to come there and create a video kind of going over everything I've learned about Facebook ads. Hopefully kind of show you all the mistakes I made and that way you can kind of you know people who are just starting maybe are running Facebook ads maybe kind of curve you know the learning curve.

So I just want to show you everything that I've learned over this time what to do what not to do. I kind of found Facebook ads and started running Facebook ads back in October 2015 same time as when I started my first business and I was looking at that time I was looking for a cheap way to scale. And advertise my business so Facebook ads was very pleasing to me or because you could literally sell for like $5 a day and you could promote your business.

So to me it was very ideal and I got into it and it served me very well. Facebook ads is my primary advertisement source and it's pretty much allowed me to quit my job and go do entrepreneurship you know being a business owner everything like that full time. So I'm very thankful for the opportunity I've had with Facebook ads and I want to kind of show you guys everything I've learned.

So let's hop on this bike. Alrighty guys so it looks like we made it to my computer. Make sure this is working.

I kind of just filmed this whole video already and it came out like a 30 minute long video. I was doing like the whiteboard kind of bouncing back and forth with ads manager but look it seemed really confusing and stuff so I kind of want to make this video quick straight to the point with actionable stuff. This video is not for someone who doesn't even know how to use like who really isn't tech savvy.

But of all the ideas I talked about it's super easy by just searching you know YouTube. I'm going to talk real quick about split testing and it's super easy just going YouTube real quick how you know to split test Facebook ads. And there's tons of different videos on it.

I mean look at that. So everything I'm talking about you're going to be able to find fairly simple. Just open up YouTube.

There's tons of videos. But you know if I come break down and show you how to do everything in this video it means to be a 40 minute 50 minute video. I kind of want to break down the topics that allowed me to get to this point.

I don't really get to this point but what I've learned. And again you know if I haven't made it clear already I don't make this I'm not making this video to show off or you know say anything. I mean $18,000 in reality in the Facebook ad spend area is nothing.

This ain't shit at all. This like really it's true. This this is not nothing.

There's companies out there that spent $18,000 in a day in Facebook ads. So this is nothing at all compared to with other companies are spending. There is people out there who know a lot more to me in the Facebook ad area.

But I'm just kind of using this to document my journey from starting off you know at $1 to where I'm at now or where to where I spent now of what I've learned so far. And obviously it's going to be a few more things than you know say if someone started today. But then again there's still a lot more that I do not know.

You know especially there's e-commerce experts out there spending you know millions a year in Facebook ads and making 10x that. So anyway let's jump into it. It's just kind of a screenshot.

This is the one I posted yesterday on Facebook. Just kind of the ad accounts. Ran my first ad back in October 2015.

And then since then of May 16th 2018. A few clients right here I've ran for. And just a few little test accounts right here.

Just actually kind of recent. But that's so far what's all going on with that. And you know before we start everything I want to kind of talk about is make sure ads Facebook ads first in general is right for your business.

So Facebook ads is disruptive advertising. So it's trying to get in front of your face. You know no one's really searching for it.

It just pops up in front of you. So you have to be very clever with your copy, your brand awareness, everything like that. Versus say Google AdWords.

So if I was a tow truck business or a business that's like you know a business that's like on demand like that. Like a tow truck business. You know I'm not going to just open a Facebook and wait for a tow truck ad to jump in front of me.

So if it's a business that you know it doesn't really have to be sold. You don't really have to sell people on it. You know go with Google AdWords.

You're going to get better results. You can get results faster. But if you're a business you know you're trying to sell like products and stuff that works amazing.

Especially if it's not like niche products. So if like I want a kitchen knife and then you go buy one on Facebook because mine broke. I'm going to go on Google.

So use Google AdWords. But say if it's like you know we do a ceramic coating for vehicles on my detailing business. We come there and you know we have to sell people on the coating first.

It's not like you know oh yeah I want to get that done today on higher price products. Facebook ads work a little better because you can retarget people over time and sell people on it over time and get results. So make sure add Facebook ads for your business.

If your business is like I said toe trick business something that's on the main like that. Go with Facebook ads. You know Google AdWords.

If it's something that's you know higher niche. Something that's not someone's going to search for. Or you know you kind of want to excel and convince people on.

Then go with Facebook ads. And that's the way to go. So my own experience though I recommend testing both and seeing which one gets you better results.

So for say a 30 month a six I mean a 30 day 60 day and 90 day period. So number one ads manager stop using the boost to post. I see too many people that are still using boost to post.

I know it's easy. I mean you come there you open up your Facebook page. You click boost post.

Fill out your credit card information. You target you know the region of where you want to target. And then you come there and you know say males or females or both.

From like 18 to 34 or 18 to 65. Plus you know you fill out a few little basic interests. So stop using boost to post.

You can get such better results. Fads manager because you can see all the data and everything. You can reference you know cross reference data and stuff like that.

It offers a wider range of tools and availability for your business. Simply go to business.facebook.com to create a you know business account. Load your Facebook pages to it.

Create your ad accounts and stuff. And you're going to get a wider range of tools specifically for ads and stuff. And you can get better results.

It's going to take some time. Take some learning period. You're not going to get immediate results because as you learn you're going to know more.

So next biggest thing is split testing. This was a game changer to my career. So I used to fall in love with ads.

You know I would take a picture or something. I would find a picture. I'm like oh I really love this picture.

I think it's going to perform great on Facebook. So and I would literally just take that one picture. Post it on the Facebook page.

And this is before I started using the ads manager. I would just boost post like $20 today or something like that. And you know if it didn't convert it.

It's going to be like damn you know market's bad today or something like that. So I would just you know I wouldn't really dig deeper. Split testing is huge because every single little thing you do.

Just starting you know starting a copy which is the text in an ad. Just starting the copy of one different word could mean the difference between a 30 and 40 percent conversion rate on an ad. So split testing is huge.

Test different pictures. Test different videos. Test different audiences.

You know test different platforms. You know with the ads manager and stuff you can run ads on Facebook or Instagram or both directly from Facebook ads manager. So you can run ads to Instagram.

Test both different platforms. You know test everything you can because you never know. You know you're basically one split test away from you know huge explosion in your business.

So you might run an ad. Might do horrible. And you might not know about that.

And then all of a sudden by just changing a picture you might get huge jump in traffic. So what I like to do is to come there and create one ad set. And I you know fill up that ad set with six different ads.

So an ad set it's basically like campaign. It's the top level. Then there's ad set.

And then which is like your you can test different audiences. And then there's ads which is the creative the copy in the picture. So what I like to do is I create one ad set with an audience.

It's just kind of like a neutral audience. And then I go into that ad set and create six different creative ads. So different videos text and whatnot.

And then I come there and duplicate that ad set with those pictures and stuff in it. Two times. And I change up the audiences on each one.

So I'm testing you know at the end of the day I'm testing 18 different ads at once. With three different ad sets. And what this does is it comes there and allows me to quickly find the audience I need to go for.

Also allows me to see what ad is getting the most attention. And I kill everything else. And then just scale up from there.

And I like to kind of run it. Yeah about 48 hours 72 hours. And I kill all the losers.

So this may require more testing depending on your business and your expertise. You might even come there and test longer. Sometimes I'll test ads for about a week.

It just kind of depends on what I'm going for. So split testing. Huge.

Highly recommend it. It was a game changer for me. So once you go, you split testing down.

Get your ad manager down. You kind of start breaking down to audiences that you engage with. Or you run ads to.

Highly recommend Facebook allows you to create custom audiences. Highly recommend to create an audience for like your page. People have engaged to the page.

So that way if you're posting content consistently on the page. Even though it's not getting much. Still people singing and stuff.

Still keeping you in their minds. And then when you create like, you know, ads. You can retarget specifically people who've engaged with your page.

So it's going to be a very, very small audience. But it's going to be a very warmer audience. Then say if it's a cold audience.

And you're just going out and trying to sell to. Also you can create ads for people who visit your website. If you have the Facebook pixel installed.

Which I highly recommend going to search. You know, on Google. Facebook pixel.

And how to install it. And just watch all the videos you can on the Facebook pixel. It's super powerful.

So say if someone goes look at your service page on your website. You can add an ad that's delivered to their timeline on Facebook. Saying, you know, why'd you leave?

Why didn't you purchase? Why, you know, come back? And especially if you have like ads at cart and stuff like that too.

Works really good. Also you can create ads for people who watch specific time period of a video. So say if you launch a brand awareness campaign with like a video.

It's like a minute long. You know, you can retarget people who watch that whole video. Because obviously if they watch that whole video.

They're pretty interested in what you got going on. Or they know a little bit more about your business. So audiences and retargeting is huge with Facebook ads.

And it's very powerful for your business. Next thing. Just kind of the easiest campaign to get results.

So if you're trying to get results with Facebook. It's literally just what I just said. You know, launch a brand awareness campaign.

Come there. And, you know, do like a video. Videos work the best.

That just kind of shows off like your business. You know, kind of like what's the key product you're trying to sell. Is what I work best.

So for the details and business. And do the marketing part and everything. And run.

We'll launch like a brand awareness campaign. That's like the results we deliver. With a ceramic coating.

And then we retarget the people who have engaged with the ads. With, you know, get a free quote. And then people get a free quote.

They get put into a whole email marketing system. And then over time we nurture those leads. And then we close a lot more deals over time.

Than just say, hey, here's the ram coating. You know, this is how much it costs. This works a lot better.

Not letting ads run is another huge thing I see people doing. They come there and they set a budget. So like $20 for three days.

And after that budget is finished. They're like, okay, what ads run now? Set your ads with a daily.

To run continuously. With a daily budget. So $5 a day.

Now, it will require you some work. And if you forget about it, you're going to be very upset. When you have a huge deal from Facebook ads.

But, you know, set a daily budget. For like $5 a day. And let's just let that run.

And as you get results and stuff. You can scale it. You know, you can learn with ads.

The keel. Because they're not doing good. So split testing.

And then you can start scaling. You know, 20% a day. Or 20% over time as your results.

That's a whole other video. But there's a lot of, again, you know, how to scale Facebook ads. There's a lot of videos on that as well.

So, using more than one call to action. I see this all the time in creative and copy and stuff. You know, I see a lot of business owners that are like, you know, talk to a lot of business owners that are like, Well, you know, I see you have the website link in it to the page.

But can you also put our phone number? And also tell them where we live or our business is located. Oh, and also put our, you know, tell them to call us too if they don't want to click on the website.

Oh, and also put our email. Like, put one specific call to action. If you want people to click on your website to view your product, then just have that link in there.

If you want people to call you, put just your phone number in there. If you want people to come visit your physical location of business, put just your address in there and say, Come stop by. You know, and you can run that ad specifically just during your time, business time period.

So, don't do more than one call to action. It's buyer psychology. Too much will confuse people.

If you make people think at all, your conversion rates are going to suffer and you can get poor results. So, just a quick little tip. And this is kind of pretty much it for it.

Guaranteed way to fill with Facebook, guys. This is probably the biggest things I've learned over time. All the big, you know, marketers use it.

Not setting up landing pages. Oh, my God. I cannot stand people who do not set up a landing page and just link it directly to their website with a product.

I mean, I do it here and there, too, depending on the scenario. But 95% of the time, I'm using a landing page and acquiring emails. So, the thing with Facebook ads is, you know, you probably spend about $4 or $5, you know, on getting a lead in.

Depending on your business, you know, average local business probably not that much. If you're in a very niched store or niched area, such as like breast augmentation, where it's like $80 a lead, you know, it's going to be different. But for average business, that's, you know, everyone uses probably $4 or $5 a lead.

So, set up your landing pages and remarket the hell to those leads. Follow up with those leads. Not enough people are following up and it's suffering their results.

Make sure you're retargeting people. You know, again, talked about the split testing and the retargeting audiences and stuff. Make sure you are retargeting people because they're already warmed up to you.

So, retarget them with an offer, get them into your system and remarket to them. Make sure you're split testing. Never fall in love with an ad.

And, you know, let your ads run, acquire the data, and never boost posts. You're guaranteed to fail with Facebook ads if you're just boosting posts. Dig deep into the data.

That's how you get results with Facebook ads. That's what allowed me. It was a game changer when I learned about that.

I was just like, wow, I'm doing horrible, you know. So, with Facebook ads, that's kind of the biggest ways. Dig deep into the data.

And, yeah. Look, guys. Highly recommend.

Hope you help. Highly recommend just kind of going through this video a few times. Taking some of these bullet points and stuff from the slides.

And then, you know, maybe go and search them and research them on YouTube. I'm going to create more videos around it and stuff. But this is just kind of like a few little things that, you know, every time I think about, you know, everything I've learned.

This is what I kind of put down. And really it was game, like each one of these was like a game changer for me. You know, I wasn't, when I started running Facebook ads, I was just boosting posts.

I wasn't split testing. I was falling in love with ads. I wasn't using my audiences correctly.

You know, I was literally running with just a product and how much it costs and to a cold audience. So, you know, create that brand awareness first. Get those people warmed up for you.

Then put that offer in front of them. You know, I wasn't letting my ads run. I was like, oh, look, I'm going to run this ad for, you know, $20.

I just want a budget of $20 for this ad. I'm going to let it run for five days. So, you know, make the little ads run.

I was using more than one call to action. You know, I always had my phone number, calls now. You know, I had like our address and stuff.

Like, you know, this is all stuff that I've learned. That was a huge game changer to me. And, again, I'm nowhere near to what people are spending right now in e-commerce or in these businesses.

But, you know, for a local business, I'm spending $400 or $500 a month in Facebook ads. You know, this is all definitely stuff that was huge and can help your business out. So, guys, thank you all for watching.

Have a good day. Thank you.