When do you turn a Facebook ad off in 2024? Today, I'll be answering the dying questions of Nick, how do I optimize my Facebook ads? When do I turn a campaign off?

When do I turn an ad set off? When do I turn an ad off? So with that being said, let's dive into it.

So first off for campaign level, I never turn a campaign off. I like, you know, like when I dive in an account and I take over an ad account from someone else and I'm running the campaign now, I'll usually turn off their campaigns and just off my one campaign. But I do a one campaign structure.

Now, again, it's also one campaign per business objective. So from here, all I'm doing is creating one campaign per country. Or like, let's say, for example, I have one campaign for my female collection and one campaign for my men's collection per country as well.

So that's the two routes I'm going right there. But for the most part, I try to keep it down to one campaign per female collection, male collection, or country. If I'm advertising in three different countries with a female and male collection in each of those countries, I'm gonna have six campaigns.

All right. I'm also using CBO as well. So now it's called Advantage Campaign Budget when you're creating a new campaign.

And I'm also using standard campaigns. I'm not using Advantage Plus campaigns. I'm not using Advantage Plus audiences as well as those prioritize a little bit more on the middle funnel, the funnel side.

And I want a good mix of all. So that's why I do regular. Yeah.

And all I'm doing here is increasing or decreasing the budget of that campaign. 20% up, 20% down, just depending on the previous three days of results. Now, the only time we turn a campaign off is essentially when that business objective is no longer valid.

So for example, if we're spending in New Zealand and all of a sudden it's like, hey, we need to stop spending in New Zealand, then guess what? We're gonna go turn New Zealand off. Very simple.

Now, next thing is the ad set level. So we're leveraging right now where basically we have like one main ad set and then we have like DCTs is where we test new creatives and everything. Now, some of you guys also know I don't really transition the DCT anymore to the main ad set, but that's like a whole nother video and everything like that.

But we still have the main ad set on because it's still generating results. I'm just not gonna go turn those off. I'm just not moving DCTs over into that main ad set next.

But the main ad set, we pretty much just never turn off for the accounts that have it. And then the DCT ad sets, we turn those off based upon the conditions I'm about to show you guys next. So again, DCT, if you're new to this, this is essentially where and I have a lot of videos on the channel explaining this.

If you look at all my 2024 content, I show you guys the strategy. I show you how we set it up. I show you how we scale up and down and stuff like that.

All in those videos. But for the DCT, all that is essentially is a new ad set, broad targeting. Everything's broad targeting.

I don't do any audiences. I don't do any interest. I don't do any retargeting audiences or anything like that.

I create a new DCT. And then a DCT is, is a normal ad set with dynamic creative turned on. And then we upload three creatives, two body copies, two headlines.

Those three creatives being all video or all photo. You can have multiple ad sets or multiple DCTs in the campaign, some video, some photo. And then one of those copies is a winner.

One of those copies is new. One of the headlines is new. One of the headlines is existing.

Now show you guys some examples here. So let's say right here, we scheduled 116 to run starting on May 12th. And here you can see right here, 116.

I know it might be a little small on your screen, but we started that on May 12th. And after three, three days of the DCT being alive, it did not create a significant impact on the business. So we turned it off.

What is a significant impact? A significant impact means that that ad set is getting a large amount of spin. It's dropping overall CPA or improving overall ROAS to the business to where we can spin more or we're just hitting our goal essentially with that level of spin now.

So you can see right here, here's another one. 123. This is our DCT ad set.

We launched it on May 16th. And after literally a day or two, it started taking majority of spin. You see right here, majority of spin.

116, not taking majority of spin. 123, taking majority of spin. This is what majority of spin looked like.

And it positively impacted the overall business. Our triple L saw an increase in profits. Our CPA overall dropped.

So guess what? We can start scaling this campaign. And here's just another example of what it looked like three days before we launched that DCT 123.

You can see they just had other shit that just wasn't working. And then boom, that 123 took off. May 13th through May 15th.

May 16th through May 18th. You can see 123 took off. Here's the original.

May 12th through May 14th. 116, barely getting any spin. I don't care about spin.

Facebook will tell me what works at scale based off how much Facebook spends on it. That's it. So here's how we do it.

In chart, we're scheduling a DC to go live at midnight. Today is currently January 11th at 10 a.m. So I would schedule this to go live at Friday, 12 a.m.

January 12th. If I want to launch a DCT, all right? And then basically I'm letting it be active for three days.

Now, with that being said, I have been starting to do more seven days for accounts spending less than like $1,000 a day. So for all other smaller accounts, like below $1,000 a day, I do two DCTs for every like seven days. All right.

So just to give you guys a little heads up on that. Now, if it doesn't get a lot of spin, that makes it not a good asset. And what I mean by that, that means the creatives you gave it did not perform well.

I don't look at it. Oh, well, DCT didn't work. No, it's not the DCT didn't work.

It's your fucking creatives that did not work. Just being very simple with you guys. If he gets a lot of spin and CPA tanks for the business, turn it off.

So you see right here, 123 took overall spin. Like the CPA is actually not that great in ads manager, but in the backend for triple L, the overall performance was significantly better. So because of that, we left it on.

If it was tanking in the backend, even though it's getting all the spin, I'm gonna turn it off because it's not impacting the business positively. And then same thing here, where 116 did not get a lot of spin. You know, it's been a hundred dollars over three or four days and the whole campaign's been almost two grand top.

Oh, well, Nick, I didn't get a lot of spin. It can't statistically say that it's not, blah, blah. I'm like, I don't give a fuck.

Like, I really do not care at all. Like the way I look at it is, okay, cool. Facebook had the opportunity to spin on this and it could have easily spin more.

Well, guess what? It didn't because the creatives I created and gave to Facebook were trash. How do I know they were trash?

Because it didn't work. And guess what? So that was 116.

This is 123, like two, three weeks later. And 123, we launch. And within a day or two, it takes off majority of spin.

Why? Because it was good performing creatives and it took off and did well. And it improved the overall business.

And this particular account now does, I think what, like 70, 80K a day now in revenue since we took over this account. So just want to be clear on that real quick. Now, if it gets a lot of spin and CPA for the business, the state is the same or improves, leave it on.

So if like, for example, 123 right here, it's working well. So all I'm doing is leaving 123 on. It's working well.

I'll move it to the main ad set, but I'm still gonna leave 123 on. That's how I'm doing it now. Like I'm moving it to a wing ad set, but am I gonna go turn off 123?

No. Why? Because it's getting majority of spin and it's positively impacting the business.

It's making my clients more money. And because we're on profit share of all of our clients, it's making us more money too. So why do I want to go break everything and turn it off and force it to go to main ad set?

Why? There's no reason to. And then the next thing it's, well, Nick, what DC, what image or video one in that 123?

I don't care. I simply don't care. Like it's getting majority of spin for it.

So why do I care? Now from a perspective of like, hey, I want to improve my next creative batch. I fully understand that.

So what you can do is you go to the ad level, which I'll just scroll real quick. Go to ad level right here. Click on this little breakdown tab.

And then when you click on the breakdown tab, you can look all the way at the bottom and it'll say like dynamic creative element. Click on dynamic creative element. And then you can choose like video or like, like what image or video worked, what copy worked and stuff like that.

And you can get a little bit more data from it. Just make sure you look at what worked at scale. I see too many people do that.

And like, well, Nick, I found an image. It got like $5 in spend with a 20X ROAS because it got one little purchase. And then the other one got $1,000 in spend with a 2X ROAS.

So why did it spend on the one that didn't perform? It's like, oh no, it performed all right. It's just, it got so little spend.

You got one lucky sell on it. And that's why. That's why I look, I always look at things with the most spend.

That's what's significant for me. That's what can impact the business or not. It's what spends more at a certain performance.

The likelihood of that 20X ROAS getting $2,000 in spend and holding that is one to none. It's extremely low possibility right there. I've never personally seen it before.

Okay. All right. And then let's say, I don't know, it may be like we run a DCT and it's about a day and a half in and performance is tanking.

Cause I usually always try to let it like 24 hours go. There's been some very rare cases where like we launched the DCT and we had to turn off the same day because performance just tanked really bad. But for the most part, I try to let the DCT run for, you know, a day, day and a half, even at bad performance.

If it's significantly bad, then there's been rare times where it's a cut off in the same day. Now the ad level, this is where we're going to start talking about more of the main ad set where we put all of our main ads and stuff like that. And again, look, I have videos on YouTube channel.

If you go look at Facebook ad strategy, 2024 to run, how to test Facebook ad creatives, you know, how to run Facebook ads in 2024. Those are all three videos that goes in depth about these topics of how to structure these things. So I pretty much just leave the main ad set on or the winner's ad set.

I pretty much just leave all the ads on. Very rarely I'm going to turn ads off in here. And the reason why it's because we'll see people let's go turn off ads that are not performing, like high spending ads not performing.

You turn those off. And then like these low to mid spending ads are like, oh, those are really great ROAS. Let's force more spend to those, you know?

And what essentially happens here is that Facebook spends more on those, but they do not work well at scale. And it just blows up performance even worse. So it's like, if we're not hitting KPIs, if we're not hitting CPA or cost per purchase, ROAS, whatever particular goal that our client has established for us or we establish for ourselves, it usually it's better to operate at that five to 10% deficiency or inefficiency for a little while until we can find new winning ads versus start turning things off and trying to force optimization, making a lot of noise to feel good about ourselves that we're taking action and stuff like that.

And I typically see even worse, you know, 20, 30% inefficiencies on that right there. We're just technically fucks up performance even more than already was right there. So that's why I try to like leave a lot of ads on and I always try to beat existing ads.

My goal with testing the new ad is to essentially beat the existing best performing ad. That is my goal right there. And yeah, guys, that's how you can get more stability and performance.

And that's pretty much how you optimize Facebook ads when to turn Facebook ads off in 2024. What we follow, what my media buyers not follow. If you wanna learn how to scale Facebook ads, how I actually increase and decrease budget, go look at the video, how to scale Facebook ads in 2024.

If you wanna learn strategy and structure and all that I use, I have a lot of videos. Just go look at my recent videos. I've been diving deep in all of this for you guys.

Ooh, that was about to be bad. All of that is going into 2024, helping you guys get set up right for success in 2024. So thank you all so much for watching.

If you're interested in me running your ads, click the link below, have Nick Terrier run your ads. If you're interested in monthly mentoring with me, click the link below, have Nick Terrier mentor you. And if you just want a one-off course that you can just purchase and go with, I have a course below, Nick's Facebook ad course.

So thank you for watching. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.