Which attribution software should you use with Facebook ads in 2003? Which one is the best? Which one is the most accurate?

Oof, guys, got a, got a, got a interesting one for you guys today. So before we jump into this, but you're questioning like, hey, like why am I crudled to be teaching these types of things? We're in a Facebook ads agency, coach mentor students.

I've done over $80 million in sales for clients with Facebook ads. And yeah, look, hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And let's dive into this video. So I get this question all the time. Hey, Nick, have you used Triple L?

Or hey, Nick, have you used Hyros? Or hey, Nick, have you used Click Magic? Or, you know, hey, Nick, have you used, like, I don't know, like Red Track, Red Tube?

I don't know what you guys are talking about. But look, I get all these questions about these attribution softwares. And like, people are like, yo, Nick, which one's better?

And, you know, I tried Triple L, Triple L sucks. And quite frankly, I'm tired of seeing this shit because quite frankly, it does not matter. And, you know, to be honest with you guys, a lot of the, you know, the tracking and, you know, we used to do with Triple L.

We just quite frankly don't use it like we used to. We used to be super, super, like, deep down. Like, this ad got a point, you know, a 4.0 ROAS.

This ad got a 3.5. But Triple L is saying a 2x. We need to turn it off.

And I don't know. Just, there's a funny thing about attribution softwares. This is because if Facebook ROAS shows higher than Triple L, well, Triple L is wrong.

But if Triple L shows higher than Facebook, Facebook is wrong. So, the first problem a lot of people have is that they don't know how to use these attribution softwares correctly. Because they're consistently going with either Facebook or the attribution software based off which one shows a higher ROAS.

And that's the first problem a lot I have with these softwares is that people aren't using it correctly. You have to pick one. And regardless of what the other one says, you stick with those numbers.

So, we're a big fan of Triple L. We're a big fan of HiROs. And we're also a big fan of Wicked Reports.

They all have their individual cases. And I'll explain in this video. But the second thing I want to talk about is that attribution softwares aren't really important.

They do not really do anything. And they don't really impact performance in the way you think they should. Or at least from how we run our accounts.

90% of our accounts, we have one campaign in it. One campaign. It's a CBO campaign.

And we look at, you know, that CBO campaign. Let's say, for example, we're spending 12K right now, one account right now. We have CBO campaign for $12,000 a day.

We have our main ad set for winning ads. And then we have like two or three other ad sets we're currently testing in that particular campaign itself. And the thing about this is that if one of those ad sets get more spin because Facebook has identified that particular ad set.

Not ad set. A set. A set.

A set. Gets more spin because it's a better asset. A set.

Because it's a better asset, that ad set, A-D set, will, you know, get more spin. Because the assets we added, the creative, the copy is better. And Facebook has identified that's a solid performer.

So now I'm looking at, all right, hey, if we're dominantly spinning on Facebook and Facebook is creating the largest impact and performance. And look, to be honest, guys, even if you're spinning on Google, Facebook is still creating the biggest impact and performance. Because Google, like every account I audit, Google is doing like retargeting, remarketing, and branded search words, which are all dependent on the success of Facebook.

So Facebook doesn't matter. I mean, Google, ROAS doesn't matter. The only time these other things would matter if you're like spending a shitload on TikTok, like, you know, maybe one-to-one with Facebook.

And I've never seen an account yet where TikTok is spending more than 10% of what Facebook is spending. So dominantly, y'all still are spending dominant on Facebook, at least, you know, maybe 60% to 80% of your budget. And these other platforms are benefiting from the success of Facebook due to, you know, just you're pulling in a lot of cold people and bring them to your website.

They're doing more Google searches and all that good stuff right there. But the reason why an attribution software doesn't matter is because if that asset, that ad set gets more spin and takes off that campaign, which what we want. Now, I'll show you guys an example of what that looks like right here.

So you can see right here is our main ad set. And then we launched, let's see. Yeah, we launched these other ad sets, ad sets over May 13th through May 15th.

They didn't perform at all. They just kind of got a little spin. That's it.

But then, and we can also see our overall NCCPA. So the second thing I'm getting to, we monitor everything by NCCPA. New customer cost per acquisition.

How much does it cost you to acquire a new customer? Now, when an ad set takes off, you can see like 123 right here. You can see that's a $29 cost per purchase.

We were getting a $28 cost per purchase. Well, Nick, that's terrible. It's actually not performing better.

But look at taking off. It fucking took all the spin. It's doing amazing.

He loaded some really good assets. Ass sets. Assets.

And it's, and guess what? Our NCCPA dropped by $31 or down to $31. It literally went from $39 to $31.

And we're using this. This is triple well, but we're not using the attribution functionality of it. Because this Facebook is spending dominantly all the budget for this account.

It's like all Facebook. So this particular account taking all the spin. We had this one particular ad set that took off doing phenomenal.

And it's impacting overall performance. I don't need an attribution software to tell me anything in this case. If I'm running the account like this, where it's one campaign, I'm just launching a new ad set.

It's a CBO. New ad set. The ad set takes off.

Cool. The ad set doesn't take off. Cool.

I'm turning it off. Why do I need an attribution software? It does nothing for me.

And it took me a while to realize this. So now we judge everything just by overall. Like we'll still take a look.

We still have triple well installed. We still have the tracking code installed. Don't get me wrong.

But we're not making decisions based off those levels. We're making decisions based off what takes off, what impacts overall performance, and which impacts our NCCPA. If we launch an ad set, and maybe it gets, you know, maybe like a smaller portion of spin right here.

But overall, NCCPA drops down significantly. Then cool. Well, we launched something that impacted overall NCCPA.

So you can look around for some variety of tools to help you out with NCCPA to actually like produce that. But all that basically is just taking your new customer orders coming into Shopify and then dividing that by ad spend to see, you know, how much you spent to acquire each one of those customers. I'm looking at overall because quite frankly, Facebook helps Google.

It helps email marketing and it helps. Well, I wouldn't say it helps TikTok, but it helps email marketing and helps Google. So if Google and email marketing substantially improve, that's also going to improve your overall NCCPA.

But it was going to be byproducts of Facebook being better for the business. So, you know, I posted on Twitter, if I have one campaign in that account, campaign budget optimization one, and judging creative tests based on what gets majority of spend and impacts overall business NCCPA. Assuming Facebook's majority in spender, do you really need an attribution tool?

And when it comes down to what attribution software is the best? Yes. Don't get me wrong.

Shopify. I love Triple L. That's my favorite.

Hyros for ClickFunnels only. And then Wicked Reports for everything else. That's what we know and love and what we like to do.

Why? That's just personal preference. That's, you know, their UI interface and stuff like that.

I personally prefer Hyros when it's just like one thing, like one product, like a landing page, like a sales funnel or something like that. You know, like a ClickFunnels sales funnel. Whereas Wicked Reports, I kind of like that more for like multiple products and like an e-commerce store, like a WooCommerce site.

Again, just a better UI interface for those specific needs. And then Triple L for Shopify, hands down my favorite due to all the data and analytics and stuff like that, that it brings to the table. But let's say you can't afford the four.

I think Triple L starts off at like four or $500 a month now. Maybe $300 a month. Let's say you can't afford the $300 a month or $400 a month for Triple L, which is the cheapest.

Because I think Hyros is like almost close to $1,000. I think Wicked Reports says $600. What if you can't afford that?

Then don't worry about it. Because quite frankly, if you're looking at your overall revenue to spend and you're looking at which ad set that takes off impacts performance the most. That's how you know that that particular ad set did the greatest impact into performance.

And when you look at it from that, what had the greatest impact in performance? What took all the spend? What is doing the most work in the account?

Quite frankly, an attribution software is just not needed. Because all an attribution software is going to do is confirm what you already know. And you already know.

It's overall revenue took off because the new ad set got a bunch of spend and now overall revenue is doing amazing. Or a new ad set took off and overall revenue is tanking. And guess what?

What do you think I'll turn off that ad set? That's it. There's no need for an attribution software to further tell me something I already know.

Now, if you're doing $10 a day creative test and you're doing like my old method where it's just one ad set, like a couple different ad sets. And they all have like a $10 to $20 a day budget. And then you have another campaign for a few hundred dollars a day.

And that's your scaling campaign. You need an attribution software. Why?

Because you have so many little things going on. You can't determine what created the biggest impact in the business. Simple as that.

So, which attribution software is the best? Again, we personally prefer Triple L for Shopify, high-risk for ClickFunnels, and Wicked Reports for everything else. But at the end of the day, it's not needed.

It's just, it's not needed. It's cool to have, but it's not needed to be successful. Do I still recommend my clients get on it?

Yes. Because of the other functionalities that, for example, Triple L has with lifetime value of customer. Show me common product bundles.

Show me NCCPA. Show me returning to existing customer split. Or new customer to existing customer split.

Quite a few other reporting things outside of attribution. That's why I love Triple L for Shopify specifically. Wicked Reports and Hiro's also do the same thing, which is also really good.

But you can also probably find some cheaper softwares that just give you that reporting functionality of NCCPA, you know, lifetime value and stuff like that. I think Lifetimely does that potentially. I haven't personally used it, so I'm just giving you guys an idea to go research it.

Those are some other things that, you know, could potentially help you out from there. So, yeah, guys. Thank you all so much for watching.

Make sure to like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace. Peace.

Peace. Peace.