Have you ran a sell before on your Shopify store? We offered like 20% off discount for a period of time and sells were absolutely amazing. And then all of a sudden you turn the sell off and boom, performance hits the bed.

Well, today I'm gonna be talking about why performance drops after running a sell and kind of digging deeper into what it is and what you can do to improve things on that side right there. So before I get started, if you don't know who I am, again, my name is Nick Terrio. I run a Facebook ads agency.

We spend roughly 750 to a million dollars a month on Facebook ads. And I make all these videos for you completely for free with the goal of you one day working with my agency and get to the point where you have the opportunity to work with us in that sense right there. So today I really want to go into answering a question I got a couple of weeks back.

Hey Nick, I was running a sell. We were crushing and everything like that. Then I turned the sell off and then performance took a nosedive.

So what can you do to improve things? So the first thing you have to understand is you have to look at it from the dynamics of the sale. Okay.

So first off, your mental behavior is going to get kind of flagged because you're going to notice, let's say for example, you average $2,000 a day in revenue. All right. You've been averaging 2K a day in revenue.

You turn your sell on and all of a sudden you're doing like 4K a day in revenue for a few days and then performance drops because you turn the sell off and now you're seeing 2K days again. Okay. So you will play, it plays a little mental fuckery with you for a little bit.

Sorry. Just to let you guys know about that. So that's the first thing.

All right. Just the mental of noticing higher numbers to lower numbers. So that's the first question you ask yourself.

Is performance actually bad or you're just used to seeing this and now you turn the sell off and then boom. Okay. And that's totally okay.

Because a sell, we don't run sells often. We only run sells, you know, maybe once a quarter, sometime once a month. And it's not our go-to because we only believe sells are only when they need to be used.

And we'll talk about that in a second too as well. Okay. So that's the first thing.

All right. Now, the second thing is you also have to look at it from the consumer behavior. Okay.

So for example, when you run a sell, all right, and if you have just a single one-time product, things like that, where it's like, boom, you purchase and that's it. There's no LTV or anything like that. You won't really notice too much of a crazy difference.

But if you, if you have a product with a really good LTV and people are coming back every day and purchasing and yada, you know, things like that, what's going to happen is you're going to captivate a large, a large group of your customers to purchase all at once. People are coming back and repeat purchasing and things like that. So what's going to happen is, is that it's going to kind of delay, you know, it's going to kind of clean your bucket dry of people that are coming back and purchasing.

Okay. So what that means is you're going to have a large group of people that purchase all at once, clean your bucket dry, and then you can start advertising again. And then like all that was low hanging fruit were pretty much chopped with the sale.

And that's basically to go with a sale is to get all the people that are on the verge to purchase at once and then boom. All right. Second thing is from a Facebook ads perspective.

All right. Let's say for example, during a sale, you have like a 2% or, you know, during regular hours of business, no sell, you have a 2% conversion rate. You're running a sale for 30% off.

They have like a 3% to 4% conversion rate. When you're running your Facebook ads now, Facebook is all of a sudden starting to notice performance is a lot up. You know, fair.

Facebook looks at bid, exclamation, X estimated action rate. Okay. So like there's a, that's the algorithm.

So if, if it was getting a 2% conversion rate, it's going to maintain that. All right. Now all of a sudden it's getting a 4% Facebook.

Like, well, this has done really good. Let's really, you know, push it up. All right.

And Facebook's getting accustomed to that higher conversion rate. Okay. So Facebook thing is doing amazing right now.

All right. This audience is really hot. Then all of a sudden you turn to sell off.

Now all of a sudden it goes back down to 2% conversion rate. And Facebook's like, well, what's going on? The conversion rate shot down and it starts to mess up with the algorithm learning.

Okay. Now, or I can see people in the comments. Well, Nick, do you recommend turning off ads during a sale?

No, I do not. I think that's quite frankly stupid. That's right there because what's going to happen is you will turn your ads off and you make significantly less money.

Okay. It's something that you just have to know will happen and give it 24 to 72 hours to kind of reset. And that's the second thing.

We always tell our clients when we run a sale, the next 72 hours will be bad when you turn things off. Okay. Or we need you to update the site and everything like that.

And look, no clients ever lose money. They just notice a dip in performance. Okay.

So that's just something else like that to look at. So you will have a few oddballs here and there and that's it right there. So we acknowledge that when you run a sale, it gets everyone that's on the fence to purchase from you at once versus spread out over a period of time.

Because, you know, every day you have a few people that purchase from you that are just on the fence that's already been exposed to your brand. And you have a few people that are new to the brand that's purchasing from day one. These people are a lot more expensive than these people right here who have just been on the fence for a while.

And they both balance out each other to get your overall, you know, in me or on a daily basis, your overall robust and that's right there. So you're cleaning your bucket dry. So are you just focused on a new customer acquisition because you're just cleaning everyone out in that sale.

So now you're just building back up that bucket, which takes a few days and that's right there. So that's at least how I look at it. And also too, we know that the algorithm all set now is, is like, Hey, why are we converting less people?

Yada, yada, yada, you know, and it kind of takes a few days for that to like, you know, control down as well. So with that being said, you know, what can you do? Realistically, there's not many options.

Okay. And honestly, doing more will only hurt you because then you start messing with the ad account, launching new stuff. And it's just going to create too much craziness in the account to where you're going to hurt yourself more than like shooting yourself in the foot in that sense right there versus just letting things stable out on its own.

Okay. You let things see a lot on your own. You'll be fine.

Okay. And then secondly, too, is you have to know that all your customers just purchased from a sale. So a great thing we like to do is, all right, hey, you just purchased from our end of season sale.

Okay. Let's just say, for example, it's an end of season sale. We ran this for like five, six days.

All right. Crushed. It's like 23% off.

Okay. What you can do now, and it's a great way to pick up performance is, all right, next week, we're dropping a new batch of items. Okay.

New products come to the store next week and everyone, you can send them like an email. Everyone, because you purchased on our end of season sale, we're automatically including you into a drawing for a free, like $100 gift card. Okay.

For this new drop. All right. Or like you'll get a free, you know, we're putting in the drawings to receive a free product for whatever we're dropping that week.

So in the cell Saturday or Sunday, and then this new product drop is the next Saturday or Sunday and you send an email out. Hey, thank you for purchasing in a season sale. You did a really amazing job.

Now, you know, because of that, we're entering in your drawing for this new product and that's going to get a ton of people hyped up and ready to purchase again from you. That's also really another really cool strategy to look at in that sense right there. So, but yeah, guys, I know this is kind of a short video.

I saw this comment that come up a rise a few times, kind of what to do, what are my thoughts around it? So I thought I'd answer it for you guys. I know you guys, a lot of you guys have experiences as well.

So I just wanted to kind of give you guys my kind of opinion on it and like what's going on in that side right there. So thank you guys so much for watching this video. If you're a business owner doing at least $50,000 to $100,000 a month in revenue and you want to grow to seven figures a month in your revenue, then make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team while I'm going to call it together and we'll break down a strategy for you that you can take and run with it or you have the option to work with us if you choose.

So again, guys, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button. New videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Therrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.