Three reasons why people are not buying from your Facebook ads. Getting these three reasons correct is an absolute must if you want your Facebook ads to convert. With that being said, before we get started, if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio and I run an e-com growth agency.

Create these videos in full transparency with the goal of helping you make more money with your agency or with the goal of helping you make more money with your store. Now, again, make these videos completely free. I have nothing to sell you, but I do have ways I can help you from a consulting standpoint or us actually running your Facebook ads for you.

And you can click the link below to book call for me and my team and we'll go over that with you. Now, with that being said, before we get started with this video, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into the video, guys.

Okay, three reasons why people are not buying from your Facebook ads. So, and today we're gonna go over these particular three reasons. And this is not probably what you typically have seen before.

And that's my goal with this channel is to get you the content you haven't seen from other people. And three core reasons why people don't buy. One is overly complex product.

If your product appears to be too complex, too hard to use, people will say no. Okay, we'll go over an example in a second with that. It's not important enough.

You know, hey, that looks like a really cool product and everything, but I just have no desire to purchase right now. Okay, and I've got a really cool example for that too as well. And then cost too much.

Okay, and this is probably something that everyone is getting before. Cost too much. Hey, this product costs a lot of money.

Okay, how do you overcome that price objection? So, let's go over the first one. What do you do when you have an overly complex product?

Okay, so the goal here when you have an overly complex product is to simplify the perception of that product. This comes down to the terminology you use this versus, you know, if you use really complex words, it might seem, whoa, I don't know what those words are. Too big.

This is really hard to do. Okay, or people might already have a natural image of a perceived product or how it's supposed to be used. And you're going to simplify that image.

So, I'm giving an example. In the book, Breakthrough Advertising, he talks about an ad where they were selling TV kits to fix the TV. Okay, so you purchase this kit.

This is back in like 1960s where TVs were breaking all the time. And you'd purchase this kit to fix your TV yourself. Okay, so when people were hearing that, oh, I purchased this kit of tools to fix the TV yourself.

That sounds really hard, really difficult. Okay, so the first ad sucked that they ran. And what they did was they realized, hey, this is too complicated.

How do we sell the average Joe a kit of tools to fix a TV? So, what they did was as they started to first look deeper into psychology and everything and like, okay, hey, we're selling an average Joe complex product. How do we simplify the perceived view of how this process is used?

So, that way they think they can do it themselves. Okay, and what they did was they completely redid it. Okay, hey, look, your TV works amazing.

You just got off the factory floor, everything like that. And then you start to see these little problems in the TV. Well, these are actually very easy problems to fix.

These problems all come down to just a few minor adjustments to fix the tuning or a few minor adjustments on the TV. Just like a routine maintenance on your car. And taking these simple tools just by tweaking these little things can help your TV, you know, run long and stuff like that.

So, they went from, hey, here's how to fix your TV with these complex tools. They focused more on here's just a few minor adjustments you have to do to your TV to basically be able to keep it running and stuff like that and save a lot of money on repair bills. Okay, so, they simplified in terms of the terminology they're using to make sure that it's easy to understand for the consumer.

And the second thing is they simplified the perceived of like the consumer looking at the ad. They simplified his perceived version of how he's going to use those tools and stuff. And like, you know, how he's going to make these minor adjustments to where it instilled confidence in a consumer they could do it themselves.

So, really dig into your product. Does your product seem complex? If it is complex, how can you simplify it?

You know, dumb it down to basically make it to where anyone can use it and make it easy. Okay. A lot of software has a lot of problems with this because of the software, you know, like Confusionsoft, for example.

Really, really complex product, just very difficult to use. So, a lot of software now is really focused on simplification. Very simple product, simple to use.

And the way they market it is how simple and how effortless you need to use this product. So, how can you really focus on effortless? How effortless is to use this product?

How easy is to use this product? And you can hit on that in the ads. And you can also hit on that in the sales page itself.

You don't necessarily need to just do ads with it. Also, look at your sales page. Okay.

It's also why like demos work really well for a product. Demoing a product and just how easy it is to pick up and use it. The product can also be really effective right there because it simplifies the process and use of that product right there.

So, that's number one. Simplification. You have an overly complex product or an image, overly complex image or product that you need to basically go ahead and overcome in the market.

Now, next one is escalation. Okay. Escalation is really important because escalation comes down to when you don't have an important enough product.

Okay. And if you don't have enough product, guess what? No one's going to buy.

Oh, that's cool. But I have no reason to purchase this. Okay.

I'm going to give you guys a really good example. Okay. We have this one particular client with this metal infinity sign and you put, you know, like one name of the couple in it and the other.

So, like, you know, you put you and your partner's name basically in this infinity sign. Okay. And when we first start pushing this product, you know, we really focus on just the fact of metal infinity sign, put open your wall, put you and your partner's name on it.

That's it. Okay. Oh, cool.

That's cute. But no one was purchasing. Like, we literally could not crack $100 a day of spend or $200 a day of spend.

Okay. So, this kind of goes back again right here to spin. How spin is direct correlation with creative copy and all that.

Okay. So, we could not crack like more than $200 a day of ad spend. So, then what we did was is we realized here there's no reason to buy this product.

There's no demand. There's no, it's not important. It's cool.

It's cute. And it's going to appeal to a certain level of people. But if we need a crossover, a higher level of spend, we need a more reason you have to buy now.

So, ultimately, what worked for us was when we ditched that copy of here's the product, here's what it does. And we just focused on and said, hey, when was the last time you supplied your surprise, your sweetheart? Okay.

This copy allowed us to scale to roughly $2K to $3K a day in ad spend because we appealed to more people in the market. Okay. Now, we're giving people a reason to buy now because people are realizing, oh, fuck, I haven't surprised my sweetheart in a while.

Haven't done anything sweet for him. Haven't gifted him in a while. Then, this is a great gift for them.

So, we create it. We escalate it. The reason why do you need to buy now?

And we gave it more importance in the prospect's eyes. So, look deeper into your product. And you might have to really go ahead and start creating bigger claims in terms of, like, how important?

How can you stress the importance of your product to your consumer's eyes? When you stress that importance more, what's going to happen is it's going to give people more of a reason to buy now. And it's going to allow you to scale higher and increase your ad spend because you have a larger appeal across the market.

So, this is escalation. This is when you need to give more importance to your product for people to purchase now. Now, number three is price reduction.

This is when you get the common, hey, this costs a lot of money. Or, hey, you know, this is too much. Okay.

You see, the reason why people say something about this product costing too much is because they're comparing it to other products of similar nature. Okay. When you compare it to other products of similar nature and you have a more expensive product, then that's when it, you know, you get that, you know, basically, hey, price costs too much.

Okay. So, let's say, for example, I'm selling jeans, men's jeans. I don't know.

The average I pay for men's jeans is about roughly $100 US. I'm not intending that design or shit yet. But if I'm selling jeans at $250, $300 a pop and I'm immediately entering that market of people that's comparing $100 jeans to $200 to $300 pair of jeans.

Okay. And they're like, Nick, that's way too expensive. Okay.

Well, it's expensive because they're comparing it to the $70 to $100 pair of jeans. But then if I change the table, okay, and really dig deeper into making them compare it to other things. Okay.

So, let me explain. Our jeans are made in, I don't know, handmade Los Angeles, California. We have a team of people.

That's not a sweatshop. And they carefully create and stitch every single stitch in this pair of jeans. And the cotton or the material used in this comes from a rare place in New Zealand.

Off the finest fields with the best climate and temperature and things like that. That only can be harvested once a year to deliver an incredibly comfortable pair of jeans. That is unrivaled in terms of, you know, the comfort level, the durability factor.

See what I just did right there? I really focused on the importance of how it was made. How is it a better quality product?

And making it compare it to something completely else now. I'm making them think, wow. Okay.

So, these jeans are handmade. Every stitch is hand sewn. And it comes from a particular cotton that's only found in New Zealand.

It can only be harvested once a year. Because it has the most perfect temperature and climate conditions to deliver a superior fabric. All of a sudden, that $200 to $300 pair of jeans now seems a lot more valuable.

Because of how we got them to compare it to something else. Second way, another example for you guys. I just launched an inner circle group.

Okay. In this inner circle group, I'm only limiting it to 25 people. Okay.

And that's just purely because I want to keep the quality up. Okay. And I'm charging $500 per month to be in it.

Okay. One hour of my time. If you're like, hey, can I purchase an hour of your time?

I charge $500 per hour. Okay. So you can purchase an hour of my time for $500.

Or you can jump in this group and get 24-7 Telegram access to me. And a weekly Q&A call with me and everyone else. You're going to get more of my time in the group than that one hour of time.

So then it becomes a simple, yes, I would easily do that group over the one hour call. Okay. So it's another way.

I'm comparing it to something else. So this is three reasons why people do not buy. And obviously, fixing these things are going to help you improve your Facebook ad performance.

Again, it's not necessarily just in the ads. You need to really hit down on the sales page and ads illustrating these particular things. And you might not have all three of these.

It might just be one of these. Okay. I don't really know your own independent situation.

That's why people join my inner circle. Because they can actually share with me their ads, stuff like that. So, but yeah, really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Again, you know, I give you guys all this content completely for free with you guys. Purely with the intentions of helping you grow your business. And one day you'll get to the point where either A, you need my help in terms of consulting with you.

Or B, us actually running your ads for you. And we run, you know, we've done over $50 million online with Facebook ads. And we'd love to help you help multiple brands scale to seven figures a month.

So click the link below to book a free strategy call with me. And from there, we can go ahead and better assess your situation. What's the best path for you?

Again, make sure you hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Theriault.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out. Peace out.