What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Dinkterio and I'm on like video number eight.

I filmed today so I'm just going to apologize now for the energy but today I got a new video for you guys where we're going to be talking about why clients win with our agency. So if you don't know what I do, I run a Facebook ads agency. We work with leading e-com brands, lead generation, few lead generation clients, app install clients.

So we do a variety of different sectors or niches but I really want to talk about why clients win with our agency. What's makes some of the greatest success stories more from a client perspective of like what traits they have going into the deal versus just like hey we did this this and this. So that being said hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

That being said let's dive into it. So why clients win for agency about 10 different key points. Number one is they trust us.

Basically just like when like you go purchase a car, you sign that you know paperwork and they hand you the keys and you get in that car and leave. Essentially that's what they do. They when they hand us the keys to the ads manager, they don't touch it.

They don't ask any questions or anything like that. They just trust our process and we build that trust by showing them case studies. We give we've been giving clients email addresses of other clients for recommendations and stuff like that.

So they trust us. They just have confidence and trust that we they know they put the best person in the right job to make them more money. So the trust is huge right there.

If you don't have a lot of trust with us, nine times out of ten the deals will not work work in your favor. Number two is ad creatives. Our best performing clients, we can send them over a list of ideas like five, ten different ideas and like some notes around each one and they'll go in and film all those ads.

Boom, boom, boom. And either 50% of them will send them over to us and we'll edit them or they'll even have an editing team and everything's sending over to us and we're good to go. So ad creatives is huge providing a ample amount of ad creatives on a month to month basis so that we can keep the account fresh.

We can keep finding new winners and we keep scaling up the ad accounts to reach new spin goals. So ad creatives is a huge one to listen to us. Now after trust and ad creatives is another one that's going to actually pretty much tie into ad creatives.

They're open to trying new things. Worked to clients before where we send them ad ideas and they would not be open at all. They're like, that's against brand, yada, yada, all this stuff like that.

Boom. Then we'll finally convince them to try it and it'll be like the best thing ever to happen to our business. Like huge success.

So you have to be open to trying new things, especially like this kind of goes down with the trust side. You have to trust us that we're in it to make you more money. So we're looking at from the perspective of we're trying this new thing because we have a high confidence, confidence, confidence and conviction that's going to make you more money at the end of the day.

So you have to be open to trying new things. Um, when it comes down to the ads, ad side, the creative side, um, even maybe email side as well. We've had brands before where they email the clients, their prospects like once or twice a month, they're worried about emailing them once a week because they think it's too much.

Okay. So now number four is have a great product. A lot of our clients that win is that they have just a really amazing product.

People love it's that's our offer. Essentially I look at offer us like your product. What are you offering people in exchange for their money?

So they have a really great offer and that makes huge, huge deal for us. You know, like one of our clients are spending $13,000 a day right now and that's been, they have an amazing offer. This amazing offer allows them to scale really high.

I've had other clients with a terrible offer and it's very hard for them to scale. It's because no one freaking wants their product and you can't really tell a client that. So that's why we're very cautious about who we take on board because we want to make sure that we're finding a players with really amazing offers that we can scale really hard.

So they have an amazing offer or a great offer. Now, after that is they have a great LTV, which is lifetime value people. If like a quick way for me to identify a business that will fail is if they cannot get people to buy from them again, if you can not get people to buy from you again, after they made that first purchase, then you're going to have a terrible business.

It's gonna be very hard for you to scale. And it's gonna be very hard for you to keep customers and very hard for me to make money. And you cannot reply rely just on acquisition all the time.

So they have a great LTV already in place. They already have customers coming back to purchase more, whether it's because they're launching new products or because it was like a supplement brand where they keep wanting that same supplement over and over. Cause it's just a really great supplement.

So have a great LTV. Now, the next one is have great shipping. Look me, my personal consumer habits is if you have terrible shipping, I'll never shop for me again.

Okay. I literally was a customer for a particular brand. It was a monthly brand that they sent me over something every month and three months in a row.

Like I was with them for about a year and a half email them because like three months, last three months, they kept having shipping issues. Boom, boom, boom. And I just left them.

It was like, look, it's too much of a headache to worry about shipping. So regardless of their acquisition, regardless of their LTV, or I mean, regardless of their shipping, I mean, not their, their ads and everything like that, the shipping is what ruined that deal for me, not the product is shipping. So you need to have really good shipping in place, you know, short Amazon's prime this all to where we need to have five days shipping at most.

So have fast shipping and make sure it's as seamless as possible in their customer buying journey. This is why I hate drop shipping and why I do not recommend it at all. Um, except to like validate a product really quick, been herping out of it.

So that's a whole nother video. Number seven is the have great customer service. So, Oh, your shipping was damaged in the mail.

Let me refund you water. I've worked at a brand where they were had like a, they had said like seven to 10 business days for shipping. People would get their product about 21 to 30 days in and nine times out of 10, like, okay, nine times out of 10, one of 10 orders, the product was damaged in shipping.

And they basically just said, Oh, Hey, file a complaint with your local, your thing. That's terrible fucking customer service. Okay.

So how to have really great customer service. Oh, Hey, so sorry to hear it. Let me just send you a new one.

I know that's more money on the buyers. There is a portion of people that are probably lying, but it's just a really great way because we were getting butchered in the comments on Facebook ads for how bad the customer service was for this particular brand. And due to that, we lost a bunch of money.

Like one of the easiest ways to lose money on acquisition that no one talks about is having terrible customer service and people butchering you in the comments. And those comments right there are going to turn away a lot of buyers, which will lower your row as your creatives wouldn't have any effect with that. Your ad copy would have had any effect with it.

Your account structure wouldn't have had any effect with it. It's simply just the people being pissed off and spreading bad realistically the truth about your business. So great customer service is critical for this number eight is they're constantly improving their business.

And it's kind of goes along with shop of customer service shipping and things like that. They look at their business from a bird's eye view and they look in there. All right, cool.

Acquisition is now covered by Nick and his team. Okay, cool. Now let's look at AOV.

What are we doing for AOV? And they're figuring out ways to prove out AOV. Are they consulting with me?

Um, or you know, uh, someone else, uh, look in LTV. Cool. Great.

But they're also looking at, okay, cool. Now what happens when someone purchases? How's the, how's the packaging look?

How's the shipping improvements and like performance on that side after they get their package and everything, or following up with them to see if they're doing good. So just overall, um, they're also trying to launch newer and better products than before. So they're finding new products and they're launching those.

Um, and that's really well. So, and again, it's, it's, they're really studying their audience persona. So they, they're launching meaningful products.

I've worked with a brand before where, um, they went back to product testing after, uh, you know, we parted ways just cause you know, it just wasn't working out and they went back to product testing and they started launching products that had no affiliation with their, um, their customer avatar. So I was like, okay, well, I understand their products just struggling. Now, number nine is they make database decisions.

This is something that I've seen working with clients that just didn't work out was because they're, they're emotionally driven. Okay. We look at things on a weekly basis.

We look at things on a monthly basis. You know, we, we make decisions on what ads to run based off what data gives us, Facebook gives us. And we've had clients before that want to spend five to 10 X more on a particular ad due to the fact that they created it.

And they were emotionally attached to that ad and had high believability that their ad was better than all of our ads, even though Facebook was showing us way worse results than any of the other ads in that counts. So they're emotionally attached to that ad. We've had clients that are super emotionally attached to their branding and would not want to try anything else.

And even when we tried other things out behind their back and yes, we definitely don't recommend it. We don't do that really anymore, but we had to do some cases just to show the client, Hey, look what works. And we've done that before, even though it was shown amazing performance, they still want us to cut it off because it was a poor representation in their brain, even though it resonated with their customers way better.

So we always present things with data. When we work with all of our clients, we always look at data. That is huge.

And we want to work with clients that make data-based decisions. And all of our clients that do make data-based decisions are 10 times more successful than clients that are emotionally attached. I think emotionally attached clients still have such a kind of a low level, like emotional intelligence, which is just not overall intelligence.

It's just, they don't really know how to understand their emotions and understand like what they're feeling and they're reactively to it and not sitting down thinking for a second, looking at it from a database way. And they're like, Oh, okay. It's actually really good for our business.

They just immediately start freaking out. And then they don't actually sit there and look at the data to see what it really tells us. Number 10 is good inventory.

If you're constantly running out of inventory, it's hard for us to scale. We were working with this one particular brand where they crushed an amazing, amazing, amazing month in November. They like a million dollars plus in November and December, guess what?

They did like $200,000 a month. And obviously this client, very, very strong client, very emotionally intelligent database decision client. And he did not, was not upset at all that December we did one fifth of what we did this November because he understood that the inventory was sold out.

I've also had clients before where inventory was sold out and they were like, well, why, why can't I understand? Why can't we, we're not getting orders and purchases and stuff from Facebook ads. I'm sitting down and explaining to me like, well, that doesn't make sense.

Why just put it on pre-order and get pre-orders. I'm like, well, no one wants to buy stuff inventory that you don't have. So very important to keep good inventory.

Um, so we can keep scaling on a month to month basis. It's very critical right there. So yeah, guys, I can barely talk right now.

I said I filmed eight videos in the last two hours of the eighth one. So, um, I'm gonna keep this short and sweet for you guys. Uh, thank you all so much for watching the channel, all the support and everything.

Um, at the time we're filming this for $2,000 subscribers away from 10,000 subscribers. So I really appreciate you guys. If you subscribe to the channel, new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And again, hit that like button and drop your best key takeaway from this video right here. I'm curious if there's any cure typical, uh, critical take key takeaways you took from this video. Yeah, guys, uh, if you're making more than $50,000 per month, which your business click link below to book a call with me and my team while up on a strategy to call together on that strategy call together, we'll go ahead and put strategies together for you.

You can take it and run with it, apply it to your business, or you'll have the option to work with us if we think you'd be a good fit for our agency. So make sure you click the link below to that strategy call. We're making less than $50,000 per month.

We do have a course on the horizon. That's going to teach you how to be a excellent or a great marketer. I need to figure out the branding and all that for it.

So, but it's basically just gonna teach you all the marketing skills and stuff like that. That's allowed me to generate over $50 million online in revenue, um, as well as a few things around Facebook ads as well. So you can operate an ad account just like me.

So thank you guys so much for watching again. My name is Nick Therrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.