Here's why you should not test another creative until you watch this video. I can't tell you how many times that I've seen brands just test hundreds of creatives and see zero increases in performance. And while I am responsible for that, partially because I've told you guys to go test creatives, I think y'all took it a little too literally and are just testing pretty much everything under the sun when it comes down to creatives and it's actually hurting your performance now.

So today we're gonna be talking a little bit more about why you need to actually kind of pull back. We went from one extreme to the other extreme. Now I need you here, right in the middle.

If you've ever seen a pendulum, you'll notice, you know, the pendulum will swing really hard like that. It'll go all the way up. Then it'll kind of come a little bit back this way, then a little bit back this way, and then eventually just rush right here when the energy is drained out of it.

And that's kind of the same thing with creative testing. It's like before performance was terrible, you weren't testing creatives, you were on this side, then you swung to this side and you're testing 40, 50 creatives every single day. And then it's like, oh, performance is still not doing better.

So for me, it's like, well, Nick, where do you want me at? Because you're telling me to creative test and you're telling me not to creative test. So what exactly do I need to be doing to be smart and efficient with my time?

That's my goal here. Smart and efficient with my time. I want to do as little as possible and get the biggest reward just like anyone else.

And that is possible with creative testing. You just have to be strategic. And that's what we want to talk about today.

How do we be strategic with our creative testing versus just throwing everything at the sun and then nothing sticking. And now it's like, well, I'm creative testing and it's not helping. And that's what I want to dive into today.

So the first thing is, is what creative testing is. What is the goal with creative testing? The goal for me with creative testing in majority of time is to find a new ad that gets a large amount of spin because I do everything in the CBO, that it impacts the business by dropping CPA so I can spend more.

And I'll see typically two scenarios of this. Scenario one, it takes overall spend. It becomes the new highest spender.

It lowers cost per acquisition. And I can start spending more now because now our CPA is below our target, which is good. CPA below your target's good.

CPA above your target's bad. So when our CPA falls below our target, I can start spending more on Facebook. That's a good thing.

I can scale. Now, the other scenario is an ad may not get overall spin, but it'll get like 25, maybe 50% of spin. And it was built to be a retargeting creative.

Now, let me be very clear on that. I'm not changing the audience. I'm still doing broad targeting with it, but the messaging and then just everything we show in that creative is going to be meant for a retargeting audience, which is going to be your product aware or aware group of people.

This is going to be content around questions, objections, testimonials, other products against your product. And then aware, which is going to be like your 50% off, you know, now till midnight. These are going to be more of your retargeting style creatives.

They were built to be for a lower funnel group of people. These won't get a ton of spin, but they're going to get enough spin to where they're going to have a decent amount of spin and such a low cost per acquisition that it lowers overall CPA, allowing us to spend more on Facebook ads. So that's the goal with creative testing.

Now, the next thing is, is, well, what do I put in that creative? That becomes your next objective is what do I need to say in that creative to get one of those two scenarios? Well, the first things first is just looking at the account and understanding what the account needs.

So for example, if we already have a bunch of retargeting style creatives, that's answering questions around our product, objections around our product, 50% off now till midnight. Well, then guess what? We don't need more of those.

We need to start looking now at the higher part, which is like, how do we get more ads that spend a ton of fucking money so we can scale it to a million dollars a month, like some chats? That's the goal right there. So in that particular case, we need to start looking at top of funnel.

Now, if we already have a ton of top of funnel stuff and no lower funnel stuff, then I change my objective to go and try to hit the lower funnel. I go build some aware ads, go build some product aware ads. I launch those and then I move back on to my top of funnel stuff.

So that becomes my next thing. What stage of market awareness do I want to hit on when I start building out those creatives? That's the first thing I'll look at.

Now, let's say we want to go after our top of funnel people, our solution aware, problem aware and unaware. I do the same exact thing here. I look first at, all right, do we have our solution aware bases covered?

Do I have my problem aware bases covered? Okay, cool. Now let's go up to that unaware stage if I have solution aware and problem aware.

Now, to be fair here, with solution aware, there's not going to be a ton of different creatives we're going to test here. What we'll do is solution aware, we're just calling out what people want and then showing them our product. They know what our product does, they just don't know our product yet.

So like, for example, back in 2020 or 2021, when iOS 14.5 hits and everyone lost their ability to see like Facebook performance, like we saw like 50% inaccurate reporting in Facebook. I was like, wow, I wish we could just build a tool that would go bypass the Facebook and iOS thing and then just give us an alternative way to report and show us all that data. Bro, this fly is pissing me off.

Once I understood what I wanted out of that product, but the product didn't exist yet, guess what? Wasn't too long before someone built the product and boom, it came out and all this cool stuff. So that's a solution aware market.

People know what the product does. They just don't know the product exists yet. And what we'll do is we'll just call out different things that our product does, call those things out, which is what people want, and then highlight how our product helps them achieve that.

Now they're aware of our product and now they're product aware. So I'll go a solution aware stage. I'll test a few different things they want.

And then the next thing I'll be looking at is, all right, cool. I did all my research. If you watch my latest video, advanced Facebook ads guide parts one through three, I show you this all live.

And in that particular setup right there, I'll go ahead, do my research. I'll do my solution aware. Then I'll move up to problem aware.

Problem aware, I'm just calling out different problems that people have, show them what the solution will be. Then from there, go into the product, which is my product. So you'll notice here, I'm not really just picking one solution or one problem.

It is drilling everything down on it. I'm doing swings between these things. So that way it's all different.

And it's all, I'm not going too super like niche down right away because what happens when you do that? Well, hey, you never tested this thing and or you go too niche down. And then what will happen is like many times for me where I went too hard on one particular desire or one problem for too long.

And then it's like, oh, performance is not doing anything. I'm testing hundreds of creatives every week around this particular problem. Then all of a sudden, I go do a little research, find a new problem, launched one ad, boom, explodes in the account because I got out of what I've been niched down way too long on.

This is the more, what I would say, proper way to do creative testing. It's not just, hey, let me throw random things at the wall that comes to mind. I can't tell you how many times I've ran into founders.

They'll just pop up these random ideas in their mind. They throw it in the account and it doesn't work because they're not doing any research. They're not understanding what their market wants.

They're not actively going out there and doing all that, understanding the customer and then coming in and linking their product to it. They're just looking at their product and they're thinking these ideas like this. And guess what?

Your customer does not want your product. Your customer wants what your product will allow them to achieve in life. That's what your customer wants.

So that's why like founders can sometimes, not to say be the worst people to work with. I love working with my founders. They're amazing.

But they can have the worst results and struggle the most with Facebook ads because they're too focused on their product. They're not focused on their customer itself and bridging that gap with an ad right there. Now, the last thing I'll be looking at or second to last thing I'll be looking at is my different personas of people in creative testing.

I don't want to go too granular or too niche down on one persona too quick. So like, let's say for example, if I want to go after the desire to get stronger in the gym. Well, that's such a broad term.

And yes, there's a ton of people that want that, but there's so many different subsets of persona. For example, the girl who runs high school track, she may want to get stronger in the gym so she can improve her sprinting distance. The bodybuilder who wants to compete on stage, he's getting stronger in the gym to compete on stage.

The 21 year old broccoli haired dude, he wants to get stronger so he can pick up more girls every weekend. All of these people are different sets of people in terms of how they look. And they also all want to get stronger for different reasons.

Same thing here. I want to make sure my creative is congruent with that person. I don't want to call out girls who want to get stronger in the gym so they can run faster on the track and then show a dude who's 250 pounds who was like he's about to compete on stage for bodybuilding.

It's just not going to be congruent together. So you need to have congruence right there between the persona, what they want, and showing them how they can achieve what they want with your product itself. This is also another thing that I see a lot, especially with dropshippers.

Again, no hate on dropshippers or anything like that because a lot of them are all the brand owners that we work with once they start scaling and stuff. But they just, I see this most common with dropshippers where they're just ripping tons of content and they're not focusing on congruence between the messaging they're trying to test and the creative they ripped. And because of that, what happens?

They just test a ton of stuff with no effective improvement in performance. Now, the last thing I'll talk about is positioning. Positioning, also known as market sophistication, what I like to personally call it.

This is just basically addressing the sophistication of the marketplace, which the sophistication of a marketplace is just simply the number of products or strategies someone has tried to achieve a particular result and failed with. So especially to a lot of you guys watching this YouTube channel, I'm sure like the current Facebook ad strategy that you use right now is not the strategy you started with 10 years ago or however long you've been running Facebook ads. You likely tested a few different strategies.

So you're not necessarily going to run or search for a video called how to run Facebook ads because you've already tried different strategies. You're going to look up and search things like the best strategy to scale fast in 2025 or the most effective strategy to scale to $1 million a month with Facebook ads in 2025. That's because the sophistication in the marketplace, you're a lot more of a sophisticated buyer.

Whereas someone who's just getting started, they're focusing on things like how to run Facebook ads, how to get started with Facebook ads, very lower sophistication claims. So part of my research is understanding these things. So that way my creative, I can make sure my messaging is congruent based off what they've tried and felt with in the past.

And I want to position my product as a new way and this new thing that's going to increase the fear of missing out if they don't take action with this product itself. Now, I hope you enjoyed this video. Again, if you want to learn more about all these things, then obviously I can come do it for you in your business.

I specifically work with e-com brands doing at least $100,000 a month who want to scale to a million dollars a month. And I'll come into your business, do all this for you. Or I have my coaching group where I hop on a call, 101 with you and all that good stuff.

Where on that 101 call, review your ad account, creatives and everything, give you strategic advice. And that's for people making less than 100K a month and you click the link below to have Nick Terry mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.