Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today, I want to go deep into your product. We're going to flip the mirror around and we're going to put you in front of that mirror.

We want to go deep into that product and really figure out why the hell should I buy your product. So before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and let's get started guys. So a lot of the times when it are not a lot of times, if you've jumped on a sales call with me, you know, if you've gotten the pleasure to kind of speak to me and talk a bit about how my agency works with you.

One of my very first questions is why should I buy your product? Okay. Why should I buy your product?

Oh, I have a cool shirt. Okay. Show me the shirt.

Now look at I'm like, okay, no, I can literally go down the store right there and pick that exact shirt out. So why should I buy your product versus just going to do that right now? Okay.

And I've had, I've literally had everything, every single person I guess on a call with me, I ask in this question. Okay. So this is not just one person or not.

It's, it's every client, it's every, every single brand. Okay. And the reason why I ask this is because if you can't tell me why, then it's not necessarily a marketing problem.

It's product problem. It's your product does not have enough irresistibility in that sense. And we have to understand that marketing is great.

Marketing creatives, all this stuff is great. It moves the needle, but we have to realize what are we moving the, like behind the marketing, what else is the product? And if you can attract a lot of great people with marketing, but the product is not it.

You'll spend every dime on creative testing, all this stuff like that. And it's not even the marketing is the product itself. And it's important as a business owner to really have a product that people want.

All of our brands that does amazing, they have an amazing product people love. Then I see some people that have like a t-shirt and it has some random saying from a movie. And then they're like, why can't I break 10k a month?

It's like, cause one, not, no one, no one really even knows that movie. Uh, and the shirt is like a really horrible blend and yeah. So look, it's, we all want to make money in e-commerce, but the brands that make a ton of like a ton of fucking money, a ton of cash, they have a really great product and they have a really amazing why their product solves a problem in the market.

And it's not even the, the why in the sense of the, like, it's not even the problem as in, oh yeah. People hate, um, I don't know people, people hate clothing. That's very hard and rough on their skin.

And this, this clothing is much softer and stuff like that. No, it's just like people needed a creative outlet or people needed a brand that really aligned with the entrepreneur spirit. Okay.

So this is a higher level play. This is beyond the product and more about the branding. So if your product can't solve it, then the branding needs to solve it.

Okay. Still need a great product. So let me take, for example, um, Alphalete Alphalete, I wear their clothing all the time.

I'm literally decked out in it right now. And their product itself is not necessarily anything super unique, super crazy. They make a good product.

It lasts. It's like I said, it's probably one of my best clothings I've worn to the gym consistently. Um, it's, it's very tailored to me and it fits really well.

I'll look really good at it when I wear it. And I'm trying to say this in the least, like, look, if you follow the last few videos, I've been on the web, under the weather all week. So I'm doing my best here.

So I love that. That's the reason why I buy it. That's the reason kind of why they, they put it together.

They want to make clothes that look good and feel good on, on, on people with a specific body type. Then they also too, is that they also have some really strong branding that also sells the product. So you can even look at this from a branding perspective and a product perspective.

So if your product isn't that unique and that crazy, then have some really amazing branding behind it. That gives people a further reason why when there's five brands selling the exact same shirt and your brand fits their core beliefs better, they're going to purchase from you over them just for simply the beliefs that you represent and the ideas and things like that, that you stick behind. So back in the, uh, you know, the political thing with like Trump and Biden and all that stuff like that, there was a lot of brands that start to express their, you know, express their views and stuff like that.

And you know, one that some that, that had one side view that didn't, that didn't approve with the others, then they've lost those customers, but they also gained a lot more customers because now they're exposing their view and the people with that same view started choosing them over the other, other brand. So I'm not saying you need to go like, start expressing your political views, but just the beliefs and stuff like that. Like Alphalee, I think they do an amazing job at this.

Um, Gymshark as well does a pretty good job with this. Just brands that are higher than just a product. Okay.

Now again, going back, why should I buy your product? So that's one route. Second route is just, yeah.

Why should I buy your product? What's different about your product? What's unique about your product?

How does your product do better than the competitors? And if you don't have that on paper, if you can't clearly articulate that to me besides, Oh, it's good quality. Like I hope it's good quality.

It's the bare minimum standard. What else is unique about it? Okay.

That's where we have to, you have to really dive into. And you know, it's, it's funny when people like freeze up and ask them this question, why should I buy your product? And they can't sell me when then, when I ask people that are very successful in this space, why should I buy your product?

They can clearly list off. Boom, boom, boom. So I'm not saying that it's a bad thing.

People can't answer this question at lower levels. I'm just saying that it's something that I see a high correlation with more successful people have a clear understanding why people should buy their product. Whereas lower levels, people don't because they're so focused on making money.

They're not focused on their product improvement. And then because they're not focused on our product improvement and why their product is so great, they're basically trying to like, and you know, they're just, they losing focus of why people are not buying their product in that sense right there. So really need to focus on why should I buy your product?

If someone came up to you and said, why should I buy your product? You need to be able to clearly articulate to them why outside of as good quality as good shipping, good shipping, good quality, things like that's expected. Now, what else?

All right. If it's unique designs, what's unique about them? Who like what unique designs?

Okay, cool. Then you need to clearly showcase that to me. Okay.

So just really dig deep, spend some thinking time on this. You don't need to feel like super, super crazy with it, but no, really dig into that. And then from there, start creating some brand messaging or some, some copywriting around those specific reasons.

Let's say you find five reasons why people should buy your product. Okay. Create five ads with an angle around each one of those reasons why.

Okay. So if it's unique designs, okay. They're unique designs inspired by star Wars for whatever reason.

And they're the only designs out there that clearly showcase R2D2 in his most authentic way. I don't know. I'm literally just pulling shit out my ass right now, but that's a route.

That's an angle right there. Okay. Let's say for example, if the, the more of the core of the branding, why should you buy your products?

Cause it's for entrepreneurs. So let's say it's for entrepreneurs made by entrepreneurs. You know, uh, we have a brand where it's like four skateboarders designed by skateboarders.

And, um, that like right there crushes. That's why people should buy that brand. All these big corporations are not even skateboarders.

We're true or like true skateboarders, you know, mom and pop shop crushing it out there. And this is our brand you should buy from us. So, but yeah, actually I question, why should I buy your product?

You know, why should someone buy my product and start right now? A whole bunch of reasons why, and then take a step further. Why should someone's buy my product over going to the store and buying the same product at the store?

That's where it gets deeper. So if you have a product that I can go buy from the store really easy, if I, if I can't go buy from the store, then you're already like a few levels above the condition, uh, the, yeah, the competition. But if I can get this at a store within a 20 minute, 20 mile radius from me in any major city, then you need to go deeper.

Why I should buy your product over doing that. So yeah, hope you guys enjoyed this video. Um, I know the videos this week wasn't really too, too hot.

Um, I don't know if you're watching this Monday or Friday. Um, but just trying to film all this while under the weather has just been quite interesting. So, uh, thank you guys so much for the support though.

I appreciate all of you guys. Um, but yeah, really focused on this. Definitely gonna help you guys out with finding your more unique points to sell your product.

And it's gonna move the needle in your advertising. So I thank you guys so much for watching, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you guys so much for watching.

My name is Nick Therrio. Have a blessed rest of your day.