So I get this question a lot where people are like, hey, Nick, launched a Facebook ad campaign and started strong for like a week and then performance started to drop. What is going on? How can I improve this?

What am I doing wrong? And today I'm gonna be going over a couple things around this that you can leverage to help improve your results. So first things first, we need to understand the adoption model.

The adoption model is basically the percentage of people that anytime a new product is launched, take immediate action versus the people that wait and delay before they take action are a little bit more skeptical. So for example, when I launched my Inner Circle, my private monthly coaching program, right when I made the announcement, I had 25 people buy within the first, say, 48 hours, like immediately. And since then, I usually get about five to 10 people that join a month.

This is not my main business model. This is just something I do on the side of my agency to help those who can't afford my agency yet. And with this Inner Circle program, there's been people in here that literally have watched dozens of my YouTube videos over the course of the last couple months that are like just really skeptical of my like ways and my results and everything like that and the possibility of me making them more money.

And they take a long time before they join. There's other people that literally watch like one YouTube video from me and join right away. And this is just two different types of people in the adoption model.

And any given market, there's two and a half percent of people that are ready to take action. Now, I look at these people as the people that join my Inner Circle right away. These are people that are literally just like, hey, launching a coaching program, it's $1,000 a month, who wants to join?

Boom, 25 people join within 48 hours. Now, then it moves up to the next phase, which is called the early adopters. And the early adopters make up 13.5% of the market.

These particular people, these are people like those first 25 people, they probably watched like one, two videos from me on YouTube and like, boom, ready to take action, go ahead. Whereas these early adopters people, these are people that joined probably month two or three of me running this program where I was like, okay, I like, I like Nick, watches videos and stuff, but I don't know. I'm not really 100% sure yet if this program is gonna be really any success.

Maybe they're a little skeptical of the results they could achieve in that particular program right there. And that particular group of people, they're gonna take longer. Like I said, maybe two or three months of kind of skeptical about the program before they're ready to buy now.

Again, the biggest thing key here is to understand that they're skeptical. Skeptical just means they're not 100% sure that this program will impact the life like it's promoted. And we'll go over some tactics in a little bit of how to actually like lower their skepticism.

Then you have the next portion of your market, which is 34% called the early majority. This is where, you know, you start getting more of those longer buying periods now. People have been watching my videos for a couple months.

And these are like the majority of people that's gonna purchase the program. It just takes a lot of nurturing, a lot of time for them to buy. Now, going back to your Facebook ad campaign, right when you launch it out the gate, you have these innovators.

These are people that are just low-hanging fruit. They're ready to buy now. Boom.

But once you start spending more, because again, the innovators are only 2.5% of your market. That's not a large market. If you have a market of a thousand people, two and a half percent of people is gonna be, what, is that gonna be, I think 25 people?

Could be wrong, but I think, yeah, 25 people. If you have a market of a thousand people. So just keep that in mind right there.

So once you start scaling up and spending more, you're spending more than people that's actively in that market that's ready to buy now. And what happens here is you start reaching people that are harder sales. That's all you have to look at it from.

These people are harder to sell to. They're not impossible to sell to. They're just harder to sell to.

And because they're harder to sell to, they require more ads, different angles. Specifically, trust building is really big on this stage. Because again, they're skeptical.

They're not against your product. They're just skeptical of buying, whether it's true based off what you are promoting and saying about it. This is where if you've been following me for a while, you should understand the five stages of market awareness.

This is what I would say is the product aware market inside of our client accounts. So the product aware market to open up this market here is number one, what questions people have about our product that's making them skeptical. For example, within my Inner Circle program, I always get the questions, hey, Nick, are you actively doing the coaching calls?

Or is there someone else? Because there's a lot of other coaching programs that they outsource that to. I personally do all the one-on-one calls in the group.

I also do the weekly call every Friday. So yes, I do do the coaching calls myself. That's a great product aware ad right there.

So I'll literally just call out, hey, Nick, do you do all the calls? Or someone else? As like a little question mark on the screen, I'll even say that.

Hey, I get this question a lot. Go into that question, address the question, and then just basically send where they can take action now. Now, objections is the next thing.

So you have your questions that people have that are unanswered, then you have objections. A big objection across the market right now is that courses do not work. Courses are a waste of the money.

And I completely agree with you. They are a waste of money. And I would say not necessarily they don't work, but a lot of people just think that their life will change the minute they buy the course without putting the work in.

Whereas this Inner Circle program is actually a monthly coaching program where I'll dive in the account 101 with you and go through your account and tell you the next steps that I would recommend inside of your account. Now, I can't guarantee you success because there's a lot of other possibilities that can impact that, but I can guarantee you the fact that, hey, you're going to implement the same things inside of my client accounts that's worked for me and same things that's worked for some of the other students. And it's going to increase the probability of success for you.

What do you say about that? So see right there, I just took an objection and then went into it from there. So you have questions, you have objections.

Next one is just testimonials, which everyone knows about that. So just testimonials and stuff. Another big thing about skepticism is that we want to actually find the mid-level testimonials.

We don't want to talk about the huge testimonials. We don't want to talk about the low testimonials. We want to talk about the mid, the group average.

A couple of different reasons why. Number one, FTC compliance is really big. So if you're promoting these insane testimonials that are either not true or you get one in one millionth, like they're extremely, extremely, extremely rare, then what's going to happen is the FTC will investigate you and you could possibly get sued by the FTC.

So that's number one. Number two, when you're making extreme claims in those testimonials, what will happen is actually increases people's skepticism because it's such a big claim. They think you're a scammer.

So you want to try to find the mid testimonial, like right in the middle, that's pretty average for your results. And then just simply promote that particular testimonial right there. And, you know, obviously it's directly correlated with e-com.

There'd be some people like, hey, this product helped me tan better in the sun versus, hey, this product helped me get a full sun kiss, dark tan, and I never even stepped a foot in the sun. Like that just sounds like a scam right then and there. So you have objections, questions, testimonials.

The next thing you want to look at is authority. Now, authority can be done in a couple of different ways. One way you can go after authority is by simply just calling out the fact that, hey, as a mom of three, I wish I had this when I was giving birth to my third son.

Because the, as a mom of three, and it being a parenting product or a birthing product for a pregnant woman, she's had a lot of experience in that particular field. Or another round of authority is by just simply leveraging like a credible job position, like a doctor, lawyer, something like that. Keep in mind here, it's against the law and FTC compliance to talk about those positions if you don't actually have it and you can get sued very heavily for that.

So again, don't recommend it unless you actually have like official doctor statement or lawyer statement from that. And then lastly is authority from influence. So for example, I'm kind of technically an influencer due to like the credibility and authority I've built up on YouTube.

So when I talk about certain products, like, hey, you know, you should go buy X product or do X product. What'll happen is there's extreme high chance you'll just go do it without really thinking about it. Your skepticism won't really be that high.

So that's a big one right there is just authority angles. Now, the last major one is called product comparisons. This is just simply where I'm calling out products that are already on the marketplace.

For example, when I bought this house that I'm in right now, I bought this nice like 78 inch TV for like my living room. And I didn't know which TV to buy. I don't really buy TVs often.

I buy one like maybe every couple of years. And I was like, had like three TV side by side pulled up on my computer. And I'm trying to like split the differences between all of them.

I was also looking at which one's going to suit me best based off my viewing experience. Some are good for, you know, like very well lit rooms and some were very good for like dark rooms. And so like I had a couple of different things that's got to compare to to see.

So it's not comparing to other solutions. It's comparing to other products that are exactly like yours. Now with all of this right here, this is actually how we lower someone's skepticism and provide more proof that our product is something that's worth their time and attention.

And basically they won't get fucked over. So this is where going back to the original kind of idea of this video, which is the fact that, hey, you launched a campaign, it's crushing. Now it's starting to drop.

Well, what do you need to do? Number one is just leave the campaign running. Don't turn it off.

A lot of people get scared and want to turn that campaign off. For me, when I launch a campaign, I hold that budget for 30 days, even if it's getting the worst results ever. Even if I'm losing money every day, I'm holding that campaign at that budget.

So that way I can aggressively start testing different creatives, different angles, do my market research, and have time to get all this tested within a 30-day window. This is also why I like to look at seven-day averages. I can't stand people that look at day-to-day.

It's fucking aggravating. I like to look at seven-day averages. Inside of the Facebook Ads Manager, there's literally a preset timeframe called last seven days.

I click on that and now I can see the average of the last seven days. I do not look at day-to-day because day-to-day doesn't tell me anything because Facebook is consistently inconsistent in the results. I understand that.

So I look at a seven-day average and for higher ticket products, I may even look at a 30-day average of what's going on inside of the account. So this is where we prioritize creative testing and not just spamming the same creative over and over, but looking at different angles, different market research, and all of those good things. Thank you all so much for watching this video.

Hopefully this helps you out with moving forward. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name's Nick Terrio. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.