Finding winning Facebook ad creatives can be difficult and expensive. And one of my favorite ways for, you know, I'd say Facebook ad creatives that convert pretty consistently is organic content and content that your customers create. Now, the problem is that customers who create content, usually it's never good.

So how can we get our product in more people's hands that actually know what they're doing when it comes down to content creation? And the second part is how can we do this on a budget? So how can we find UGC on a budget?

And I'm gonna show you guys one of my favorite ways to do it and something new recently I've been doing and it's been working super well. So this is incense that pro we use for all of our UGC and stuff. But something really cool about incense is that you can literally come in and run a free product campaign.

And let me explain that. So you can see right here for one of our accounts, we hired almost 20 people or hired 20 people. And I got almost 19 people of those to complete that specific piece challenge of creating content for us.

And all we're doing here is sending the product completely free to these people. And the second thing is we're doing is we're hiring the content creator for free. So we're not paying the content creator and we're sending them the products.

We're just exchanging the content creation for the product. Now what's cool about this is that, you know, instead of leveraging customers, which again are not content creators, they're customers. So a lot of the content's iffy.

And then the second part is these are content creators. So they know what they're doing and we're not spending a dollar on them. Now what's cool about this is we can hire a load of creators a lot faster and get their honest feedback and honest angle and perspective on the product with their personality to create some really good content.

And cool thing is, is as little as $400. And since runs, you know, $400 a month for instance right here. And again, that's it because you're not paying the content creator.

So $400 a month. Look on honestly, on average, a UGC video is $100. So you know, you get four UGC videos for 400 bucks, or, you know, you'll pay about 400 bucks for four UGC videos, or you go this route, hire 20 people, get 20 videos back and pay literally 400 bucks.

And it's pretty cool. And the cool thing about instance is you can actually pick the creators you want to leverage. So I'll show you guys in a second here, how we set up our campaign.

You might be asking yourself, who am I? Why am I credulous to be showing these types of things? Well, look, my name is Nick Theriot.

I run a Facebook ads agency, we spent all over, you know, probably close to $2 million a month on Facebook ads, and also coach and mentor students. So I have links below for both for Hey, you want me to run your ads? Or be you want me to coach or mentor you now before we get started, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

So let's actually go to incense. And we're actually going to create a campaign and to show you guys what this free product campaign looks like. So pick a brand really quick.

And the next thing we're going to do is go ahead. And we're just going to name the campaign. So we're going to do thing about naming the campaign.

For instance, it's like you also want to kind of give people it's almost like marketing, because we want our campaign to stand out, you know, for this particular product, it's like a joint or this particular campaign. It's like a joint or product itself. It's like a joint supplement.

So I could say, say goodbye to joint pain with one daily peel. Now, obviously, this is not like Facebook, you don't have to worry about saying anything crazy, because you know, it's not going to ban you or anything like that. We want just content.

That's all we want. You can do a couple different things here. You can also even have a product seeding feature.

Now, this is actually completely new for me. That's actually really interesting right there. But there's just constant organic posting creator ads or product seeding.

We're actually going with the product seeding route, because this is literally just been added like yesterday, because we just set one up and we did not see this. So we're going to run that through this route and you're going to get a pure honest expression of my face. But creator ads are cool.

This is basically where we basically go ahead and we can run ads through their accounts. Organic posting is where we just want them to post on their accounts. And then just content is where they're just creating the content and sending it over to us.

Again, you can pay creators on this platform and you can pay them whatever they want. You can tell creator you don't want to pay anything. But the thing is, is whatever creators bid on the particular campaign, that's the quality of creator you get.

So if I say I only want a free campaign, I'm going to get creators that are willing to do free products. If I say I'm willing to pay $1,000 per video, I'm going to get a much higher quality video. But still for the free videos, I'm getting, that's why we hired over 20 and got 20 really good videos back doing this.

So we'll do the product seeding strategy. I'm just going to select Instagram. Even if I'm on Facebook, I'm probably going to do Instagram, but you can do TikTok and Facebook as well.

I'm just going to do Instagram. How many creators do you want to hire? You don't have to hire this many creators, but it's just an estimate.

So let's just say we don't want to do 20 and then campaign objective. This one really doesn't matter, but I'm just going to do conversions. You'll upload a product image.

I don't know. I don't have a specific product image. I'm just going to choose this really quick.

Just something random to toss in here. There we go. Again, you actually want to upload your product image.

I just want it to be this really quick. All right. So cool thing about is that incense actually has this product seeding strategy, which actually gives you a pretty good brief right here, already ready to go.

So we're going to do product delivery shipment. You obviously have to, you know, ship the product itself. You could do reimbursement if you want, or if you have a digital product, not required, but I'm going shipment.

Okay. So here's where you would obviously include your specific features and benefits and stuff like that. But there's one pre-selected for you right here.

And then the main goal of this collaboration is to work with, you know, you can say if you want, we'll send you a free product. Basically, if like post and review and tag us, if you like it, you can post a review on social media tag us. All right, cool.

So like that's basically you just want to edit that. That's the cool thing about the, the product like seeding thing now is that you can just edit these instructions now, add your product URL. And then the second thing is that you can also go ahead and, or second cool thing about incense is you can kind of go for a specific like creator look.

So let's say location. I only want United States. There we go.

Categories. You can add a category if you want, maybe I want a specific person, male, for example, or wait, hold up. Male for, make sure it's the creator, not the audience, but male for creator age.

Maybe I want 25 to 35, uh, ethnicity. If you, there's a specific ethnicity you want in the creator followers. I don't really care about this or any of this.

I do care about language a lot because I've gotten people that just do not speak English at all. And I'm like, shit works problem. Uh, if you want them to have pets, you know, if you want to include a dog working on a product right now, that has dog product.

So that's all good right there. Uh, if you have any screening questions, this is things like, Hey, what pets do you have? So like if you want pet, but maybe you only want a pet, that's like 30 pounds or heavier than cool.

Or like a dog or something like that. So, but yeah, so that's pretty much everything. Then I'll click sensor review.

I'm not going to sense review right now because this is a, you know, dummy campaign, but basically you would send it to review. And then from there, uh, you'll get creators to actually apply to it. And I'm not going to show off.

I'll show you this one real quick. Uh, so we have 62 new applications for this one right here. And then you can kind of go through, right?

So all statuses is showing all the creators to it, but out of 160 or 124 creators are invited to this only 64 accepted it. That doesn't mean that they accepted it in the perspective of, Hey, they're willing to do this, but that doesn't mean you hired them. So then that's, that's onboarding.

It's just, Hey, these are people that are interested. That's it. So now from here, I would hire this particular creator, uh, get their shipment information.

That's unlocked as soon as you hit higher. And then I'd send them out the product. Then from there, it's, you get the content back fairly quickly.

So you can set whatever due date you want, stuff like that. Um, you can also willing to pay them a little bit more for if there's something else you want. So, but yeah, so that's, that's using the product seating with incense, uh, something really powerful, like I said, for $400 a month, you can get an insane amount of content back.

Um, you know, we got 20 videos back for one brand and we don't really guide these people. We let them create whatever they want. If there's a particular video that works really well in the ad accounts, then what we'll do from there is we'll go and hire that creator to actually create more videos for us because we've seen some success with their ads or at least the content they create.

Uh, so $400 a month for 20 videos a month. And again, 20 is just what we did. You can go do a hundred.

If you want, there's no specific limits for how many you can do, but $400 a month, 20 videos. I mean, you're looking at $20 a video basically for, you know, that particular piece of content right there. And that's really good compared to paying 60 to a hundred bucks.

And we, we pay a lot of our content creators, $300 a video, um, getting all creators. You can leverage one in some instance as well. So instance is not just free creators.

It's high quality creators that you can do free, or you can go find and pay for creators as well. So, uh, but we've been using instance now for about three years and we love it. Uh, probably one of our favorite platforms specifically for, um, you know, finding content creators and stuff like that.

So, um, thank you guys so much for watching. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.