Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you guys. Today we're going to be talking about a winning ad formula to use in 2022. This can be applied to videos, kind of ad copy, even photos if you know how like the right contextual way to do it.

So with that being said, before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video. So again, like I said, I have a winning video ad formula that's used in 2022, but it's going to be applied to ad copy in general.

I mean, it's sales pages in a way, which is a winning kind of ad formula that's going to take you through kind of a thinking process of which people approach things. So number one is hook. So again, this is going to be like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, as in like the order of appearance.

So hook, this is how you grab people's attention. It's going to be your headline. This is going to be your first kind of present presentation of like any texts and then a video, maybe like for photos and your biggest like piece of text that's highlighted.

And then even like for ad copy, this would be your, your kind of first, like, you know, initial sentence of an ad copy right there. So your hook, I'm going to have examples after this, but I'm just going to show you the basic structure. So your hook, it's also very clear and easy to understand from looking at it from a TikTok perspective.

If you're, if you're advertising on TikTok, it's usually the first three to five seconds, whatever's first said, Hey guys, today, I just bought this, you know, Hey guys, I just found this online. I really want to show you guys today. And just that first initial hook.

Now, number two is present the product and sex for action. It gives bluntly. So what does this mean?

This basically just means like what the product is in the most blunt way. So today I'm going to show you a winning video ad formula, uh, for Facebook ads. So, or, or the hook could be, do you struggle with Facebook ads or do you struggle with, um, winning or creating videos for Facebook ads?

Then today I'm going to show you my exact formula that I've used to generate over $50 million online in revenue, um, with Facebook ads. Boom. Okay.

Now basically you're just going to present the offer in a clean, consistent, concise way. So that's basically what number two is. Number three is you're going to show off the features and the benefits.

Now, something recently that I've been told by one of how like my mentors is that we like to show off the features and benefits, but show off the features that lead into benefits. So for example, in the iPod, um, Sam, uh, MP3 thing, which is so, so ridiculously overused, um, you know, 128 gig Samsung MP3 player versus 16,000 songs in your pockets iPod. So show off the, like link the features to benefits, um, which makes it easier.

So, oh, it has 128 gigs of memory. Okay, cool. What does that mean to the consumer?

Well, they can store 16,000 songs on it. Okay. Let's show off 16,000 songs in your pocket.

So that linking process works really well. So you're going to show off those different features and benefits. And again, this might be, if you only have one main benefit, then show off that one main benefits in a variety of different ways.

So, and again, I'm going to show you this all in a second, example wise. Next one is social proof. So social proof is essentially can be a recommendation from like a doctor or something like that.

So 16,000 doctors trust, um, this particular structure or over a hundred thousand Facebook advertisers use this one winning video ad formula. Let's crush it. Um, so that's social proof, you know, testimonials as well is also really great social proof.

Uh, that's a really good one. Yeah. So social proof, just proof of concept, uh, proof that this works from a social aspect of other people.

Next one is proof super, uh, superiority. Wow. I cannot speak today.

This is basically just showing how this particular solution is better than all of the other solutions to the problem that the, uh, you know, basically other people experience or what other solutions people offer. And you'll see exactly what I mean by that in a second. So just showing off how your product is better than all the other products in the market.

What's your, what's your secret selling point that's positions it out. Okay. Next one is overcome objections.

So in this case right here, uh, overcoming objections is what are the common objections people have around your product? If it's price cool. How can you overcome the price objection?

Is it, you know, people don't understand your products. Cool. You know, for example, like a common objection, like in the agency world is that a lot of people get burned, um, by agencies.

So like, how can I overcome that objection for the agency world? Okay. Now, number seven is just restating the benefits really quickly that they're going to get.

So they introduced the benefits immediately. They showed off and overcome all these objections and position the product better in their head. They're going to reset the benefits real quick.

And then lastly, as a call to action, get your quotes a day. And also you get, you know, backed by our 30 day money back guarantee. So that's just like the structure of how to put everything together.

I want to show you guys an example now, because until you see an example, it's gonna be a little bit hard to kind of understand this. So number one is my hook. Um, never worry about your Facebook ads again.

Okay. Boom. Never worry about Facebook ads again.

So I'm, I'm really hitting on a specific key point of people who constantly worry about their Facebook ads, constantly consumed by stuff like that. But how can you never worry about the Facebook ads again? Whoa.

I got my attention now. Um, Tara solutions, run your Facebook ads. If you don't know what Tara solutions is, that is my agency, uh, Tara solutions, runs your Facebook ads properly by creating high converting, um, ads.

So I'm presenting the product and satisfaction and gives bluntly. Okay. We run Facebook ads for you.

We run Facebook ads for you, uh, by creating high or profitably by creating high converting ads. That's it. That's all we do.

Okay. So I'm just presenting the product and the satisfaction it gives. Okay.

Now show off the feature slash benefits. Okay. So now I'm basically just kind of giving, I'm documenting like the features, the benefits people get from working with this in that sense right there.

Um, also kind of explains people the process and the product as well. So I'm explaining people, the processes and product. Um, and I'm also like showing off the different features and benefits inside of it.

We create three new ads a week, allow us to find profitable winners that we can put more money behind on a weekly basis. If you are a selling t-shirts, for example, uh, you might show off the buttery, soft fabric. Okay.

And then you can have like buttery, soft fabric. Um, and then how do you prove that in a video format, you can have someone touching it. You can have people wearing it and like feeling good in it.

Um, that's a really good way right there. Um, look good, feel good all day, have people wearing it in different, different environments, settings, and things like that, um, to back up that claim right there. So it's just other routes around this.

So boom, now we're, so we've kind of, we're building into the sales process. Okay. Never about your Facebook ads.

Again, terror solutions, runs your Facebook ads profitably by creating high converting ads. Our secret, we create three new ads a week, allow us to find profitable winners to put more money behind on a weekly basis. Wow.

Okay. That seems really cool. He seems like he's into something here now, but next question in your mind, huh?

Wonder what other people think. Okay. Now start hammering them with social proof and testimonials and stuff right here.

You know, client number one, Nick and his team are amazing. Client number two, they've helped me go from 50 KM off to 150 KM off. Client number three, uh, we've helped them go from a thousand dollars a day in profitable spend to $10,000 per day in profitable spend after agency, after agency couldn't yield on what they're going for.

So you can see right there, I'm digging into that social proof aspects. Again, if you're running, like say t-shirts, you can simply just do, um, a guy, you know, customers reacting to it. Like, uh, reaction videos are really good.

I really love those customer puts it on for the first time. So I'm talking really good about it. Um, that's great way of social proof.

And then also back it up with over 50,000 customers, trust your t-shirt brand or whatever, however many customers you have. Another really good one is social proof from the aspect of buying like new sites and stuff like that. So like getting on Forbes, GQ, things like that, um, getting those creditations, you can apply to the video creative itself.

Now, next one is overcoming objections. So a common objections for agencies is how much have you generated? Like, do you, do you have credible results?

Another one is, um, you know, like, or not, I'm going into overcome objections, prove superiority. So, and this one right here, how do we prove we're better than all the other agencies? Okay.

So again, we generated over $50 million online by spending less time in the ads manager than your agency and focus on what drives results, creation of high converting ads. So I'm hitting right here, two different key points. I'm hitting the point that we've generated over $50 million online by spending less by less time in the ads manager.

That right there doesn't really mean much. It's just more of just kind of like ad copy in that process process right there, but I'm showcasing that we've generated over $50 million online. So pretty much everyone who spent, who's done less than $10 million online, then, you know, we were basically trump them.

That's how we're proving our, we're better. Okay. And then we focus on what drives results, creation of high converting ads.

So likelihood is a lot of agencies, younger agencies, they don't really focus on what drives results. They're just testing all these random things in ad account. They're not really focusing on what actually matters in terms of performance.

So I want to prove that we're better by really focusing on that key selling point. Okay. That's how I prove we're better.

Okay. Now, can I prove that I'm better than a hundred million dollar agency? Well, look, what I might do for that is I might hit on the key point that those agencies, you got to talk to a lot of people, you get really low, slow, like you don't, you don't have much access to people who you can talk to.

You get really slow points in terms of like, there's such a big agency, don't really spend much time in your accounts. They don't have really close relationships with their clients. You're kind of just a number to them.

Whereas us, we value our relationships really deeply and we'll work with a few clients at a time. Okay. So I guess another way I can prove that we're better because I'm proving on just another key selling point for them.

Now, number six, overcoming objections. So what are the objections in the agency world? Obviously it's results.

I've already showed off enough results now to where that's probably not a rejection now. But what's another one long-term contracts. There's agencies out there that basically have like six and seven month, six and year month, like 12 month contracts.

So we're like, what's a good one. Okay. Hey, we don't have any long-term contracts.

You can cancel at any time. So now, boom, it's another objection down the drain. Okay.

So now like I'm really, I'm hitting all in all these key selling points or that I'm really properly educating the consumer on this, our agency and what we do and how we help them. Okay. I'm taking them and also too, I'm taking them through, like I'm handholding them through a sales process in one ad no longer about your Facebook ads, start reaching your revenue goals inside your store.

Um, so I'm just restating benefits. Look guys, I did this literally in like five, 10 minutes. So, um, and this whole thing copy right here.

So don't push me too much. Um, but no, don't worry, no longer worry about your Facebook ads and start reaching your new revenue goals inside your store. Just researching, restating the benefits of them working with this.

What are they going to get out of us working together? They're no longer have to worry. They're going to start reaching new revenue goals.

Like that's really great rings a lot for them. Now call to action plus guarantee, uh, get a quote today. So this will be like probably like an inch screen, get a quote today.

And then below I'll have like, you know, first month backed by our 30 day money back guarantee. Um, you can also do a guarantee on a separate slide. So just make that eight guarantee and then nine call to action.

Um, that's also another way you can do it as well, but guarantees are huge. Um, especially if you sell anything over 150 bucks or honestly, anything like anything and everything I'm not sure have a guarantee now. Um, it's just really realistically hard to compete.

And I find the people that are afraid of guarantees have a shitty business. I'm just gonna be very blunt with you guys. If you're afraid of a guarantee, you have a shitty business.

Okay. You should have so much faith and trust in your product that, you know, people won't even go for the guarantee. And if you do have a mindset of, oh, well then everyone's just going to refund their money back.

Then that's more of a self-reflection of your own kind of moral values and stuff like that. Because me personally, I've done guarantees in a lot of different businesses I've been involved in, never had any issues in like, look, like let's say for example, if 1% of people, 1% of your orders return and get a guarantee then, but 10% more orders come in, it makes up for it. So unless you're like really bad business model, you need to go fix it.

Um, if not then boom, like there you go. So basically, um, like I mentioned before, making ads more compelling equals better results. So this whole video right here, it's going to help you make more compelling ads.

Also have another video of like, if your ads not working, do this. And I go more in depth of like how to make ads more compelling on that. And, uh, yeah, guys, thanks for watching.

Um, I really appreciate your time today. Check this video out. Be sure to like button, hit subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And, uh, yeah, guys, again, my name is Nick Therrio. Oh, by the way, if you're making at least $50,000 per month with your business, click the link below, but call off me and my team. We'll hop in together and do a little strategy session together.

And, uh, if you like the strategy, go for it, take it, have fun with it, run with it, apply it yourself, or you have the option to work with us if you choose. So really appreciate that. Other than that, thank you all so much for watching the channel and supporting it.

And I, yeah, again, my name is Nick Therrio. Talk to you guys later. Peace.