So I got some questions about what iterations you should do when you find a winning ad and different things you can do to help, you know, basically find more winning ads. You found a winning ad, it's crushing, it's doing well. What are some other things you could do around that to further improve performance, further find some more winners?

So yeah, that being said, let's dive into the video. So you found a new winning ads, crushing, sales are up, all that good things. What are some iterations, variations, things like that.

So one of my favorite first things to do is to start look at new ways to basically say the same thing, new ways to basically, you know, take a concept, find new ways for it to not be repetitive, not be boring. Let's say I did a YouTube video on how to scale Facebook ads in 2024. And I went over the specific steps and everything like that.

Here's some other titles and some other videos. I just want you to be very clear here. I'm not saying these are new hooks, you will use them as a hook.

But it's not like, hey, just take the existing video, just keep swapping new hooks. This is whole new videos with new hooks that are still kind of relevant around what worked. So like I said, I made a video is crushing is called a how to scale Facebook ads in 2024.

Well, then what are some other ways to basically say scaling Facebook ads? So, you know, expert reveals how to scale Facebook ads, three ways to scale Facebook ads, how to scale Facebook ads without testing new creatives. And again, these are the way to say the same thing, just new ways to say it that's not repetitive, not boring.

And I'll go film complete new content around this, you know, this specific right there. And that's, that's me some new variations, variations of what's working. And, you know, I've seen this work really well.

So go find hook patterns, you know, just save a lot of hook patterns to the plate and to swap those hook patterns with the winning hook to where you find new variations and new styles of way to film that content. That's what I would go to first. Now, next thing, is it more of iterations where you're just changing one variable?

So you take an existing winning video that's crushing and we could try new actors, right? We could do different ages. So we can do maybe like a 25 year old, 30 year old, 50 year old.

Again, these are just random numbers. What I would encourage you to do is try one or two ages above the current actor and then one or two ages that are below the current actor. That's working well for you.

Again, exactly the same script. They're going to say everything. They're going to film exactly the same thing.

Just a different actor. I've seen that work really well as well. Next one is different ethnicity.

So again, just like the age group, we're going to do everything exactly the same, except we're just going to do different ethnicities. White, Asian, African-American, Hispanic. Just you can go look and figure out what's the top ethnicities in your particular area you're targeting.

And then you can test that out. Again, you're keeping script the same. They're filming everything the same.

You're just swapping out the person. That is it. Next one is different genders.

This is very straightforward. They're going to do everything exactly the same. Just going to swap out the gender.

Sometimes this might be a little tricky for right. Like if I own a women's dress brand, I'm not going to go after gender testing, right? 90% of people are probably going to be female.

Unless you know men are wearing your dress, then sure, go for it. It's 2024. So I guess I can't really discriminate on that.

Next one, filming locations. So here's actually a really great analogy, right? I filmed the video not too long ago.

And it was like, you know, how to scale Facebook ads in 2024. Filmed the sharts and I uploaded it to my YouTube channel. It got about 300 views, right?

I filmed it in here in this little, my laboratory. And I filmed that exact same video when I went to LA. When I went to LA, I rented a Lambo for the weekend just for fun.

You know, just to go drive around, never rented a Lambo before, went in the heels, all that good stuff. And then one of my buddy had the idea to actually film some sharts in the car. And you know, one of the sharts I did was how to scale Facebook ads in 2024.

So one location was in here, got about 300 views. The other location was the Lamborghini and I was sitting in it. I didn't show the Lamborghini.

Like you, you really had to know what a Lamborghini looked like. So you know that, Hey, he's in a Lamborghini, right? And that video got like three to 4,000 views, about 10 X more.

Literally the only difference was the location. I said exactly the same thing in both ones, but the location was different. So look at different filming locations, with your product.

Maybe you did like I did. Maybe you need to go rent a Lambo. Maybe you need to go into a different style apartment.

You know, it's like if I was trying to sell like luxury clothing and I was filming in a little crack shack in the middle of nowhere, right? Like no one would resonate with that. But then I go rent out a Manhattan apartment and you can see like, you know, Times Square in the background or something like that.

That's when you get substantially better, like, Oh shit, nice with that luxury clothing. So different filming locations, you're saying, doing everything exactly the same. You're just in a new location.

And lastly, length. Let's say I did a 10 minute video on how to scale Facebook ads or, you know, a 60 second video on how to scale Facebook ads. I could try a 15 second, a 30 seconds.

Typically what I'll see is when you go for a shorter length, it forces you to remove more of the clutter and just the, you know, what I would say, just kind of like the bullshit, just that, you know, that the waste in it. And that actually makes better creatives right there. Cause you only talk about the important things and I'll tend to see shorter videos actually perform substantially better.

Assuming you have a really good landing page as well. You know, some products you need more education, but we want to do that all the landing page and we want to drive more curiosity with that creative. So yeah, guys, this is a couple of different iterations and variations you could do.

These are more iterations right here from, you know, actors all the way up to filming locations. And you can even say length technically, cause all you're doing is just removing stuff. You're not adding anything.

You're not changing the script. You're just, you're just shorting it down a little bit. So this is more variations cause you're looking for new ways to say the same thing without being repetitive, without being boring.

All right. Awesome guys. Hope y'all enjoyed this video.

Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, click link below. We specifically help Shopify stores scale from six figures a month to seven figures a month.

We've helped four brands now love to help you become the next one. Also have a group of mentoring students that I personally want to one mentor with. So click link below to have Nick Theria mentor you.

And then my intermediate to advanced Facebook ads course, going over marketing fundamentals, click link below for that next Facebook ads course. Thank y'all so much for watching. Have a good, I see you day.

Peace out.