Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. Nick Theriault here and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I will be giving you a marketing degree within 10, 15, 20 minutes. So this is going to be a really impactful video. I'm really going to be diving into the core concepts of marketing and your job as a marketer.

If you can master this one specific thing, you'll master all of your ads, all your creatives and all that good stuff. So with that being said, also to just my apologies now, I am currently sick. So just energy is a little bit down and I'm all nasally and blah, blah, blah, blah.

So just appreciate it. No horrible comments below because I'm sick. I know, but Hey, I'm still producing content out for you guys and consistency is key.

So with that being said, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Well guys, let's jump into it. So I want to talk to you guys about your job as a marketer and the reason why I wanted to make this video.

Um, this is like a big portion of why I want to create my course in the first place is because a lot of you guys who are on here, you've probably picked up Facebook ads from watching some YouTube videos, started your own drop a shipping business or actual e-com business, or even started a e-com agency. And what the problem is, is you've learned Facebook ads as half backwards or however you want to say it. Um, you basically, you've learned it from the tool, but you haven't learned the actual fundamental concepts that you need to learn to apply, to make those tools work.

It's like, if I just handed you a tool you've never, ever used before, I'm just like, here you go. And you don't really know the theory behind it of how I actually use that tool in the most effective way. And that's why I wanted to make this video.

So we need to understand is what is your job as a marketer. And once you understand this, you can apply this to any business, apply this to any ad, any creative, et cetera. So your job as a marketer.

So here we go. So your job as a marketer is to literally take problems people are having. So problems people are having, and then we want to connect that to their dream life.

You say dream life for dream outcome. So with marketing, we're basically coming there and we're basically taking problems or people are currently having right now, and we're channeling them into our product to get their dream outcome. So let's do here and then let's do put that right in the middle of that boy in the middle.

Cool. So this is the basic Lee, what you're doing as a marketer. So let me just do this.

So problems people are currently having, we're taking that and we're marketing to them of how to get their dream outcome. It's a most simplistic way, you know, how to get there. We're basically showing them how to get their dream income.

And so you basically, you need to understand the problems people are currently having, and you need to understand what their dream outcome is. And then that's it. Like literally that's 99% of what marketing is.

The next step is to basically, once you understand this, and you can do this through audience research, market research, all that good stuff, really understand that and then understand their dream outcome as well. What do they want to see? So let me give you guys an example.

Problems people are currently having. Let's say if I'm trying to sell a Facebook ad service. Well, problems people are currently having, they're struggling with iOS 14.5.

They can't scale their ads effectively. They're having trouble with their Facebook ad creatives. They don't know what a good creative looks like.

They don't know how to create good creatives. They do not know how to, um, you know, effectively create a psychology driven creative. That's problems people are currently having right now.

What is their dream outcome? Well, dream outcome is they're scaling their store to multiple six figures a month or a year. Uh, they are scaling or pushing paid advertising.

And every day it's just increasing on a daily basis. It's steadily increasing. Everything just lined up perfect.

And they're, they're rocking it with their econ business and paid advertising. So how can I take you from these problems you're currently having to dream outcome? What do, what's, how does my product get you there?

Well, first off it's a course. It shows you all the proven systems, structures, et cetera, like that. So when I'm marketing that course to you, I need to illustrate to you that, Hey, these are the problems you're currently having.

And this is my product. That's going to get you X, Y, Z this awesome, amazing dream outcome. So you have to understand that this also applies into say, for example, clothing brands, clothing brand, the problem people are likely having is a lifestyle crisis.

Um, the problem they're having is, you know, they, they want this, they want this really cool lifestyle where there's being in the gym, you know, looking really good in the gym and this gym bro lifestyle, kind of like gym shark has done. So what they do is they illustrate that through their marketing of how awesome their clothes is in the gym, how well they perform. They're also solving a problem in the market with a quality gym material, but then also to on the same tide, they are also selling you a lifestyle that you want.

You want that lifestyle and they're selling it to you through buying their clothing. And that makes you give you a sense of fulfillment that you've gotten that dream outcome. So you really have to understand that marketing essentially is taking someone from problems to outcomes they want.

And then marketing essentially gets them here. So once you understand that, um, then everything becomes really easy. And the reason why I say that everything becomes really easy is because then what you can do is, is you can do the audience research.

You can figure out their problems. You know, what's their current problems, what's their dream outcomes, and then how does my product get them there? So you also need to understand that you're not just doing market research.

You're essentially doing, you know, you need to understand that your product is the vehicle to get them there. And this is where, why we turn down so many people at our agency is because we just, their products aren't there. And the product is 90% of the, uh, the battle when it comes up for performance.

If your product isn't there, throw in paid advertising to it. It's going to do nothing but burn money. So you have to understand that to complete this whole cycle, you need to have a great product that provides a really great solution to their current problems right now.

And when you understand that, um, one, if you're an agency, you'll really start being a little bit more picky about what products you take on board and stuff. Uh, cause that, that does have a huge impact on performance. Um, but two, if you're a drop shipper, you're going to go out there and try to find more, you know, be a little bit smarter about the products and stuff that you choose and everything.

So you need to understand that. So now that you understand the problems, you understand the dream outcome. And then also to you understand that, Hey, how does my product get them there?

The last thing you need to understand is what makes these people tick. And there's a fight five, six, eight core emotions we all face, but you need to understand what brings them. What, what they fear?

What do they fear? Do they get angry yet? What brings them joy?

What do they love? If you can understand these core emotions right here, fear, anger, joy, and love, and really further go down into, okay, here's kind of like my customer avatar. Here's kind of my customer and stuff.

And these are the core emotions around that problem. So what do they fear? So let's say if we're going back down to someone that's struggling with Facebook ads right now, what do they fear?

Well, they fear spending a bunch of money on Facebook ads and not making anything back. They fear of maybe even deeper having to go back and get their nine to five again. What gets them angry?

iOS 14.5 really angers them testing, continuously testing solutions and strategies over online and consistently keep getting failure of results from all these strategies. That's working really great for everyone else. that's anger right there.

Like it's frustration and anger around that specific problem. What brings them joy when they bring out, you know, they launch a campaign and they see some really great success with it. What do they love?

They love their online business. They love running Facebook ads. They love doing marketing.

They love, you know, they love the grind and the grit of everything. It's really great about this culture and stuff. So you really need to understand all that.

And the reason why we understand those emotions is because what happens is, is then we can start to picture out the creative. So if they, what they fear, um, is, okay, I think I said something around like, you know, they fear spending a bunch of money. So a creative concept could be an ads manager with very low row as and no results are very high spin.

Boom. So now we're starting to build the creatives out the actual video photos and the actual creatives and everything. And that's a creative concept right there.

What do they get angry at? Well, they get angry at gurus preaching strategies and charging for strategies. And they're constantly testing strategy over strategy over strategy.

Um, so we could have some of our creative concept that is anti guru with a bunch of failed strategies. Now what brings them joy, brings them excitement. We use them that rush ads manager with big results that look great.

Okay. What do they love? Well, they just love sitting down, working on some ads, growing their business.

They love the sense of fulfillment of, you know, of either a providing really good results for our clients or B, uh, providing a great product to the people and seeing the success and everything. Um, they love being in a comfortable state, essentially of results, consistently scaling and growing and their, their momentum is moving forward. Um, so this creative concept could be a guy or girl sitting at a computer happy.

And it's just, it's illustrating that particular lifestyle right there. Uh, they're going after it. So like literally in this video, we've gone ahead, we've talked about, and again, I know it's a little bit slower than typical it is.

Uh, but what we've done is we've established what your job is as a marketer, how your marketing bridges, the gaps in play. And then also to how to go deeper into it. Okay.

Here we've identified the problems. We've identified the outcomes. Our customer avatar wants, we identified how our product gets them there.

And then, okay, what makes these people tick? What do they fear? What did they get angry at?

What brings them joy? What did they love? And now we're starting to pull together the creatives essentially that these people would resemble and recognize with.

So we've actually go through this whole process with every single client we take on and just our emotional, like literally have a Google sheet that has all the emotions on it. It's like the eight core, it's either six or eight. And we literally do a whole brainstorm sesh with my media buyer, uh, me as a strategist, uh, our copywriter and our creative director.

And we just really dig deep into what makes the customers of our clients tick and how we can effectively get in front of them. And, um, you know, just really get in there and like, you know, sell them our product in the most efficient way as possible. But once I understood all of this and really understood what my job as a marketer is, and this is how I've been able to rapidly increase my results because then I can apply this framework to my creatives.

I'm creating better creatives. I'm effectively selling a product more efficiently. And then what I'm doing right here is it's boosting my performance in my ad account.

Again, this is 80% of what you need to be focusing on 20% of it should be ad account. So this is not something you should be like, this is the type of stuff that gives you more work every single day. So I really hope you guys enjoyed this video.

I know it was kind of slow. I'm in a little bit of boring, but once you really study these concepts, it's going to make a hundred percent massive difference in your marketing. And you really need to spend time on this and get creative with it.

This is not something that you just do once or twice and then see some poor results. You have to really, really dig into this and spend a lot of time in it. So if you guys enjoyed this video, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you're an e-com business owner doing at least 25 K a month, and you would love for us to help you out with your advertising, click link below to book a free ad account audit. We'll basically go through your business, figure out what you need to do to increase performance. And we'll give you an actionable plan that you can either take and run with it, or you have the option to run with this, to work with this if you choose.

So again, click the link below to book that free call. Well guys, my name is Nick Terrio, and I really hope you enjoyed this video and I'll talk to you guys later. You have a great day.

Peace.