If you're an employee, to figure out how to use this stuff is such an unlock that you can legitimately 2 to 3x your salary. You go to chat GPT. I want to be a marketing manager.

Okay, I just submitted 1,000 applications for you. This is pretty much about as high leverage as it gets of being able to hire 500 people with a $200 a month subscription plan. There was a farting app on eBay for sale for a million dollars.

You're never too late for anything. You only know that you were late once it's over. I opened up a chat GPT operator in 10 different tabs.

And I wanted to see how many could run concurrently. And it was six. I had 10 prompts in 10 tabs.

And I ran six and then I clicked seven and it's like, nope, too many. So I ran six and then I would close one and then run the seven, close one, run the eight. And it was the most beautiful thing I've ever captured on my screen in my life.

It was amazing. Some people collect cars. Other people, NFTs and fancy, fancy board eight clubs.

I do that too. Chris is out here with Chrome tabs. That's right.

What were they doing? I got one operator to run chat GPT for me. I had chat GPT running chat GPT.

Which was crazy. We were talking on MyBuyGuys yesterday as far as like fear of will we have employees. And it's going to quickly become you can build massive outputs.

Like, you know, you talk about leverage, right? And like this is pretty much about as high leverage as it gets of being able to hire 500 people with a $200 a month subscription plan or whatever that looks like. That's going to be incredible.

Well, dude, the thing was, was I had six running at a time and four of them didn't need any help from me. It didn't need any help. And what were they doing?

You said once running chat GPT, what's the rest of them doing? One of them was looking for arbitrage opportunities with used cars and then assigning NADA and Kelly Blue Book values to them. One of them was scraping Chamber of Commerce websites for email addresses.

And it had like other tabs open. Like, I could see at all these tabs. It's going to be pretty crazy too when you can, like, you know how there's the LL.

Anyone listening to this that's technical, ignore my monkey brain as far as like. Forget it. What's called LL?

LLMs? LLM. Yeah.

Local learning models. Language learning models. Oh, so what is it called when you feed it a set amount of documents, pages, whatever, and then it takes all of its insights from that.

Maybe it's not as important. Whatever the term is, it'll be really interesting if I can install something on my MacBook that says just watch. Like a local.

Yes. Yeah. Watch what I do over the next 20 business days.

And the way I respond to things, I want you to respond to things. The way that I, you know, take notes here, you take notes. And whenever I want to train you, if you're, if you see me jumping from Gmail to this software, it's, I'll pull out my notes app and I'll type in the notes app why I'm doing it as if I have a mentee that's sitting right next to me.

And then it just absorbs all of that data. And it's the equivalent of having an intern that you're coming in, that's coming into your company and you're training them. And then it's, all right, it's a work now.

Yeah. So that kind of partially exists. There's a program called Limitless AI.

Have you heard of that? No. What's Limitless?

It started as rewind.ai. It's Silicon Valley company. They rebranded.

They just shipped a pendant, which I'm a pre-order of it. So it's an app plus a wearable, but it also, the app stands alone. You don't need to have the wearable.

And the pendant is just like a clip and it just records everything. It hears everything. It recognized voices.

You can tell it, Hey, this guy doesn't want to be recorded. Okay. I won't record him.

Anonymize this. I've got mine, like mine is coming in the mail any day now, and I cannot wait. And it's going to record everything.

Now, for what you were talking about, the app, the Mac app and the iPhone app does that. It will record everything on your screen. And then you can say, what was that tweet I saw about so-and-so three weeks ago?

Oh, it was this. But it's not quite to the point where it's like, all right, you know how I do things. You've been watching for a month.

Go tell this to Stephanie, right? It's not quite there yet. So we talked a little bit yesterday about you thinking that this can be a huge unlock for elderly people with a chat GPT app wrapper.

Like, God, to be an executive assistant right now, I would be terrified. I mean, yes. So one hand, yes.

On the other hand, like the executive assistant has to position it as, Hey, look what I just learned. Look what I just learned. Look what I just learned.

It's like, all right, you're my guy or you're my girl for this, right? Can you run these spreadsheets through it and see if we can save money here? Sure.

Like that's how an executive assistant can go from making 40,000 a year to 400,000 a year. Right. But most people aren't going to be inclined to do that.

They're just going to be like, Oh, shucks. Oh, I guess. There are 304,000 executive assistants in the United States based on job numbers today.

This is going to capture a whole hell of a lot of market share from there. And I think the most interesting versions of these are going to be the same with, you see all the staffing agencies popping up now, the somewhere.coms, you know, growth assistants, whatever else making niche operators models, because eventually they're all going to do everything. So, you know, if you want to go to chat GPT and have it do anything, it will.

But I think specifically building around what are the highest, the TAM, maybe the TAM or just like most niche services of these would be super effective. So like the ones that I would come out with right off the bat would probably be executive assistants. The other one would probably be some form of bookkeeping service or software.

Another one within a company specifically, probably some form. I mean, I don't want to say admin or like project manager, but like it's got, it's got to be more niche. I mean, I would imagine the CSCX ones are kind of already getting heavily overblown.

I'm worried about the somewheres of the world, honestly, like all these offshore recruiters because you and I both know a lot of these guys. There's every other guy on Twitter has an offshore recruiting company and executive assistants is like the 80, 20 of it. Like that's who they're finding people.

They're not really finding a lot of bookkeepers or video editors at these niche things. It's like someone helped me with my emails. Right?

No, I agree. That's tough. All right.

So here's, here's something that this kind of revolves around AI more, more than anything. It is. I'm not going to use names that I'm not going to use a company name.

Let's just say for the sake of this conversation here, it's a super fast growing company that everyone who listens to your podcast has heard of. And it's not like a fang company or whatever, but like you've heard of them. So I have a friend, the friend's significant other works at this company.

They do sales. And the sales process is you round robin leads as the leads come in and they submit the contact form or whatever they do and they fill out the doc and they get round robin into a sales rep. Now that sales rep has 15 minutes to, I think it's 15 minutes, 15 or 30 minutes, something like that to respond to the lead, you know, Hey, so-and-so here to help you, whatever.

Otherwise they lose the lead. Pretty typical process for, I think a good amount of sales teams. Well, if they lose the lead, what happens is that lead then goes into, it's either a shared email thread or a Slack channel and it's up for grabs for everyone.

And so anyone can grab it and jump on it. Now, the way that you claim it is I believe you either have to click on the link and then it automatically gets assigned to your name and a CRM or you react to it in Slack or something of that nature. So my friend's significant other is doing the sales job and they're like, this sucks because I'm one, I'm losing my own leads because I'll be on a demo and I'll get a new lead in.

And if I don't respond to it because I'm talking to somebody else trying to sell them, I lose it. Secondly, like there are other people on the team who all they do is just sit in that Slack channel. And so if you're not responding to that lead within the first like 10 seconds, maybe not 10 seconds, maybe like 30 seconds, you lose it.

Like for sure. You're a victim of your own success. Exactly.

And so my friends or their significant other went to some AI development app, which is not technical, just to like throw that out there, not technical in the slightest, built a program where basically it'll run on your computer and it will find the Slack channel and it'll instantly click on the link the second that something is sent. That person's significant other is now the top sales rep at this company. Oh man.

Gets almost every lead. And it makes you think like, you know, we talk all the time about like entrepreneurs, like cracking the code and like getting more alpha out of this. And, you know, maybe that would be less employees.

If you're an employee to figure out how to use this stuff to do your job is such an unlock that like you can legitimately two to three X your salary if you're in a commission based role or probably potentially just work at multiple jobs, which I'm not a fan of from an employee standpoint, but you could probably get a lot of alpha from that. What do you think? My brother-in-law just took a job with a $130 million company in the Southeast United States.

Very boomer owned company, very old school, like everything, the product they sell, the industry, it's all very old school. But, you know, family owned, been around for 50 years, 130 million bucks and very efficient because they only have like a hundred and something employees, right? He just joined the company on the sales team and he starts talking about chat GPT and I like, what, what chat GPT?

He's like, yeah, yeah. Chat GPT. And they're like, huh?

What is that? Like a cryptocurrency? They don't know.

They don't know. And so I asked him, I said, what percentage of your colleagues, not like have heard about it, but like use it occasionally. He says 5%.

Five. Which that, that can't be normal. That can't be average.

Right. I don't know. I bet it is.

Like. And so I tweeted about it and I said 15% because I didn't think that people would believe me. I thought they would think I was lying.

And I sent the tweet to him and he's like, dude, it's five. Like it's legitimately 5%. Nothing like, like thinking that somebody is going to think you're lying.

So you lie. So that way they think they know the truth. I know.

I know. I know. But he looks like a God to them.

He's like a, he's like an alien from the future. Like, tell us what's going to happen. It's the free chat GPT plan.

That's it. Well, so I mean, on that note too, like my dad, 60 years old, doesn't know a whole lot about chat GPT, AI, all of that stuff. Had an insurance thing that recently came up, had to file a claim, wanted to figure out, you know, what he was eligible for, for that claim.

So he sends me the 125 page document that is his insurance binder, you know, quick upload a cloud, quick upload a chat GPT, say, here's exactly what happened. Find everything that's relevant. Spit it out for me.

Like this is a, anyone listening, this is a very textbook cut and dry use case of something like this. He sent me the document and within, you know, 15 minutes, cause it took me five minutes to see the email, 10 minutes to do the work, spit it back out into a Google doc, export it as a PDF, send it back to him. And it's like, here are the exact sections and page numbers.

Here's the summary at the top. And you know, like it's the perfect chat GPT response to everything. And he calls me, he's like, you did not just read that 125 page document in 15 minutes.

He's like, how did you find this so quick? Like, and I was like, on top of it, there's a couple of tools online. Cause it's not worth explaining.

Like AI is doing everything, but blown away, blown away. So yeah, I mean, I think it is early, early innings. And I think that's probably pretty common sense to anyone listening here, but what do you think about like other, like, are you talking about your brother-in-law here?

Like in, we talk all the time about entrepreneurial uses, what's the new business that can be started? Somebody might've been, might've been Greg Eisenberg just posted today on Twitter, like all of the YC themes for 2025 of like what, you know, they're looking for in his AI agents to replace $100,000 employees. Okay.

Understood. If I'm an employee listening to this right now, which, you know, you have a very entrepreneurial audience, but I bet it's still more employees just by power law and the nature of that. Let's go through like different employee classes that they can just go from a contributor to like a 10 X-er without more work.

Is that, do you think that'd be helpful? Yeah. So just like go to like, start thinking of job titles.

So video is cool, but you know, what's better long form audio via podcast and my newsletter, TKO pod.com. Go there to subscribe for free to my newsletter. It's one email a week, very tactical.

And then go to my audio podcast, three episodes a week, stuff like this. You're going to love it. All free.

No sleazy sales, bitch. TKO pod.com. I mean, I've been just thinking from like a marketing standpoint or like, like, I don't know if you're in sales, like assume they want to keep their job.

You're saying like, how can they embrace AI to keep their job and make a lot more money? Exactly. And then like, I'm even thinking from, okay, I'm in operating with the recruiting world right now, right?

With constant hire. So I have, I have two recruiters on our team right now. Like their job today is something that I currently don't think AI can do a very good job with, which is evaluating talent.

And like, it's the same way where, you know, the bulk of the workflow of what somebody does today, you go on LinkedIn recruiter pro. You enter in all the keywords and I want to hire a lifecycle marketer. They got to have Klaviyo in the bio.

They got to have Shopify. They got to have, you know, the word LTV somewhere in there. Okay.

AI can do that, but also like, so can filters on LinkedIn really. So like, it's not really a huge unlock there. What can AI then do to evaluate talent better?

Is it, do you want to jump on a demo and AI is gauging them from a video call? Cause most interviews, you can't know if they're weirdo or not in the first two minutes or, or like, you know, what would that process look like? Could you have them upload like a loom video of them talking through something?

And then you upload the video to AI? I think your point too, on the outbound messaging side with Facebook marketplace is super relevant. Like even just there's a ton of work that needs to get done with just the open new tab, copy and paste message, send message, wait for response, send calendar link, like something that BDRs do all day long.

Like can, do they have to? I mean, there's this company that just raised 50 million to build an AI agent for sales processes. Yeah.

That's, I mean, 50 million bucks and it's a wrapper. It's an agent. Would you raise money for something like that right now?

I don't know why you need to. First of all, you need distribution. Maybe.

I mean, I don't know. It sounds like, I think the one thing that we are, that is going to be increasingly important is positioning. So in a world where like anything can be made, like the product is no longer the innovation because it's so easily replicable.

Having positioning of where, why somebody should buy yours versus somebody else's. Like why should somebody buy your email software for somebody else's? Oh, well, I'm email software for veterinarians.

Everyone else is geared towards e-commerce, right? That's super important. And then distribution.

And so I think getting somebody's attention, like there's a reason that on my iPhone 16, the, whatever the button's called, the super button on the side now, quick button, quick hot button, whatever it's called. It opens up chat to you first. And there are other ones too.

Like there's Claude, there's Anthropix, there's a million other ones. But it opens up chat to you first because chat to you was the first one that I used. And it's the best.

I don't know. Maybe it is. But it's also just the one that I think of first when I think of AI.

And like, I think it's hard to underestimate that. Like I know prior to the whole marketing scandal that happened a couple of years ago, if you look at the sales volume difference between Bud Light and the second most popular beer in America, it was like a 10x difference, which is crazy to think about. Like Miller was the second one, right?

And that's because when you think of cheap draft beer, you think Bud Light. And some people prefer Miller Light, of course. But like the difference between one and two is so drastic that I think everyone's raising this money to try to be the number one in all of the categories.

Yeah. I just I don't know. I don't want to raise money.

You know? Yeah. I think you missed one thing.

And you said like first to market, marketing wins, community wins, platform loyalty, design. I think design is very important. That's one thing that Greg Eisenberg talks about is interface design loyalty, right?

Like if we if I build a wrapper for let's say I want to build a wrapper that is a like a handyman app and it's just it's just chat chat GPT for fixing stuff around the house. If someone gets used to using that, even if the design isn't great, they're just like it becomes part of their daily routine and their habits. Like they'll use it for a decade.

They'll use it forever. And there's going to be a million competitors, but maybe they're better, but they're not going to go to the app store looking for a replacement. If it just keeps working.

I still think that feels like it's first to market, though, because and I only say that because like every other competitor these days can just rip off your exact same design. You had a great tweet yesterday or two days ago whenever you posted it of like secret to being a millionaire. Copy everything like blatantly steal and be relentless about it.

Billionaire is true innovation. Like in my mind, every single company afterwards can still just copy the same exact design. And I might have my users wrong here.

So so don't crucify me in the comments if that's the case. But I do think that like threads, Facebook's alternative for X, right? Like I think it's actually doing decently well.

But like it's it's got arguably better, but like very good design compared to X. But like X has been around for so long that like the distribution matters. And I think, you know, if threads launches a standalone app, I think it would flop hard.

Like I don't think it would get nearly the amount of traction. Threads does have a standalone app. Sorry.

What I mean is if they did not get the distribution from Facebook. Oh, right. Like, right.

Agreed. So and so came out and launched the same exact designed product. I don't think it would work.

Because it's a network effects, right? Like, yeah. It's hard to recreate that distribution from day one.

Yeah. Yeah. I just think that from like my handyman rapper idea, I feel like let's say I went and raised a hundred million dollars to launch a handyman app that was just a chat GPT rapper.

And we just threw it all at Facebook ads. I feel like just because of the small percentage of people that even knows this is possible and the large amount of people on this planet, you're still only going to get a little bit of market penetration, even if you're first. I just think it takes so long to really get to main street.

You know? Yeah. I think that's true, too.

I also think with all of this stuff, like the AI part is not even going to be an important piece. Like, don't get me wrong. That's what solves everything.

But like understanding that it's AI is not the value. The value is it's just actually that much easier. It's magic.

It's like magic. Yes. Yes.

Mm hmm. A hundred percent. Yeah, I agree with that.

Have you played around with the voice feature on chat GPT? Yeah, that's cool. Two to three times only, though.

The one thing that I used it for, well, actually, you know, don't do the voice stuff that you're using it for, because I've mostly just done it when I'm sitting with my mom next to me and I'm like, mom, ask them, like, hum a song and ask them what song this is. And like to her, that's the coolest thing on the planet. I used it with my eight year old.

We were just learning about Neuralink. And I'm like, who do you want to be like when you grow up? Elon Musk.

Let's learn about Elon Musk. Have you ever heard of The Boring Company? No.

Tell us about The Boring Company. And it was like we were driving around, we were on a date, and it was like we had a passive genius with us in the backseat that we could just opt out whenever we wanted. All right, you're annoying.

Get out. Oh, you want to learn from you right now. You know, it was just like a no pressure friend, genius friend that we could just talk to at any point.

And that was the first time I had ever used like the conversational voice feature. And I had heard it was mind blowing and it was mind blowing. Like, I thought it was mind blowing.

Yeah, no, it feels like magic. And it feels so I have a very stubborn friend. He's a little bit against AI right now, just just against the back.

Why is it so much better than Google? Whatever. For the first 10 minutes, I was struggling to give them examples that couldn't just be rebuttaled with, well, I can Google that.

And I was going through all of my stuff because like this is I'm basically using like Google, but I'm getting a lot better responses. And so I was trying to give them a short phrase as to why it's better. And what I've come to start telling people, I'm sure you probably have another version, especially with operator out now that you tell people is Google has everything.

But you search and then you find. And JackCVD has everything and it's like asking the smartest person in the world. And they're like your personal tutor.

Like it's like a one to one versus a one to many is what it feels like. Yeah. I mean, it's like think of it like three tiers.

Let's say I want to get a job as a marketing manager. Yeah. Okay.

So I'm going to go to Google and I'll say, I want to get a job as a marketing manager. And it's going to show me some blog articles, maybe from like Indeed, maybe blog articles that are written with AI. It's going to be broad.

It's going to be generic. Here's what you got to do here. Here's the salary you might expect.

Okay, cool. Then you go to, you go up the ladder, you go to chat GPT. I want to be a marketing manager.

Okay. Here's exactly what you got to do. Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

But then you go up the ladder and you go, you go to chat GPT operator or an agent or chat GPT tasks. And you're like, I want to be a marketing manager. And it's like, okay, I just submitted 1000 applications.

I know that you live in Phoenix. I know that you like work-life balance. You want part remote part.

So we'll, let's see if we hear back. Like that's the difference. Our 1000 person AI agent, 1000 applications just went out.

We just got exactly 300 responses back because everyone else's AI agent already reviewed our application. Yeah. And then now we're getting 300 loom requests.

Here we go. Yeah. Or it's, it goes a step further.

It's like, okay, you have a job. You got four offers, but we didn't think you'd like these three. And we whittled it down to one.

You're going to be paid $108,000 a year. Here's your benefits package. You show up on Monday.

Like, I wonder, tell me that's not different than Google. Well, do you know, you know, biology, right? The big crypto futurist guy.

So I actually haven't heard him talk about this in a couple of years, but maybe one to two years ago, his big bet was that in the age of remote work more, the idea of having a job is going to go away. And this is before all of this open AI operator stuff. His theory was that it was, it's going to be as simple as ever to say, I have this project.

It's an immediate freelance fill. Like somebody joins in, bids on it, whatever. And you're like, great.

You're in like, you complete the task. There's like a crypto contract or something like that. And then you're immediately paid out.

But like the idea of having a steady Eddie going job in the long future from now is going to go away. So, you know, interesting thing to think about here too, especially as like AI gets up and running. Yeah.

It's like kind of being like a sniper. You're just hired for jobs doing micro tasks. Right.

And everything's like validated on the blockchain and you get paid immediately and it's all trustless. I, I feel like we're just further away from that than, than we think, you know, that just feels like a far reach for me. That's what I would say too.

And then you start seeing all this, like all of the stuff that's come out over the last three years. And now I'm like, well, I don't know anything about anything. So whatever, I feel like, like the amount of smart people that know about crypto and AI is finite, right?

Very finite. And over the last couple of years, all the attention has gone to AI and everything that Bology said, like largely relies upon the blockchain and crypto. Right.

So just naturally just AI booming, I think has pushed that timeline out further because it's just less of a priority. You know what I'm saying? Whereas if AI never happens, we could be there by now already.

So you've been running all of these operators and it's at a good time too, because I quite literally need like an admin related person right now to join a team. And it's very, very admin style work. Send out the invoice, follow up on the emails, stuff like that.

Have you used Lindy yet? No, never heard of that. You gotta use Lindy.

I've got a link. Affiliate link in my bio. Yeah.

Okay. It's like Zapier with AI. Like you can use like Zapier has an open AI integration, right?

But Lindy makes it so much easier. It's just like AI plus Zapier plus equals agents that are very user-friendly. Let me give you examples.

And this is specifically on the recruiting side of stuff. So I'll go pretty tactical here. I make a placement.

Somebody hires a candidate that would send them. Cool. They need to have an invoice sent.

Like do I email ConnorsLindy at Lindy.ai and say X, Y, and Z, whatever the code word is that I set up. And then it opens up my HubSpot account and it pulls out, it creates a custom payment link based on a training that I taught it. And then send it off to X client that I tell it to.

It could do that. Good. Okay.

I don't know if it's only going to be Lindy because the amount of integrations they have is limited. But Lindy plus Zapier, I'm 99% sure it could do that. Okay.

What about, all right, I used an ATF's applicant tracking system to track candidates. And something that's kind of annoying is that they don't have a feature right now that gives like a third party of you. So like in an ideal world, our client can see all of the candidates that we are screening, hiring, sourcing, whatever.

In the actual world, we have to copy and paste the good ones to a spreadsheet and the clients see the spreadsheet. Can it open up that app if it doesn't have like a third party API? Like I can create like a seat for it basically and it'll log in and do all of that.

That's probably tough. Okay. So it needs the API, right?

Yeah. Okay. Interesting mousetail.

But even, but ChatGPT's operator has a feature where you can train it what to do with your mouse clicks, right? Right. Okay.

So this was, this was my original question that I was going to ask you, which was, if I didn't use Lindy, do I need to have a tab open all the time to run that? Like I log in at 9am and I open up ChatGPT and I say, do the thing where you're copying and pasting, you know, the qualified candidates throughout the day. And then at five o'clock, I shut my computer and it's done.

I bet you could do that with the operator right now. I bet you could. And isn't it so crazy how, how fast humans reset their expectations of things?

I saw Sam like, like send a tweet and I was like, to some person on Twitter, like calm down on the feature request. Like we'll give you more magic AI in the sky in like a couple of weeks. This is like a month or two ago.

And it's like a week, literally a week ago today, I think is when operator came out or something around this. And if you told me that that was possible, I'd be like, and now, now that we're talking about, I was like, yeah, but I want to run what I'm not around. An hour ago, I was watching a Louis CK.

You know who that is? Yeah. The comedian.

I was watching a clip from him on like the Conan O'Brien show from eight years ago, because on Twitter, I posted about something incredible. And this guy commented and he's like, I don't know. I tried operator and it was just kind of slow.

And I pulled up that clip to respond to him with it. And he's complaining because he's like, this was eight years ago. He's like, I was just on this flight and they had high speed internet.

And it was like one of the first flights where they offered it. And we all pulled out our laptops and it was fast. And I was watching Netflix and it was amazing.

And then it went out and they announced like, you know, internet's down right now. And the guy next to me was like, this is bullcrap. This is bullcrap.

And he's like, you're in a chair in the sky. You are in a chair in the sky right now. He's like, you zero contributor waste of society.

You are in a chair. And it's like, you told me, I had this thought when you told me about helping your dad, you're like, yeah. And I took this 150 page complex document for his insurance agency.

And I uploaded it and I'm over here like, yeah, big deal. Okay. And it's like, that's incredible that you did that.

Like, how is that so normal now? Yeah, no, it gets incredibly normalized real fast. And that's why like, you know, people need more hard things to do in their day to day.

Like we're sitting over here and the average American with your air conditioning and food delivery apps. Yes. Has more royalty than the kings and queens did.

300 plus years ago. Right. But it's like, my life is hard.

It's like true, but like different kind of hard. All right. What'd you think?

Please share it with a friend and we'll see you next time on the Kerner office.