I think there's a lot of opportunity, especially for someone that's looking for their first business. It's a really easy business to start. You can easily run this whole business on 15 hours a week.

Every aspiring entrepreneur, they know that having an audience is powerful, but 95% of them have no desire to get in front of the camera. It sucks. I feel like this is a great loophole where you can just, through Claude, through Chajubid, use emails to build an audience.

35,000 people in a city is more powerful than a million TikTok followers that are worldwide. It is. $144,000 a year in revenue just on our news that are at Instagram.

It's $2,800 for one post. It's essentially a business that can't lose. The longer I'm in the business, the more money I'm going to make.

If I wanted to, in three years, I could run for me. Now, only the OG fans of this podcast will remember this, but a whole year and a half ago, when I first started this podcast, it originally began as a question and answer show. And it was live.

People would call in, ask me questions about their business or their business idea, and I would answer it on the spot. Well, in one of those first episodes, this guy from Canada named Jazz called, and he was throwing around this idea for a business. And I gave him some advice.

He took the advice. And now a year later, he has a profitable six-figure business on his hands. And he just launched another business that's already profitable, that piggybacks on that first business.

That I helped him launch. This is a business that literally anyone could start with almost no money. The path to growth is very clear and outlined in this episode.

So let's go. I think there's a lot of opportunity in local newsletters, you know, especially for someone that's looking for the first business, even I would say, right? It's a really easy business to start.

And honestly, as step-by-step as it gets, right? Like, yeah, like you're just basically replacing the traditional media and people are looking for something new. So, okay.

So why don't we start by you telling me about your local newsletter? Where's it based? How many subscribers do you have?

And yeah. Yeah, for sure. So my local newsletter, it's called Winnipeg Digest.

It's, most people don't know about Winnipeg, but it's like a cold city here in Canada in the middle of it. And so I started it here. I've been here for about 11, 12 years, you know, and I was looking for my first business to start on my own.

Beforehand, I had some experience, like, growing social media followings to like 100K or something when I was 14, selling them to e-commerce companies, like theme pages and things of that nature. So I wanted to start a business, had seen Ryan Sneddon, who does it in Annapolis, do it, and had wanted to start it for a while, honestly. And so I thought, okay, it can't really be too difficult.

Started it in last year, April, so 2024, April. And then since then, we now reach over 100,000 Winnipeggers. That's a combination of social media and newsletters.

So we have about 73,000 followers on social media. There's like 800,000 people in Winnipeg, right? Yeah, it's about 800K.

And then our newsletter is at about 35,000 people now. Okay, so 70-something on social, 35,000 on newsletters. Yeah, yeah.

Okay. So that's our split now. And yeah, it's good.

We're now trying to start other businesses off of our stuff. Okay, we'll get into that. Trust me, I'm very curious about that.

Now, you live in Winnipeg, right? Yeah, yeah, I live here. How well do you know the market?

How long have you been there? I've basically grown up here. Like I've been here for over 12, 13 years now.

So I know the market fairly well. You know, and Winnipeg isn't necessarily a tech-savvy city. I could, you know, I kind of make the joke here that I can copy anything off of Twitter and paste it here and it would do well.

Yeah, so it's like not a tech-savvy city at all, unlike Calgary or something in Canada. And so, you know, it's a really easy market to start any business here. And so there's low competition.

How successful would you be if you took a, let's say, Austin, Texas, 800,000 people, give or take. How successful would you be if you would have taken the exact same playbook and done it in Austin? Austin might be a bad example because they probably have like 100 local newsletters.

So ignoring that, just the fact that you were not a local, how would you have done? Yeah, I mean, if I were to personally start it, I would start it somewhere where you do have a first movers advantage, you know? So that's what Winnipeg did so well for me is because there was not even an Instagram account that just compiled all the events here, right?

Let alone having a news that are based on it. So it was a really easy market for me to kind of take a monopoly over. And the thing is, now if anyone else starts a local news that are here in Winnipeg, their cost for acquiring a subscriber is automatically going to be much higher, right?

So I would highly recommend if someone is starting one. So I know a few people in Texas that are starting one. And they are now targeting suburbs around Austin rather than the actual city of Austin.

Yeah. So gun to your head, if you had to choose between a city you were very familiar with, but didn't have a first movers advantage and a city that you weren't familiar with, but did have a first movers advantage, which would you choose? Yeah, I mean, I think there's multiple models to go about this.

So you can definitely even partner up with someone in another city. I would probably go with the place where I have the first movers advantage just because acquiring the acquisition cost per subscriber will be much lower, right? Like my, I was acquiring subscribers for 15 cents Canadian, right?

Oh, oh, so like 12, 11 cents us. Yeah. So even today, like even today I'm acquiring subscribers for like max, like a dollar 30 or something like that.

Yeah. So what is your subscriber worth? Give or take.

Yeah. So they're worth about if I am able to sell out every single ad slot in my newsletter for the year. And we only do one ad slot per newsletter about eight to $9 a year is kind of what they're worth.

Wow. And open rate we have per year too. And I'm guessing your normal open rate, they're probably going to be ran for like five plus years.

Yeah. Easily. Like we have a 0.05% unsubscribe rate or something like that.

Jeez. That's so good. So it's like you kind of created slash invented this money machine that turns a dollar into 40 or $50.

As long as you're willing to be patient, you don't get that immediately. It takes five years to get the LTV lifetime value, but nonetheless, like you created this template and now put in one, get out 50. A hundred percent.

I mean, it's obviously much easier said than done. Like I think the biggest problem that local newsletters run into is not, is not building the audience. Anyone can build the audience.

Anyone can turn on Facebook ads and put out a different product. The thing that you most likely end up will have problems with is getting sponsors. It's selling local businesses on a whole new concept of advertising.

Yeah. So I think that's the biggest problem that most folks run into is definitely anyone can get to 10 to 15,000 subs. Anybody.

It's just a acquiring sponsors for 10 to 15,000 subs. Well, here's a perfect example. And we're going to get into this when you talk about how you're going to launch a business based on this.

If I want to sponsor for this podcast, they're going to pay me, call it $20 per thousand views. Right. If I use Spotify ads, like the annoying ads that Spotify puts in themselves, which I turned on for a week just to test and I'm turning it off.

It's $6 per thousand views. Downloads. Downloads, which is nothing.

Like that is pennies. Right. So $6 from Spotify.

$20 if I and or my agent go out and hustle to find sponsors. But if I build my own business that's in this niche, in this vertical, it's relevant to my audience. And I put in an ad for it.

It's $200 per thousand views. It's not. It's a 10 X difference.

Right. Like a 50 X difference based on, you know, the lazy way of just putting Spotify mid roll ads for, you know, Toyota, Chevrolet, local dealers, which I'm just not going to do. So there's so much power in having a business mind and having a newsletter or an audience because you can vertically integrate and sell your own stuff and not the local bakery or whatever it is.

Right. Yeah. It gets me excited.

You're talking about that. Because like when we started the newsletter, my whole idea was, hey, I'm going to build companies on top of this. And anybody I would talk to would be saying, yeah, but that's like an unrealistic thing.

Like, you know, it's tough to obviously run multiple businesses and I totally understand that. And, you know, we've obviously shifted the vision a little bit. But if you're going to just go sell ads on top of your local newsletter, it's going to be really hard to monetize.

Like you will cap out at max $500,000 a year. Like that is the absolute, like if you have everything perfect and a great market, you'll still cap out at $500,000 a year. But some people are hearing that and thinking, oh, I'm cool with that.

It's definitely not a side gig or it's not a, it's not a bad place to start. Right. But like if you're really trying to make serious money or trying to grow the business, you'd have to vertically integrate at some point.

Yeah. Okay. So 35,000 subscribers.

How many do you send per week? We send out three times a week. Okay.

How did you land on that? Did you start with that or did you finish with that? Yeah.

So, I mean, we started with once a week. We felt that there was too much content for us to cover in just a one time a week edition. Then we went to two times a week.

And this was like in a span of a month, by the way. Like this was not, we didn't wait too long. We started once a week, felt there was too much content.

Then went to two times a week. Again, still too much content to cover. Did three times a week.

And then we sometimes started running out of content. So we're like, okay, so three times a week cadence is like a good amount where even if one email is shorter than the other two, no one's really complaining about that. Let's talk about your content.

Is it like local news? Is it updates? Is it opinion pieces?

When we started, I remember Ryan saying this one thing when we started, it was everything other than crime and politics. And that's exactly what we have run with as well. So it's basically events, community updates, city updates, any new bylaws, anything that is happening in the city, basically away from crime and politics is what we promote.

Okay. It would go a really long way if you just subscribe to this channel. It's just a good way of saying, Chris, thanks for the value.

Now, I understand politics. You don't want to alienate half of your subscribers, right? Why not crime?

Like we will occasionally talk about it, saying something like, oh, the most wanted report has come out for Winnipeg, like, you know, just to make people aware of it. We don't necessarily want to talk about like, you know, someone getting stabbed or something like that. Right.

Especially like she's not the vibe. Yeah, it's not the vibe. I mean, Winnipeg is known as like the murder capital of Canada.

And so, and so because of that reason, we're like, you know what, we're going to change the narrative. And also from a storytelling perspective, it sounds amazing when we say, when we say something like, you know, where everyone says Winnipeg is boring and we're trying to change that narrative. Yeah.

I love that. I just had an idea. Like, if you find yourself running out of content, I feel like you could supplement with like opinion pieces.

Like Greg from, you know, from this neighborhood ranks the three best ice cream shops in Winnipeg, you know? Yeah, 100%. And we now also integrated a lot of our social, like on social, we'll say here are the 10 best homes listed in Winnipeg this month or something.

Right. So you can integrate a lot of that into our newsletter as well. How many words on average are your emails?

400 to 2,600. So pretty long, pretty big. Yeah, yeah.

They're fairly long, but honestly, half of it is events because each event has a small description associated with it. What are your open rates and click-through rates like today versus first couple months? Yeah.

I mean, they've stayed fairly consistent. We've always been above 50%. Click-through rate has always been in the ballpark of like 8% to 12%.

Oh, crazy high. Man. Yeah.

So open week today is about 56% to 60%. So it can vary, obviously, depending on the set. Yeah.

Yeah. Now, I've noticed there's like a law of newsletters where the bigger it gets, the more your open rate drops. Like, in my experience, have you seen that?

Like, did it start in the 60s and then very slowly ticks its way down? Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, it did do that. And then what we started doing was we cleaned our list like two or three times, but that was honestly kind of a mistake on our end because sometimes what ends up happening is, for example, Beehive in this case might be showing that someone is not receiving an email. And they might be.

Sometimes it might be opening an email that is showing that they're not opening an email, right? So it can, so that isn't always fully trapped. Yeah.

Right. And so if you start cleaning your list, you might start cleaning people that are actually reading your email. I've had the same mistake.

I set up an automation in Beehive to clean the list for me. And I would just, every day I wake up and I'd see these drops overnight and it's like, ah, like, is that the right thing to do? And I finally turned it off and I'm just going to do it manually like once every two months.

Agreed. I think that's the best way to do it. What is your writing style like?

Are you writing all these emails yourself? What is the vibe of the newsletter? It's super casual.

It's like a very, very casual vibe where it's almost like I'm talking to them. You know, it's not written in news that are jargon. It's a fifth grader reading level.

Super easy to understand. Even when we're talking about like city bylaws being passed, we're making sure everybody can understand what's happening. And the feedback we get whenever we see a reader out and about, it is that, that, hey, we love the positive outlook that you have on the city and the conversational.

And so that's the way that we've written it. It's not any news, news jargon that we're using in there. Yeah.

What about AI? Are you using AI to write this or to help write it? Yeah.

I mean, if we like started writing this whole thing on our, like just ourselves, it would probably take like eight hours a day or something. So we do definitely use like Claude and ChatGPT. And then I have two VAs who are kind of responsible for, one is responsible for events.

The other one's responsible for writing and they kind of do everything, everything for me. So that's why it's a little bit automated. So it was like the first draft through Claude slash ChatGPT and then a human goes through and cleans it up.

Yeah. So they do that. And then I go through and usually like late at night, probably 11, 12 PM, I'm usually going through final draft an hour of me looking over it, making final changes.

It's funny. You say like it would take eight hours a day, but up until two years ago, that's what everyone did. Right?

Yeah. Yeah. It's been super helpful for us.

We haven't gotten into like automating things just yet, like completely automating things, but that's something that, you know, we're looking into. What is your time involvement per week on this? Because of sponsors, like bringing in sponsors and sending ad drafts and things of that nature, like it ends up being probably close to 20 hours a week.

It used to be a lot more because I used to write every edition and also make a social post and stuff. When we also were growing our social media following, it was very heavy video reels. So it was going out and recording them, editing voiceovers.

Now we've shifted to completely just carousels. And so that's made our life a lot easier as well. What is your revenue like your monthly revenue today?

Yeah. Today it's about, it can range from 12 to 15,000 currently. So that's the general revenue.

And then amazing. Yeah. It's good.

Like it would grown a decent amount. I would say in the last like six months is where a bunch of it's starting to compound now. I always like to use like a rough 50 cents per month per subscriber.

It sounds like you're kind of close. Well, actually you might even be above that because that's at five cents per week. Yeah.

So if you were to extrapolate that out, you'd be probably closer to 60 or 70 cents per subscriber per month if it was five per week. Right? Yeah.

That's about the average that we try and go for. We also haven't explored any of the like negative check and things of that nature. Like I think that's something that we would do when I explore eventually.

I just haven't gone around with this yet. And for those listening or watching negative CAC is negative customer acquisition costs where instead of paying Facebook for your leads, like you're getting paid for your new subscribers. Right?

Yeah. And is that kind of like, from what I understand that to be, you pay Facebook $1.20 for a subscriber and then they go through a flow. Like they subscribe and then you say, Hey, check out these newsletters.

And then once that's done, it's like, Hey, fill out this form. And then you can kind of sell those leads. You can do that.

The way we would most likely go about doing it. If we did it was like, let's say if we sold a discount card or something, right? Like, Oh, buy this discount card for $20 and get 10% off of these 20 restaurants or something.

Right? What we would do is let's say if we're getting a subscriber for a dollar. Right.

And so even if one in 10 people convert, right, we're basically making money every single time we're paying Facebook. Right. And that's without going to sponsorships at all.

That's just like just for seven days, basically. Yeah. Yeah.

I think people also call it self liquidating ads, right? Where you make money for acquiring customers and then you, you show them ads and make more money. That's the gold standard.

Yeah. But it takes time. Like there's a lot of things at play, right?

A hundred percent. And I mean, a lot of things are local newsletters, unlike traditional newsletters where you can just plug other newsletters and, you know, get them to subscribe to that. The downside with local newsletters is that you can't just plug any, any other AI newsletter or something, you know, start making money off of it.

That's true. You almost need local offerings that you can offer these readers. So it doesn't feel like you're a foreign company or something like that.

It should feel. Yeah. I feel like someone needs to build a spark loop for local newsletters.

And for those listening, spark loop, spark loop is like a referral engine for newsletters where you subscribe to the, what's the name of your newsletter? Winnipeg digest. The Winnipeg digest.

And then you get a pop up five other newsletters. Yeah. What you're saying is that there aren't, you don't want to compete with yourself in Winnipeg.

So you don't even want to refer them a B there's no one else to refer really. Yeah. So if there was like a spark loop that could aggregate all the restaurants or auto repair businesses in Winnipeg, and you could sell them leads for every time they check that box.

Right. Wouldn't that be an interesting business? I think that's a really good business, especially because, well, we can also promote other local newsletters, right?

Because they're completely different cities and someone living in Winnipeg doesn't care about Austin, Texas. Right now. So that's why I think that's a big problem for at least solving that negative tack issue for us is, you know, you kind of have to make a custom offering just for your subscribers.

Yeah. But like, if I could subscribe to your newsletter and then get like $20 in Kohl's cash for checking a box, therefore being added to Kohl's email list, that could be pretty valuable for Kohl's and for you. Right.

Agreed. I think that's a good idea. And then you would obviously have to just put in place those partnerships.

Right? Yeah. If you weren't chasing after sponsors, which I know is like most of your time right now, how much time would it be taking per week to run this?

Man, like seven hours a max, probably. Wow. Just from, it probably takes about an hour a day for reviewing content for Instagram, sending, you know, making sure the content is good for the news that are and things of that nature.

Yeah. About seven hours a week. Okay.

Outside of Klaude, Chachapiti, what does your tech stack look like for this? Yeah. I mean, we use Beehive for sending a lot of things Beehive does, right?

So I would say analytics and everything we get from Beehive. Sponsorships, I track everything in Notion. I don't, I haven't really invested in any specific CRM for tracking sponsors.

So I've built kind of a semi custom one in Notion. Yeah. Other than that, it's just ChachiBT, Klaude and nothing really other than that.

And Instagram is, yeah, nothing significant. Canva. I mean, Beehive is amazing.

Do you use like their boost features or any of their other like monetization features? I don't because again, those ads that don't apply to local. It's not a good experience for the reader at the end of the day.

And yeah, like we want to make money based, like using the reader as future customers for other businesses. So if we start providing a bad experience, they're going to start opening less and it's just a, you know, downward spiral from there. How much are you testing your subject lines or your preview lines?

If at all. Yeah. So we're usually, I mean, now I've gone pretty good at basically knowing which ones are going to do well.

In the beginning, we should test them almost every edition. Now we don't really test them. Cause I know that I are automatically almost know which one's going to do better or not.

Yeah. We should start following eight minutes to do more of that. Do you notice that like on the whole shorter, just does better, shorter subject lines?

A hundred percent under five words, like time should be in there. Something like this weekend, new. urgency.

Yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, I would say under five words, kind of under five words and under 40 characters.

I love that. So people just want to say everything, but it's like, you're, you're not leaving anything to the imagination. The more you say, the less reason they have to click because you're answering their question.

The subject line. line yeah like i think today's was something like new winnipeg costco location that's it they click because they want to know where when exactly right you could put like hey on the corner of x and y new costco location opening you know august 3rd how small is too small for a market because i know you're in winnipeg but you're you live this world you're talking to other local newsletter operators what is your experience anything under 100k is too small i would say even 150k you know i would say anything under that is almost too small so you want to then broaden out maybe do your county or something like that anything over a million i almost find it's too much because then you have a weight rich to cover unless you're doing five times a week if you're doing five times yeah you may be able to get away with it but over a million you're pretty much pushing it with the amount of things that you can add in there and it's almost over a million people the city is so spread out that let's say i'm not sure with austin but someone living in south winnipeg is probably not going to care about things happening in north winnipeg it's like a different world yeah it's almost a different cities at that point so if you're over a million you should almost have two different newsletters for like splitting the city in half or something like that yeah yeah what are some other creative customer acquisition strategies if if paid ads just aren't your thing yeah i mean honestly like you're like if you're gonna spend a hundred dollars i would say ninety dollars should be spent on just facebook ads you know if you're going more the creative route instagram obviously helps you rad create success with it using many chat we haven't fully explored that channel that's something we're now exploring referrals are huge though having for example for us we do restaurant guides and hiking guides and we change those according to the season that's about to come up so let's say with winter it's going to be top 50 things to do in winnipeg this winter right and so we kind of change that up according to the season and so referral guides are huge for us as well are you more interested in growing horizontally and adding more local newsletters or vertically and just going to five days a week more sponsors like more vertical integration by launching other businesses that you promote with this yeah i mean ideally so i've kind of considered both channels or both kind of ways if you go vertically if you go horizontally there are other companies that do this like sticks am city and things like that but i just find your cpms drop really drop a lot just because then you start having national brands which are not going to pay you a hundred dollars per thousand views right and so if you start working with nike they're not looking to they're just going to pay you a lump sum which is going to be like 10 all the cpms if that so that's why i find that rather than just going horizontal i would rather prove out a money model in my own city right then go to other cities so for example if i start a business on top of this right and i know that okay on average each subscriber to me rather than being worth seven dollars now is worth fifteen dollars a year then i'm competing on a whole different game when i go to another city right like let's say if i expand into calgary what's going to happen is when my competitor can only acquire subscribers for maybe two dollars a sub i can acquire them for five and still have a great um row as on on the customer yeah require it okay rowas return on ad spend yeah those are something you mentioned cpm the amount of money you can charge per thousand opens right not per thousand subs but opens right what are you charging nowadays for ads we're about 70 something dollars like probably 75 cpn wow to for local that's huge local advertisers and then a lot of them so we sell annual spots like that's kind of our business model is we sell it's okay like if anyone is looking to sell sponsorship don't sell one-off sponsorships you're not going to make money you want to sell uh annual sponsorships on exclusivity basis so if we work with one hvac company we're not working with any other hvac company for that full year right and so you're trying to sell exclusivity is what your main thing you're trying to sell is so now when we go to a sponsor we say hey you're basically getting a monopoly over a hundred thousand and it's the only form of advertising that lets you do that and you said only one ad per newsletter so 19 000 opens per send times 75 you're looking at like 1400 for one send that's our cost for a one-time advertiser so if yeah if someone's coming in just a one-time ad like they have an event coming up or something that's what they'll pay for our instagram it's double so it's 2800 for one for one host yeah and then obviously if they're annual subscribe or if they're annual sponsor they get much better ad rate than 70 dollars per thousand cents how much better yeah so right now we're charging about twelve thousand dollars for 12 news that are ads so one per month one per month okay that way you don't like oversaturate yourself they don't see it too often yeah yeah 100 and and what ends up happening is you know so we send out give or take let's say 12 newsletters per month times that by 12 000 a month so that's i think 144 000 a year in revenue just on our news that are ads that doesn't even include um our instagram right all right guys you know i'm always looking for ways to help you make more money with less effort well high level is too and i think that's why i like it so much while everyone else out there is switching between 10 different apps high level puts everything in one clean dashboard you can send emails track leads build funnels schedule appointments everything and no more logging into a bunch of different platforms your clients think you're some tech wizard when really all you did is stop making things so complicated sometimes the best ideas are the simple ones so check out gohighlevel.com chris kerner link below if you want to see what i mean if you use that link they'll give you a 30-day free trial and so you know we're kind of looking at in the ballpark of about 200k when when you kind of combine everything together and then where yeah we have some other like local markets and stuff that we end up running throughout the year yeah if someone's launching this like what types of local businesses local sponsors should they target because you've probably learned like this i'm sure this isn't accurate but like an auto repair store it may be much more likely to give you money but not get much roi out of it so they're not ever going to do a long-term thing whereas a local bookstore might be really hard to convert but they see a really big return on investment and therefore could become like a highly recurring customer what kind of things like that have you learned about the types of sponsors that are best for local newsletters i would say probably like event venues are great right so we have an event venue who is our annual sponsors they do i think this year they're gonna be spending forty thousand dollars a year with us right so they're a huge they're probably our biggest advertiser other than that i just tell people sell people on ltv just say that hey um lifetime value yep so if let's say a dentist is coming to you or you're talking to a dentist you have them right what's on average a customer worth to you a customer is worth five thousand dollars to me great so if you're gonna spend ten thousand dollars with me i just need to get you four customers for you to double your return on that spend with us right and you're telling me i can't get you four out of 35 000 people right so it's an easy sell to make oh i love that and honestly a dentist a customer for a dentist probably worth a lot more than that right because they might stay with them for five or 50 years 100 so dentists hvac plumbing roofing high ticket stuff anything or highly recurring exactly and like what we do is we actually run a survey the second someone signs up they get straight sent to a survey that they fill out what part of the city they live in do they own a home not a home are they looking to sell a home buy a home upsell down like are they looking to what are they looking to do essentially like what is their current household income and so that then allows us to go to advertisers and say hey 75 of our audience are homeowners yeah that's a very valuable audience for you so i highly recommend like you know it will end up working out for you what percentage of your subscribers fill out that survey about 87 uh like completion rate are you serious 87 fill out the survey yeah that's insanity yeah that is correct and how many questions are in it eight holy cow i would have thought five percent yeah i just think local newsletters are built different they're just so loyal and they're just like you're contributing to the community they're like being a good citizen by contributing to your capitalism right which you're not complaining i mean i mean to be very fair though i think if anyone is starting one please take this from a perspective of when you're bringing on advertisers don't bring on casinos or clubs if that's not the vibe you're trying to set right short term you might be shooting yourself in the foot returning down revenue but long term your readers really do appreciate that you know that they don't have to because your readers are mainly going to be 70 females 80 females between the ages of 35 to 65 they're all looking to learn about clubs and casinos so you're much better off just like actually hand picking the advertisers that are going to add value to their level as well but i'll tell you what that demographic that you just named is like the most valuable demographic those are the spenders in the household yeah they are yeah right and that goes back to like the new business that we're starting and how why we have picked that business as well i'm going to get to that i'm saving the best for last what survey tool do you use for that survey beehive so you can build the survey okay yeah it's the it's fairly easy why don't i have a survey on my newsletter i feel like an idiot like i should totally do that yeah that and polls i think those two are the most i do polls yeah those are the most used um like things that you should probably do in if you're running a newsletter how successful are you in finding sponsors in your subscriber base like putting an ad in there for yourself saying you know your ad here does that work it does sometimes but for smaller companies i would say you know and that's not really our target audience so a lot of the larger advertisers are relationships you're building or they'll reach out well something like their marketing coordinator is some 23 year old that follows our instagram and has no idea that even our newsletter even exists so they'll reach out watching a feature on the instagram i'll hop on the call with them sell them this whole new world of newsletters and then actually that's where i get the ad dollars from them from so it's usually like the foot in the door is like some 23 year old marketing coordinator who was like on their team and thinks it's a cool idea to be featured on our instagram are there any like other perks like local perks like priority seating or you ever get recognized any intangibles like that yeah so i mean when i had my face associated with the brand so in the beginning we did a lot of reels that's how i grew the instagram following pretty heavily we did a lot of reels a lot of restaurant reviews and things of that nature so i would be recognized like five six times a day that's amazing yeah like i would be at the gym was that cool it was cool for sure but then i kind of it was also concerning at the same time because i was like okay if i sell this if i ever want to sell this thing i can't have my face associated with it so that's why we switched more to carousels a way where i disassociate my face from it and then i can it becomes a sellable asset at the end of the day yeah that's fair all right so you're dabbling in christmas lights is that right that's the new business we're starting yeah okay yeah well is that the business or have you done other like vertically integrated businesses for this no so that's like our first business on top of this yeah it was the thinking behind it was it's seasonal it works great it doesn't we forget about it right second thing is is that it's high ltv customers so let's say it's a leasing model so you don't sell the christmas lights right so when we lease the christmas lights out to them they're usually staying with us for another four or five years right or even like let's say three years so we end up making a lot more money on them in the following years and then if it works out great then a natural upsell into it would be permanent lights so those are the lights going your jellyfish yeah yeah so it would be the permanent lights that kind of go underneath your gutters and stuff like that right and so that's kind of the plan is okay if it works out great come next spring we're going to start the permanent lights business and then also we have a lot of females obviously that are readers that's our primary reader and i was like man if i go and start an hvac or roofing company or something you know if someone's heat goes out they're not going to say let me pull up winnipeg digest and find the plot like you know find the hvac tech so christmas lights it was great because i feel like females are primarily the ones making that decision and that's exactly what's happened as well so we started running some ads in the winnipeg digest have already sold like five six jobs before the season has even started at all before the main season kind of kicks in so one piece of advice take it or leave it i have a friend that has a christmas light slash roofing slash he has several different successful big home service businesses in pennsylvania and he says like stay away from permanent lighting stay away from jellyfish he says he only installs it if someone like demands it and he can't have them as a customer any other way because it's just a one-time thing yeah and then he's sometimes he has to go out there and maintain it and fix it and he just hates his life every time he says if he could have it his way permanent lights were never installed and he only does christmas lights on the leasing program every year all right so when you put this ad in your own newsletter for your other business are you calling it your other business or is it does it seem just like a third party entirely yeah right now i mean we ended up doing so what we did is we ran a giveaway i had heard it in some like alex ramosi video or something where he mentioned run a giveaway give one thing away and call everybody else and say hey you get 150 off for just entering the giveaway so with that got about 300 entries or something like that this is a giveaway for free christmas lights exactly yeah and then we called it okay just lights the company no website nothing like that at all but when we do do the bra that just lights it's going to be the same colors as winnipeg digest yeah i love that you're just leaning into it yeah right like support you're supporting the newsletter by going through me for your christmas lights you're probably going to go through someone go through me yeah and then now what we're doing is you know we can run offers that kind of make it seem like they're exclusive for the readers so we'll say something like hey get your christmas lights done before october 7th and you get 150 off or something right the first point for us is our season doesn't start until october 15th anyways so anything that we do before that is just extending our season more and more yes yeah yeah now are you planning on like running this like are you outsourcing it to another company tell me how the operations of this looks in an ideal world what i would like to do is kind of have winnipeg digest as a marketing arm for multiple businesses so let's say i either acquire equity or i get get like given equity into businesses whether that's 15 20 percent of course depending on the size of the business and we end up becoming like a fully fractional cmo type of situation where we they get access to winnipeg digest they get access to me right and then we handle all their marketing for them right and then in return we get some sort of equity share in it that's the ideal world situation but to go to a business today and a local business owner and say hey give me 15 20 of your business that's kind of they're not going to believe in the fact that hey we can actually deliver that value for them so that's when we started our own business for now at least that's the christmas lights one where we're going to run everything so i did my first install yesterday and the nice yeah and so then the plus point about this is i am learning obviously the skill set of putting the christmas lights and stuff and then this is the only company will ideally own and then after this this kind of proves that the model that hey this works for home services and then we're able to acquire equity into other home services after this yeah okay of all the businesses out there what made you think christmas lights yeah i mean it's biggest thing was it's the season it's seasonality right so but most people look at that as a negative right yeah for me it was well i have a primary business which is winnipeg digest i can i don't have to take away too much time away from this it's just 10 weeks i give 10 weeks if it works out great amazing i double down if it doesn't then i'm just gonna forget about it like it never existed and there's no website or anything for it yet so okay i like that yeah yeah what are the unit economics of these jobs what's an average job size what are you going to take home per job i know it's varies from year to year there's higher costs on year one can you break all that down yeah i mean this is just our obviously first year doing it we've booked five jobs the last week about fourteen hundred dollars is our average job right now cost of doing that job for us is most likely going to be like two three hundred dollars but like the thing is the thing is we're actually doing the labor right now ourselves right so it's owner yeah so that pricing takes into account um in the future when we do end up hiring labor and everything like that and then following years i think on average the average is about 85 percent for the amount of customers that stay on year over year wow okay so the two to three hundred that includes the lights or just labor no three it's about three hundred dollars three hundred dollars is it just includes the lights okay so you're late you're not like counting your labor as a cost all i heard is you know six thousand dollars of net profit you know for on five jobs yeah yeah so right it's it's fairly high at least right now and then they take about four hours to do three four hours to do which is not terrible for the first year second year we've already cut them cut the lights for them and already have the bulbs pre-screwed so it's like you know that kind of time gets fed into half what are you going to have to pay in labor to have that four hour job done once you do start hiring people yeah i mean it'll be just minimum wage it won't be crazy a hundred dollars in labor per job give or take it's about fifteen dollars an hour you know give or take let's just say you know three people doing a job right should take three hours so yeah like give or take 150 bucks wow okay let's say year two you you stop doing it yourself you hire it all out you basically you don't have the cogs the cost of goods sold the hard cost anymore now you have the labor cost but it's half as much so if you have call it 80 margins year one even if you outsource all the labor year two plus you have 90 margins yeah my goal is not to run the business myself for sure i will definitely be bringing in an operator where i can get them to like best equity or something over a few years of course there'll be a whole new world of problems but it'll be fun you know i think i think it'll be fun where you know i don't want to run the christmas lights business at the end of the day right but i say this all the time like it's important that people get to know the weeds before they outsource you know these core competencies and get out of the weeds like yeah people are like oh i heard a guy on the internet say i i did outsourcing this is this is i'm above this i'm a no you you got to know exactly what those weeds look like until you're ready to get out of them exactly which is why i decided to do the jobs myself this first year easily i could have like hired someone just using the cash flow from winnipeg digest like it wouldn't be too difficult it's just that down the road i don't want someone saying that it took seven hours when i should have taken three like bro i've been on that ladder i know what you're doing yeah so that's why that's the simple reason why i was like you know what first year it's 10 weeks i just won't have a life for 10 weeks that's totally fine yeah okay how many jobs do you think you'll do this year based on what your conversion rates are looking like yes i mean we sucked at sales for the first like seven eight quotes that we gave out and then now we've started converting like i think in the last like six jobs we have like we've converted four of them or in the last six quotes we've converted four of them i think i am very safely saying that we'll hit a hundred thousand dollars in revenue in the first year geez i think so at least that's not yeah how did you get better at sales how did you suck before versus what you're doing today yes i mean we would just go in before and try to close them on the like at the door you know and we would have a pre like we would book an appointment like a design consult and they would come out and we would literally just try and close them there and uh i didn't realize that okay that's what we shouldn't do so then i talked to some a friend of mine who did who did painting so he did door-to-door painting like student painting or something like that and so he's like yo if you have a design consult booked you're gonna go inside their home sit with them showcase them the mock-up before and after walk them through your booklet and then you're gonna price anchor them to this price right like just the whole shebang right and so that's kind of what we've started doing now where we go in and we have the quoted like three thousand dollars or something that includes all the trees and the home and the side of the home and we slowly go with them and take out everything and it gets to like fifteen hundred dollars and then i'm like okay if you book before october 7th you get 150 discount today right now right and so that's what we've started doing now yeah and you're closing like 60 70 of that that's the number that we'll end up at after the season right 67 now please tell me you're asking for referrals yeah so what neighbor neighbors name yeah so what we're doing is um there is a christmas lights person on twitter he always says this so it's like a hundred dollars the gift card or something to a steakhouse or something along those lines so we're now starting to offer those right now we're just getting all of our stuff still printed like it's way early in the season most people start advertising for this like september 15th so we're way too early anyways yeah like the homes that we have done we haven't asked directly for referrals yet but we will when we finish the job quick question what if there were a private community out there of people that were building businesses based on this podcast well i just made it and it's only for business starters and business builders it's called tk owners and it's basically like having me and a hundred other business geniuses as your business partner also there's going to be exclusive new trends growth hacks business ideas and a database of everything i've ever talked about you'll find thousands of startup case studies you'll have weekly ask me anythings with me well i'll answer your questions directly you can join now at tkowners.com link in the show notes your conversion rate will only get better yeah through september october november even right so whatever it is today we'll get orders of magnitude better yeah these are all but these are like there's frozen cons because all these are leads coming through winnipeg digest currently so they're kind of worn leads already if we start exploring facebook ads and stuff those leads are going to be a lot more colder so our conversion rate should drop there a little bit are you going to do other stuff like that yeah we're not just going to rely on your newsletter we're going to do everything yeah we're trying to okay hundred thousand dollars is like what do we want to do base level over the weeks if we're able to do 150 200 that would be like ideal world yeah it blows my mind that you're going to come close to doubling your revenue by adding christmas lights to a newsletter yeah like who would have thought of that yeah ryan snedden added luxury wedding bathroom trailers to his newsletter yeah and like that became a big business right because events yeah right events that's what you said too i already know that you're thinking of the spring and the summer what other kind of seasonal and or other businesses are you thinking for this i know that it's like very not like a lot of people do the whole gutter cleaning window cleaning thing in the summer and yeah i don't want to get into the whole door-to-door hassle of it honestly i am not a great salesperson training guy and i might be able to become one but i'm not that right now my bread and butter is like marketing where i do facebook ads and things of that nature but i want to explore businesses which i can utilize that in you know and so most likely that's why permanent lights was a natural sell also because a lot of christmas light owners what ends up happening is they'll say hey we're actually 50 50 on whether we want christmas lights or not right because we're considering permanent lights and the permanent lights average order value is about four to five x whatever christmas lights is obviously ltv no but uh just a one-time cost so what we're able to do is bring in someone for christmas light so let's say first season we make some money on them and then say okay if you do permanently with us the following year you get 500 discount so we're basically just pre-selling customers for permanent lights during the christmas light season right and um rather than making that money over three years we're just going to make that money over two years because they're going to do first of christmas lights then they're going to do permanent lights the following season smart i should have asked this earlier but what what has your timeline look like with your newsletter and like subscriber growth when did you launch how many subs did you add those first few months to today yeah i mean in the beginning we were adding like four thousand ish subs a month four or five thousand actually now it's decreased to like two-ish k give or take where you know we're still spending the same amount of money so it's about three thousand dollars but then yeah you start like saturating your market and things like that so now pretty soon i think like it might be time where i just turn off ads and try and spend that money on referrals or something so if we can do whether that's giveaways or lead magnets or something like that for referrals and just try and get more subscribers that way i think that might be the next thing we try to go into so how many months to get to 35 000 it's been yes we started in april whatever that is i think like 17 months or something like that's 16 seven okay yeah that's amazing at this time no plans to launch other local newsletters you want to keep growing this way i've had a lot of interest from other cities for sure um just because i talk about local newsletters on twitter and i've kind of and obviously i've been on your pod and nick spot and stuff so i've had a lot of interest of people saying hey can we franchise this out or something like that it's just that i know my dollars will be much better spent trying to vertically integrate this currently right like so christmas lights took ten thousand dollars of initial capital to start if i started another location instead of christmas lights christmas lights i might do a hundred thousand dollars in 10 weeks the new location would have taken me twenty thirty thousand dollars to then on sponsors make like fifty sixty thousand dollars the first year and then once i'm able to prove out a money model at least in my city so let's say if i know okay i'm gonna on average make two hundred thousand dollars from just the newsletter and then another two to five hundred thousand from christmas lights i might not even explore other businesses after that it might just be okay yeah that's the business model i'm gonna go to other cities and start there's a cash cow yeah start the media company based on the media company start christmas lights that's it yeah yeah yeah do you feel confident that you could as of today with what you know now pick another city not move there not know really anything about it and have just as much success 100 i could yeah like once you've been in the space for over a year year and a half and i think for me the usp is the unique selling point would be the social media aspect of things so social media if anyone is going to start this don't forget about social media because at this point i'm a top three followed let's say account in my city right if i reach out to an account or a business they're almost obligated to reply to me so it makes my cold outreach so much easier and the reply rate just skyrockets rather than me mailing them so if you're going to go down this route also social media is a great way to upsell your current sponsors into saying hey i have two different channels that you can reach yep right so that's the unique selling point if you are going to start one yeah dude you got to reach out to local businesses that collect emails and say hey i'll do i'll give you a free ad in exchange for your list like let me share your list basically right because they're probably not using it most companies that collect emails they just sit there they don't do because it takes work yeah right to regularly work your list so a lot of them are going to be dead but you could say i'm going to run them through a verifier and you can either pay them you know 10 cents per email or just say i'll give you two thousand dollars worth of ads for your 20 000 person list and they have no idea what it's worth like would you just add them to your list like rather than i guess sending an email thing hey subscribe i would just feel feel it out yeah like try multiple angles like segment the list and let's say it's 20 000 you take four groups of 5 000 to one you just say hey you know i partnered with mike's bakery and i would really like you to check out my local newsletter 5 000 you just kind of work them into your list segment them differently so you could track them make sure they're cleaned and scrubbed how many are opening oh it's not bad okay and then the other two ten thousand try different kind of creative things it's a time game right like i love this um this is obviously my first or second business but i've heard a lot that businesses that are just a time game are the best businesses to be in because as long as i'm just in this business and my list keeps growing it's essentially a business that can't lose it's an audience that i can not only monetize through ads but then i can run my own businesses on it so it's just a time business as long the longer i'm in the business the more money i'm going to make oh man i just kind of had a thought where it's like every aspiring entrepreneur or entrepreneur entrepreneur business owner whatever they know that having an audience is powerful but 95 of them have no desire to get in front of the camera and to do all that stuff because it sucks that's hard and i've been there right so they don't even consider it they're like i know having an audience is valuable but not for me yeah i feel like this is a great loophole into that right where you can just through the power of the written word through claude through chadgpd through a virtual agent or a virtual assistant you can use emails to build an audience without having to get in front of the camera but you can still have all that power like it's like 35 000 people in a city is more powerful than a million tick tock followers that are worldwide it is i joke around with uh some of my friends i'm like if i wanted to in three years i could run for mayor right like if yeah totally i could have enough pull in the city to be able to run for me yeah right but yeah i think i completely agree with what you said because the biggest problem people run into when looking to make content is what do i talk about in this case you already have what you're going to talk about because things are happening in your local town fresh content every day yeah exactly and this is a business at the very base level the writing and all that stuff can be given out to one or two va's and they can handle 90 of the business for you and all you really have to do is deal with sponsorships if you're not even able to you know give that out if you were if you are able to also delegate that then good on you you know so it's not a business where you need 40 hours a week in the beginning of spending 40 hours a week to write and also do sponsorships but as you continue to grow you can easily run this whole business on 15 hours a week i just feel like this you know under an hour video is probably about as tactical and specific as you could get on the internet for launching a local newsletter i 100 agree and honestly if anyone is going to start one they can reach out to like the local news that are communities fairly friendly and you can reach out to anyone and on and other than that just go to facebook ads library search up any local news that you can search up my local news that are winnipeg digest and what's the 80 20 of your best performing ads video instagram facebook 15 second it's simply at the top usually have some sort of a local monument as the background video or image test both i would say video has done better for me some sort of a drone footage of a local monument then at the top it says struggling to find things to do in blank city right so let's say struggling to find things to do in winnipeg underneath it say winnipeg digest or blank newsletter sends you 50 plus events happening in the city every single week that's it that is yeah the best performing ads that you will probably find one thing i love about this business is how like let's say you're once a week you can start there it's very palatable you do it yourself you sell out your ads the easiest lever to pull is now twice a week cool i just doubled my revenue three times a week tripled it four or five why not seven let's do seven and if you're running out of like current events you just do opinion pieces and if you're in new york or something like a really large city and you don't know how to split things up you can also like almost niche down twice so you already niche down geographically and then you can do dads in new york you can do you can do freelancers new york yeah like freelance yeah because each of those audiences is going to be a million people on its own if not more in larger cities so if i lived in austin i would have just done something like um young dads in austin or something like that alone is probably like yeah a thousand people worth yeah i mean i'd be so bold as to say you'd be dumb to be in new york and just do a new york local newsletter like you're just nothing to no one in that sense right exactly yeah like you you could do like a williamsburg moms yeah like pick a neighborhood pick an yeah demographic 100 and just and the higher obviously anger your audience the more the more expensive sponsors you can sell right that's the biggest thing only downside to new newsletters i will say is you might run out of sponsors eventually you know um if you keep providing a great result yeah okay you're obviously always going to have those core sponsors so you have a hundred hundred fifty two hundred thousand dollars worth of revenue coming in but if that's your goal go ahead start one but you should probably look at ways to monetize on top of the newsletter eventually oh jazz this was great where can we look for you if we have questions yeah um twitter handle is creating jazz so feel free to reach out if you guys have any questions and happy to chat with whoever wants to jam on some local newsletter ideas yeah and for the 14 listeners in winnipeg canada go check out the winnipeg digest yeah and uh reach out to me and maybe we can grab coffee yeah okay yeah thanks jess yeah thank you all right what do you think please share it with a friend and we'll see you next time on the kerner office