I created an AI voice agent with literally like six clicks. 57 minutes later, I had a business owner that said, yes, I want to pay for your service. F me, dude.

One man operator. He has no website. He has no systems.

He's like 65 years old. He makes $350,000 a year of net profit and he's crushing it. You don't need money.

You just need an Upwork account. He's 18 and he just uses ChatGPT. It's six figures from each customer.

He has no coding experience, but he's helping people build wrappers using Replit, Lovable. He's making like 60 grand a month. If I had to make a million dollars in six months, it would be.

Nick, I'm going to let you choose. Do we want to talk about fastest to 10K a month in six months, fastest to a million dollars in the bank in six months, fastest to a million dollar valuation, revenue? What do we want to do here?

I'd say like the fastest to a million dollar business in six months. All right. Number one idea.

I love this idea. Eight years ago. I love it just as much today.

I talked about this idea loosely on the pod before, but not much in depth. So RV rentals. Okay.

Most people don't understand that you can finance an RV for 20 to 30 years because it also counts as a home. I'm not saying you should. I'm not saying it's a good idea, but the interest rates are not crazy.

And it means that your monthly payment is like two to $300. But you're not, not saying that. Make your own conclusions from what I'm telling you.

Okay. What do we always talk about? We talk about validating an idea before spending a dime.

You can validate this before buying an RV. And so I distinctly remember Nick, as I was getting my MBA from TCU, not paying attention at all during class. I distinctly remember sitting up in the back of the classroom, right in the middle, having Google sheets in one window and RV share and outdoorsy in another.

And I was just doing research, trying to find out what types of RVs in my local area, greater DFW were in the most demand. And I would run a search for this weekend for a class CRV. And I'd run a search for a year out for class CRV.

And I'd put them in a spreadsheet and I'd be able to know what the occupancy is for any different type of RV at any given moment. And that data screamed at me, class CRVs, class CRVs. And I even went so far as to email the company and say, here's what my data is showing me.

Is this true? And they're like, how did you learn this? That's absolutely true.

And so what did I do? I took action. I bought a class CRV.

I traveled around with my family in it. And then when I wasn't using it, I rented it out. And the unit economics on this is pretty dumb.

It's stupid in a good way. You can finance an RV, like a $35,000, $40,000 class CRV, which is a motor home. You got the motor in the front and the home in the back.

And your payment's going to be a couple hundred bucks. And you could rent it out for, depending on the market, like $200,000 to $500,000 a night. So like literally your monthly payment is paid for on one or two nights of renting it out.

And it scales. The only downside is you need a place to park these. But you can find lots.

You can find storage facilities to park them. And then you can meet your customers at the storage facility to hand them off. I love the business.

I really do. How do you get to a million dollars in six months, though? Because from what I remember, you bought it.

You started to rent it out. And like three months in, you're like, this is annoying. Because you're like, because I have to clean it and I have to turn it over.

You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like my rental home analogy.

You should never own a rental home unless you're going to own like 10, 20, 100 of them. There's just no point. If you're self-managing it, right?

Because there's no scale to it. So I never got scale. I had one at any given time.

But if I had 10 or five, then I could hire someone. And I wouldn't have to deal with any of that crap. I wouldn't have to take calls, meet people, show them how to use it, et cetera.

So how do you scale this? If you keep this thing rented out 50% of the time, so let's call it 7,000 a month in top line revenue. They pay for the gas.

They pay extra for mileage. Your only cost is the payment and repairs. And if they break something, they have to pay for repairs.

So let's say 5K a month in profit. If you're self-managing it, net income, no employees, 10 of those would be 50K a month. Well, we're trying to get to 25, right?

Because 25 was that number of $300,000. So five RVs. So five RVs.

That's not... Your other cost would be parking it, right? Because most people have HOAs.

They don't have enough space in their yard. And so you're looking at like 150 bucks a month per RV to store it. So $1,000 a month for five RVs.

And you can manage that yourself. Let's say 10 RVs. Can you finance all 10 of those?

How hard would it be to get 10 RVs? You can do it. You're probably not going to do it with the same bank.

You probably have to bounce around banks. But if you're making your payments, it's feasible. I had the best luck with credit unions.

You're like, you probably could do it. You probably have to like change banks, change names, social security number. Just hop on the dark web, download the Onion browser.

You can do it. Make it happen, dude. All right.

No, but you can do it. Okay. I like that one.

Here we go. You ready for mine? Yep.

Gun to my head. I have to make, you know, a million dollars of value in the next six months. Do you know who Billy Howell is?

Oh yeah. He was on the pod. That dude's an animal.

He has no coding, no experience being technical. But he's spun up an agency now where he's helping people build effectively wrappers using Replit, Lovable. I think Replit's his drug of choice, so to speak.

But he's developing software now. And he's created this company, but because he put a bunch of time and effort and energy into it, I think he's making like 60 grand a month. I can't remember exactly what his economics are, but he's doing well.

So for me, what I would do, I would do a 30 for 30 challenge, 30 wrappers in 30 days. I would just give myself 30 days to learn how to build in Replit. And that's it.

It's like, so every day what I would do is I would identify a problem or a pain point and I would just build a wrapper around it. It doesn't matter how good it is or how bad it is. I would just build a wrapper around it.

And then at the end of 30 days, I've got 30 wrappers worth of experience. Some of them might even be good. Maybe I can productize those.

But then I would really do the research and the work of like, okay, what, which of these wrappers that I did had the coolest pain point. And I would go hard in building out one or two of those and then either placing it on the app store or finding local businesses with that pain point and selling into them as a SaaS product. I already know this is going to be one of the best episodes we've ever recorded.

I'm just going to call it right now. We're 11 minutes into this. That's a good one, Nick.

That's a good one. Episode 150, by the way, Billy Hall, I interviewed him. The thing is, I would bet most people listening to this probably know like 60 to 80% as much as Billy, not to downplay anything he does.

You got to go out and find customers. That's the hard, that's the real hard part. You got to operationalize it, systematize it.

But like, he's not a coder. He has no coding background. He's just messing around with these vibe coding apps more than the average bear.

Well, and the crazy thing, he just had a LinkedIn post, I think it was, or something on Twitter where he live coded, live, not vibe, live coded an app on stage at some conference and was like, it worked. And he created the automations for it, et cetera. The thing that's, I think, special about Billy, or at least different about Billy is all of us have built these and we've gotten like 90% of the way there.

And then the last 10% was like, I don't know how to figure this out. He actually put the time in and figured it out himself. You and I have never done that.

We like, we've hired people to finish. I finished. I finished.

Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say like, I, I've been saying for months, like that last mile is really hard.

It's gotten a lot easier. And I finished two projects now. And I was actually surprised like how much better the experience has gotten.

So, but is it still the hardest part? Is the last mile still the hardest part? Oh yeah.

Okay. But that's what I think is special about him is he's like, okay, I figured this out. And now he's doing it for other people.

He's built an agency around building it for other people. Interesting. That's a good one.

I like that. Thank you. You could spend 30 days learning, 30 days building, 30 days marketing, just running tests for those 30.

I would do it 30 days building and then 30 days learning and then 30 days marketing. I just feel like you're only going to learn how to do it by building. And then you can be doing research after of like, okay, which industries do I want to focus on?

That's me. Cause I'm in the analysis by, or yeah, paralysis by analysis type. So it's like, I just got to get going.

Otherwise I'm just going to be like, well, did I optimize this plan the best? Should I do this first or should I do this second? Maybe for you, it's, it's the other way, but that.

I'm the guy that contradicts himself because on this podcast a week or two ago, I used an analogy of learning Hungarian in the MTC feeling like an expert going to Hungary with you as my trainer, not knowing any Hungarian, but actually learning it really fast while I was failing on the job. Right. So I absolutely agree with you.

Learn by building. What did your trainer do to make you learn Hungarian so fast? What happened?

I want to talk about it. Trial by fire, piss, piss me off all the time. All right.

Moving on. You got to keep me in a good mood. Okay.

I think you're going to like this idea. So I think that you and I collectively have like 13 friends that own offshore staffing agencies. Yes.

It's ridiculous. So here's how this works. I make you free videos.

I actually know what I'm talking about. And if you implement what I talk about, you'll make a lot more money and have a better life. And all I ask for in return is that you hit the subscribe button and maybe even the notification bell just like that.

Thank you. In the staffing world, you got two models. You can hold their hand and provide someone and manage them over time and mark up their rate.

Call it a hundred percent. You're paying a virtual assistant in the Philippines, $1,200 a month. You're charging your client $2,500 a month.

You're managing payroll and all that. That's good because it's recurring. It's just more handholding.

You got to do work up front to find them. And then you got to do work, less work ongoing to manage them. The other model is to find someone awesome, place them for 35% of their first year salary.

Am I right? That's exactly right. Because you get paid up front and you wash your hands of it.

It's kind of like the grandma that takes the grandkids and says, all right, take them back, right? You just get your money. You get to move on.

But it's not recurring. Okay. I think that that model has been a thing for five plus years.

I think it's going to be a thing for the next five to 10 plus years. I think it literally can be as simple as going to Upwork, finding them on Upwork, hopping on a Zoom with them, vetting them, qualifying them, seeing how well they're trained on AI. I think that's a non-negotiable here.

They have to be AI native, AI trained, even if it's just JGBT, and then placing them. So now how do you do this quickly? I think you just start sliding into the DMs of hiring managers at big companies that need to hire 10 to 100 people overseas.

And you charge 20 to 35% of their first year salary. And so you place enough people, you get to that number pretty quickly. Yeah.

Okay. So the two models in staffing are headhunting. So it's like recruiting, placing, getting a fee.

And then there's staffing, which you're actually managing it. You're saying to do the headhunting. Yeah.

Go find people in place. So there won't be a recurring aspect to it, but that's okay. Well, that's the thing.

If I'm trying to make a million dollars in six months, I don't care about recurring. I care about right now. So that's absolutely where I would focus.

I would probably piggyback. I would try to find somebody who I knew that had a good network and be like, hey, can I just hire somebody for you to at least get started? Yeah.

Test it out. And then obviously do a really good job and sell into them. Maybe find like a small business owner that's already selling like software or something to hiring managers.

And he just has like a big CRM of hiring managers. And it's like, listen, dude, I have a $4,000 ticket product. That's the average 30% salary for my average placement.

I'm going to give you 10, 20% of that for everyone you refer. Forward at $800 checks just for making introductions. And if they place 10 people, I'll give you a $4,000 check.

Okay. Building on that. You know what else I would do?

Don't reinvent the wheel. Just copy what's already working. It's annoying.

Okay. I know it's annoying, but how many times have you been looking for someone to fill a role or you post for a job and somebody applies to it and they apply to it and it's not really them. It's like a VA or it's an agency.

It's like, oh, I can fill this for you with my agency. Right. I would probably do that.

I would probably either post. No, I wouldn't post that. I'm looking for a job.

I would go and apply to a bunch of jobs and I could probably automate that application process. And yeah, I'm going to get a lot of people who are pissed off about it. And just be an agency.

Uh-huh. I just be like, hey, oh, you're looking for that? Yep.

I got somebody for you. And then you do the work on the back end to go find them and fill it. Yeah.

Dude, I've said it a million times and I'll say it another million times. There's a lot of money to be made by just sitting on either Facebook marketplace or Upwork all day, every day, all day, every day, and just hunting for deals and opportunities, either as an Upwork freelancer or an Upwork employer. There's just so many ideas coming across the feed and business ideas.

And like, there's just a lot of money to be made. And I do think that you have to have a special personality type. Like, I don't think I would do well sitting on Facebook marketplace all day, every day.

I think you would, because you're a hustler. You know what I mean? I'm more of like, oh, is this a good deal?

Let me pencil it out really quick. Well, I guess it's kind of a good deal. But actually, if you look at the, I just, I think too much.

Whereas somebody like you is like, cool, I can buy it for five and sell it for seven. I'll do that all day. Five, seven, five, seven.

And yeah, I just think that's an important caveat to think about. Yeah. I just think that's, that's an AI proof business.

You don't need skills. You just need to know how to talk to people. You don't need money.

You just need an Upwork account. You need to slide into people's DMs on LinkedIn. And if you can make a relationship, someone that you may already know today, that's, I mean, how many people that we know on a daily basis are like, or have something to sell to people on LinkedIn, right?

Yeah. Too many. Piggyback.

All right. I got one. You ready?

Yep. All right. So my number three idea gun to my head have to make a million dollars in six months.

You're going to like this one is a hyper niche AI audit and savings agency that focuses on large corporations. I've had two conversations in the last week with two different large corporations, both of them in the nine figures approaching, you know, billion dollar valuation. One of them spent every single month as they onboarded new employees, they had to enter a profile for them in their CRM.

And there was nobody internally who would enter the profile. So they would send it to their help desk. They're so big.

They had so many employees. I want you to guess how much money they were spending a month creating new profiles for new employees. I have no idea.

Thousands, tens of thousands. $20,000 a month, $20,000 a month, just creating new profiles for new employees. And they were super stoked because they're like, we just figured out an automation for this.

And starting next month, we're going to be saving like 17 grand a month because now it just ties in with their HR system, creates a profile and it's done. Right. You're like, where's that three grain going?

Well, they explained it for the purposes of this story. I'll just say $20,000. They saved $20,000 a month.

But I'm like, dude, right there, a quarter of a million dollars a year off of one automation. Nuts. Talk to another company, a friend of mine.

She works in benefits. And she was like, there's no system that our company has that reconciles our benefits. And I was like, what do you mean?

Like health insurance? She's like, no, no, no, not even health insurance. Medical, dental, and vision.

Okay. Every single month we get a bill from those insurance providers and we, the employer have to pay that. Okay.

And then we have to take it out of the employee's checks. I'm like, all right, so what's the problem? She's like, it's always wrong.

We might not have taken the right amount out of the employee's check or the insurance company might've billed us for an employee that we terminated two months ago. She's like, I just found somebody who's been on for 12 months. Another friend of mine, just like a quick aside as an accountant.

And he's like, yeah, I just found somebody who was fired 12 months ago that still had access to their credit card. Right. So there's just, there's a lot of these inefficiencies and that friend of mine who's in benefits, it's like $5,000 a month that they find.

And they, they've been doing this for seven years. They just started actually auditing it. So I know 5,000 doesn't sound like a lot, $60,000 a year as a full-time employee.

But I think that if you have a specialized skillset, let's say you're an accountant, let's say you work in payroll, let's say you are in it and you understand a specific and you know the pain points in large organizations. I would create just very clean and clear plug and play. I will help you with this audit and automation process to show you how much you're spending and losing and how much I can save you by implementing this process.

And then I would target people in that niche industry by just sending them my calculator just to have them see what it is. And that's what I would do. I would, I would target large corporations because I need to get big clients in order to get to that like million dollar run, right?

Are you charging a percentage of what you save them? That's what I would propose. So there's like, there's like two options.

I would propose like, Hey, 50% of what I save you in the first year you pay me. And then everything else after that you keep, I think companies get squeamish at that, which is kind of annoying. Then what I would do is I would probably just price it out to effectively get to that same number, but not tell them that that's what I'm doing.

You know what I mean? Yeah. Customers, they want to know like what they're paying every month.

So if your savings fluctuates, they don't want to get hit with this huge bill, even if it's a net win for them. Right. Right.

So something predictable that they can wrap their mind around is usually the better pricing model. I have a guy, I know a guy, Ben, Ben, he's Swiss. Okay.

18 years old. His whole business is sliding into DMS of executives at fortune 100 companies in Switzerland and saying like, Hey, I can use AI to save your company money. If I can't, I will donate a thousand dollars to the charity of your choice.

When can I come talk to you? He does not hop on zooms with people. This is what he's doing.

And he's 18 and he's crushing it. And he doesn't have like corporate experience. He doesn't like know traditionally what corporations struggle with.

He just uses chat GPT. Right. And he goes and he only pitches in person and he has like a something like a 30 or 60, somewhere in there, percent close rate.

And it's six figures worth of value from each customer. He's just saving the money with AI. That's insane.

He's in person. He's there and he's young and they like him. And so, yeah, there's absolutely a market for that.

All right. Well, that was my idea. Number three.

What do you got next? I love the diversity of these ideas. There's really no pattern to them.

So I like this one. Are you ready? Yeah.

Okay. There's a lot of newsletters out there, right? Newsletters are becoming more and more popular.

You've got Substack, Beehive, all of the newsletter companies, Kit. Most newsletter operators, statistically, will burn out, usually sooner rather than later. Just like most podcasters burn out, it's hard to create content over a long period of time.

We've launched a newsletter that we burned out on. Okay? We get it.

What? But what happens when you have a newsletter operator that's burned out? He's completely moved on from it.

Maybe it's only been a month, a week, a year. And then someone emails them one day and says, I want to buy your newsletter. They could pay basically whatever they want because those emails are gone in their head.

I don't remember where or when, but I recently talked to a guy that this was his whole strategy. He would just buy up dormant newsletters in the same kind of niche and just aggregate them, throw them all together. And then he could sell ads for these newsletters at scale.

They were all free, no paid newsletters, all based on a CPM basis. So my idea is come in and buy small newsletters. Like we're talking three to 30,000 subscribers each in the same general niche.

Maybe they're AI newsletters, finance newsletters, business, marketing, sports, entertainment, doesn't matter. You can find them by going to Beehive, by going to Kit, by going to Substack, where they like their public directories of all these newsletters, especially if you want to like do a boost. You can go see, oh, I want to, I want to exchange recommendations with this guy.

They're all publicly listed. Just go start clicking into them. You could use ChadGBT agent, operator.

You could use Manus, Perplexity, Comet for this to automate it, to say, I want you to make a spreadsheet of every single newsletter that has not sent an email in at least a month, at least a month. Boom. And then you just start reaching out and say, listen, today I can give you 10 cents per subscriber.

But if X, Y, or Z happen, I'll give you a dollar per subscriber at a certain point in the future. So you can either aggregate all these together. You can start finding sponsors, or you can just start emailing all of them together, reach some scale, and then sell.

You're just rolling up tiny newsletters in the same niche. You could just sell it six months later. Okay.

Give us an idea of what the unit economics are for newsletters, just so people understand. So newsletter ads are sold on a CPM basis, cost per mil, cost per thousand people that open it. Not on the list, but people that open the newsletter.

So if I have a 10,000 subscriber newsletter, I have a 50% open rate. That's 5,000 eyeballs, 5,000 people on my newsletter every week. Let's say if it's a weekly newsletter.

A good, decent, like a conservative CPM is $30 per thousand views. So that's five times 30, $150. So that means you can make 150 bucks every time you hit send on that newsletter.

Let's say it's weekly, every week. So $600 a month. Yep.

Oh, and that gave me another idea. Thank you. That doesn't include affiliate links or 1% of those people opting into a $10 a month paid newsletter with extra features.

So that's the opportunity is in ad sales. But here's a bigger opportunity, Nick. Are you ready?

I just thought of this on the fly. I have an idea. I'm going to be the same thing.

It could be the same thing. We'll say it on three. One, two, three.

You aggregate a bunch of weekly newsletters, whether they're dormant or active, and you turn them into daily newsletters and your revenue goes from X per week to 5X per week. Does that make sense? Yeah, totally makes sense.

It doesn't scale perfectly. You still have to find the sponsors to agree to it. Maybe you can charge $50 CPM if it's daily and only 30 if it's weekly because there's more scale.

But net of net, that's another opportunity. Dude, so here's the idea that I was thinking of. What if you targeted a vertical home services or a city and you're like, I'm just going to reach out to every dormant newsletter in that vertical or city or demographic or whatever.

You're offering pennies on the dollar. So you're just getting subscribers that are being added to your list. And then on the back end, you partner with an existing agency.

So it's almost like you're playing a broker and you partner with an existing marketing agency. And you're like, hey, I'll sell you this massive list of people that are exactly in your space and the perfect type of ideal customer. And I walk away because in your model, I've got to then run the newsletter.

I'm not saying it's hard. It's just there's more operation. You have to actually like do work.

Yeah, yeah, exactly. In this model, it's like, no, you just buy up the list and then you just sell the leads. So you're probably getting a lower value, but you could probably do a lot more volume if you're just very specific on where you're targeting.

Yeah. So you might need more money to do this than others unless you sell or finance them or you create creative structured deals. But I think that's very possible with these because there's not like an established multiple for a newsletter, especially if someone's already written it off in their mind.

It's like, sure, just take it. And if it turns into something, give me something, you know? Oh, that's interesting.

If it turns into something, give me something. Like a contingency. Yeah, you could buy it on contingency almost.

Like a seller finance deal. Yeah. Yeah.

I can't pay you right now, but I'll give you X percentage of whatever the cash flows are to come in. Yeah. What do they have to lose?

I'm going to start to monetize it. I'm going to go out hustle and find sponsors. I'll give you 50 cents on the dollar of every sponsor I find.

And you're going to be a subscriber. You're going to see if there are sponsors in there. You don't have to keep me honest.

Can you target on like Buzzsprout, not Buzzsprout, Beehive and Kit? By industry? Just by industry, not by geography.

I think it depends on the platform. Certainly by industry and size. I don't know about geography.

That's going to be harder. Okay. That's interesting.

I especially love industries where you can find your sponsors in your newsletter. Like if it were a marketing newsletter, there's probably executives in there that would like to sponsor the newsletter. Whereas if you had like an art or an entertainment newsletter, that'd be harder to just email everyone and say, anyone want to sponsor this?

I like that one. That would be a really cool one. Because I would bet that those asset values are still undervalued compared to other lists.

Like we already know that marketing, like the CPMs are, there's an arbitrage there and the ability to reach individuals. So like, why would the assets not also be undervalued? Amen.

I'm sorry. Did I just say arbitrage? Huh?

I don't know. Call me later, Gordon Gekko. All right.

Here's my gun to the head. Number two, favorite idea to make a million dollars in six months. We've talked about this a number of times.

Small businesses are overwhelmed. They don't really know what to do with AI, but they want results, right? They don't care about like dashboards.

So number three, I would start an AI automation agency. And I would focus on very specific plug and play automations. All right.

Here's the deal. There are so many different workflows that small businesses might have. So what I would do is I would do some research and I would just pick one.

But Nick, how would you do the research? Well, I'm glad you asked. I go through the paid method.

And what I do is the first thing is that I want to find that there's pain, clear operational cost or stress. The second is access. I'm going to ask myself, who could I actually reach out to that's going to give me access to go and do this, right?

Like where can I get in and just start tinkering? Number three, infrastructure. Do they already use digital tools?

Hopefully they do, but hopefully they don't use them too much. That's like this, like Goldilocks zone that most people are in. And then the next one is dollar savings, right?

Like I want to see real savings, but basically you're looking for hero workflows. And these are what hero workflows are. They're high impact and they're low complexity, but they feel like freaking magic.

So they save time. They capture missed revenue. They're easy to explain.

They're fast to install. And there's like a clear before and after when. So here's like an example, automating missed call follow-up texts for any, any home services company.

And you recover 15% of leads. And so you identify this, how you identify these workflows is like, is it, where is anything falling through the cracks? You talk to people, high friction manual tasks.

Anytime that anybody's like entering things into the computer. And again, anything that you can build real automations around. That's the business that I would launch.

And that's how I would do. Oh, okay. A hundred percent.

We haven't talked about this yet. Go on. I see the listeners like perk up in their seat when I say that.

We haven't talked about this dude yesterday. Yesterday. I'm like, all right, I got to make a YouTube video.

Got to make a YouTube video. I put it on my calendar. Got to do it.

What should I do? I'm going to make an AI automation agency and I'm going to live stream it, not live stream it, but I'm going to just record my screen and just record all of it. Okay.

Oh, okay. So this is what, this is what I did. Yeah.

I'm going to publish it like today on YouTube. I don't know, but it might be out by the time this comes up. Maybe not.

Here's what I did. Went and logged into my high level account. I clicked on AI employee, which is a new feature they have.

And, and I recorded my screen and I created an AI voice agent with literally like six clicks. Okay. In like three minutes and six clicks, I created an AI.

On high level? On high level. Sweet.

Yeah. And it was for a garage door repair business. And I just used Chachapiti to make a knowledge base that said, you know, you are a 24 seven answering service for a garage door repair company because I chose that industry because it's higher ticket 500 to $3,000 per job.

And it's something that might get after hours calls. You're trying to go somewhere at 10 PM garage won't open. You need help.

Okay. Yep. I thought like plumbing HVAC electrical, those are kind of saturated with private equity.

They might already have stuff like this. Whereas no one's looking at garage doors. So that's so funny.

After hours calls was like one of the main things that I've picked after talking to many entrepreneurs. Really? Yeah.

Yeah. I just kind of guessed at that one. It's a, it's a great one.

Cause what happens to those calls? What happens to those leads? Who follows up with them?

If they don't get an answer right then they're going to call the next guy, right? Like it's a no brainer. Quick question.

What if there were a private community out there of people that were building businesses based on this podcast? Well, I just made it and it's only for business starters and business builders. It's called TK owners.

And it's basically like having me and a hundred other business geniuses as your business partner, but you give them 0% equity. Also, there's going to be exclusive new trends, growth hacks, business ideas, and a database of everything I've ever talked about. You'll find thousands of startup case studies.

You'll have weekly ask me anythings with me while I'll answer your questions directly. You'll be in my Slack channel where I'm hanging out every week and helping members one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest speakers, including some names that you'll recognize.

And if you're building something cool, I'll introduce you to anyone you need. TK owners is the fastest way to plug into a smart, ambitious group of builders and accountability partners that are sharing wins without the fluff. And it's 99 bucks a month about the cost of an energy drink per day.

You can join now at TK owners.com link in the show notes. It's also something that the vast majority of business owners aren't doing. They're not picking up their phone after hours or ever.

I scraped every garage door repair company in DFW. I texted them and I showed my watch at the start of the video and it was 941 in the morning. And by 1038, 1038, 57 minutes later, I had a business owner that said, yes, I want to pay for your service.

Oh my, that's going to be such a freaking- 57 minutes later. Chris, that's going to be such a good video. I'm so pissed.

I'm so pissed and excited, happy for, you know what I mean? It's like that mix of jealousy and happiness. I randomized the spreadsheet to prove there's no like audience plants.

You know, there was no prep involved. I've seen you do it before. Like, that's the thing is I've seen you do this multiple times where you're like, yeah, I'll do this right now.

And within an hour, you're getting people to reach out to you. That's a freaking amazing video. And I'm freaking pissed that I'm not, can I, can you just like, I'm sorry.

And thank you. I'm Nick. Yes.

Nick. Oh, in that video. We'll put it, we'll add it to post.

We'll add it to post. I had a guy on my podcast, Nickonomics, who was the founder and CEO of think.ai, T-H-Y-N-K.ai. That's the one thing that they've focused on first is after hours and it's all AI.

And they're actually having conversations with people and they'll say it straight up. Like they're not hiding from it, but there's so much business that's missed when you don't have somebody picking up the phone after hours. There's so much business that's missed and they don't even know it.

And it's not like there's a high cost to it. Like, yeah, you can't afford a full-time employee after hours to answer the phone, but you can definitely pay a hundred dollars a month and have AI available at any moment. Or pay per lead.

That's what I put in my text. It's like, only pay me once you get a lead. That closes.

That closes. So it was a good offer. Dude, episode 133.

I interviewed a guy that raised venture capital and launched an AI call service for small businesses. And he's doing well. He's doing really, really well.

But like he went and raised venture capital. It's like a full thing. But what's crazy to me is like a year later, you can do that on a high level with like a few clicks.

I'm not saying it's as good or as customized as his, right? I don't want to disrespect his business, but it's just become so much easier. I love how we're to the point where, you know, we've both done 200 episodes on our podcasts individually.

And we're both like, I know, dude. So episode 173, I was talking to this guy. Seriously?

So episode 121 at timestamp 45.42, you're just like, we just keep getting more and more specific. So anyways, to wrap up my idea, this is the hero AI formula. I would pick three niches.

I'd build out one hero workflow per niche, right? This is not a custom workflow. This is just like plug and play because we're trying to go to the masses.

I'd reach out to a lot of owners. I'd close clients and charge 3,000 for a setup, have a monthly retainer. And then maybe we do some upsells in there.

But I think that business would get me to a million dollars. Do you smell that, Nick? No, I didn't.

Kind of smells like a lead magnet. Do we need to link to that in the show notes? That hero AI?

Oh, do we? I don't know. Huh.

All right. I have another very different one. Okay.

We're all over the place here. We're going to go to the Shannon Jean method. And we're going to start just liquidating some crap from GovDeals and bstock.com slash Costco.

We're going to liquidate stuff. That's a really good idea. That's a really good idea.

What are we talking about? Dude, you buy for 5 cents on the dollar. You sell for 30 to 40 cents on the dollar.

I think it's a really good idea for people who have experience doing it. How do you get experience? By doing it.

I know. Yes, I agree. I'm just saying if it was like a six-month window, do you think you could get enough experience to make a million dollars in six months?

Really? I do. I mean, I've had them on my podcast eight times, right?

So I would watch all eight of those episodes and then start with something cheap. Like you can buy a pallet of like exercise equipment for 500 bucks, right? Like six treadmills for 500 bucks or it'd actually be cheaper than that.

Like 10 treadmills for 500 bucks. Sell them for 200 bucks. I know a guy named Dylan in Logan, Utah.

He just did that. He filled his garage. It was his first flip ever.

He filled his garage with freaking treadmills. And a week into it, he's like, I don't know, Chris. I don't know if I'm going to move these.

And then two weeks later, he's like, they're gone. Sold them all. Like, I'm not saying it works for everyone.

It works all the time. But Shannon talks in detail about like, avoid this. Avoid that.

Go here. Start here. I think it's totally doable.

And you could put this stuff on a credit card. Not that I advise that, but some people might want to. You can get points for it.

You can get points for it. And someday you pay it off. The thing is about credit cards, you don't even need to pay it off.

It's like free money. That's actually a really good point. I hadn't thought of that, actually.

Anyway, so that's a short one. Like, that's just the whole thing. Listen to the episodes with Shannon and start flipping stuff.

Or if you don't want to just fly blind and like buy stuff off govdeals.com, if you go to Facebook Marketplace, once again, I'm talking about Facebook Marketplace, type in the word business. You will see a ton of businesses that are either for sale, or closing, like going out of business that are not listed anywhere else. I think you could also make a million dollars in six months by just focusing on restaurants that are going out of business and liquidating their equipment.

Just playing middleman because it's high ticket. These are tens of thousands of dollars. And just saying, all right, I'll take all these fryers, all this equipment, and I'm going to place it.

And then you can list this equipment on other marketplaces like eBay or restaurant equipment sites and sell it before you ever even buy it. Yeah. What do you think?

So I think that's great. Then you don't have to hold any inventory. Like you're literally just kind of creating a marketplace.

That's genius. Yep. Yeah.

All right. All right. Here is my number one gun to my head.

I have to earn a million dollars in six months. I'm going to go off of, I just talked about Hero AI. Find one or two workflows that you know work and add value.

I'm going to build off of that. This is like going to college after you've gone to high school, getting your PhD after you got that four-year degree. And what I would do is I would buy a business.

But hear me out. I'm going to go ahead and focus and find one specific thing that I know for a fact is going to unlock value in a business. It's not going to be the after hours calls.

That's not big enough. It's probably going to have to be automating something in the sales process or something in the receivables process or something in the fulfillment of your product process. Here's an example.

In the medical space, billing. You need to understand all the billing codes. You need to understand diagnoses, et cetera.

Maybe there's something I can build there with AI that can help supplement in a healthcare business, in a home services business. Maybe it's staffing. Maybe there's something that I can build in a workflow that automates staffing.

But I'm not going to get to the million dollars just by selling that as a service. I'd have to get a ton of different customers. I am going to get to the million dollars if I buy something that is at scale that I can leverage.

If there's a company that's spending a million dollars a month on labor and I'm able to reduce their labor by 20%, I just made $200,000 with that one company. 10x that, you made $2 million. Think about it.

Well, and here's the thing. You stack that up over a week, I'm way ahead. You stack that up over a month, I'm going to kick your butt.

You stack that up over seven years, I'm living in a cave, and you're the guy who's living in the Jetsons future. Anyways, so I had to, what I would do is I would nail down a process. Again, it has to be high leverage.

Either something that increases revenue by a lot or reduces your costs, mainly labor, by a ton. And then I would go and find a company. So an example of this would be, I know home health and hospice really well.

Hospice, let's say that I've got something that makes my employees 20% more productive. They're no longer charting in their documentation. They're dictating to AI and AI is doing it.

So now, instead of just being able to do five visits a day, they can do seven visits a day. And because now they're doing seven visits a day, I can do the same. I can have the same staff and grow my revenue on the top side from $5 million to $7 million.

And I don't add one piece of staffing. And so I've just increased my bottom line by a million dollars a year. Now, the risk of that is I have to go bigger, right?

This isn't just like start an agency and you're going to find some customers. I have to go buy a business. But if you actually have a skill set, you know, an industry and you can identify a workflow and then go buy a business day one, you're going to walk into equity value.

And that's what I would do to make a million dollars in six months. And I honestly, I think I could do it. It's asymmetric information that you have.

Yeah. And you're just implementing that post-purchase. A hundred percent.

Can I add on to that? Are you going to up-level this? I don't know.

We'll let the audience decide. Are you going to steel man it? I hate that phrase.

So our friend Hector, our friend Hector, he is talking about buying a heavy equipment repair company in Houston, Texas. It's a one-man operator. He just drives a van.

He has no website. He has no CRM. He has no systems.

He doesn't take calls that are over a half hour away. He's like 65 years old. He makes $350,000 a year of net profit.

And he's crushing it. Hector met him through a church friend. And he is going to own a chunk of this business just to value add it.

Just to add more trucks, to add a website, to systemize it. Oh, by the way, he charges $125 an hour. Market rate in Houston for the same thing is $300 an hour.

And everyone's booked out. And he's just like, I don't want to raise my prices. I'm doing fine.

So Hector doesn't even need to buy this business. He's basically signing a contract that grants him conditional equity. If I do X, Y, and Z, quite simple things to your business, and he'll have the control to do this.

I know where you're going. Then I get 5% of this business without having to buy it. Oh, my gosh.

It's effectively the same thing, but not needing to buy the business. The owner stays on. They have a good relationship.

He's going to train everyone. He's going to help them hire. He just doesn't want to do it.

That is freaking money. It's merging the agency with buying a business. But effectively, instead of charging that company, you're saying, I want equity.

Yeah. It might be a longer sales cycle, right? Because it's like you've got to convince somebody to give you equity in their business.

This is the Bro Mosey playbook. That's how Alex Hormosey does it, right? Explain.

That was his model at one point, was he would take large chunks, sometimes 30%, sometimes controlling interest, to add value at companies. He wouldn't even invest money. He wouldn't buy equity.

He would invest money after getting his equity to grow the business in paid ads or whatever, but it was a business expense. That's how he built much of his wealth is in doing that. I wasn't saying that in that sense it's a Bro Mosey move.

I think it's high risk, high reward. You could spend four or five months just looking, but you just got to close one person. I don't have to go and close 50 people at $50,000 a month or whatever the number is, right?

I just got to close one person who's willing to partner with me and boom, I've made a million dollars in six months. I really like that idea. It's usually going to be like a friend or a family or a friend of a friend of a family member, right?

That's where the trust can come from. It's kind of hard just starting cold, you know? Yeah, it has to be.

You have to like, that's why it's like the highest risk, but I also think it's the highest reward. Yeah. Because you're not only going and betting everything into equity on your performance, but you're also like risking reputation.

Yeah. People that you know and trust and like. Yeah.

All right. So over the summer, we went to Island Park. We had an episode while I was in Island Park, Idaho.

And guess what? Island Park has on the north side of town, it's a very narrow strip of land, if you will, north to south. On the north side of town, you got a few acres.

They've got really nice glamping sites, two to $300 a night to stay in a glamping tent. There's a bunch of them on the same property and they stay pretty much booked. On the south side of town, you got nothing.

You got no glamping. Okay. So the universe threw me a bone.

And around the same time I'm noticing this, our boy Shannon texts me and he's like, hey, I got a deal on some glamping sites that are like 90% off. These are like $15,000 glamping sites. They're like $1,500.

He's like, are you interested? Any other point in my life, I'm not interested. I love how Shannon's like the shady guy in New York City who just walks around like, hey, watches, watches, fake IDs, fake IDs.

And he's like opens his trench coat up, selling stuff on the street. So he's like, hey, do you want to buy some glamping tents? And it's like, any other time it's like, no.

But it's like, maybe. So I started looking at land. Started looking at land.

You can buy land, beautiful scenic land in Island Park for call it 150, 200 an acre. Right. Or like five acres for 500 grand.

Okay. You're going full Sanchez. You can also buy like bath because the only real roadblock to this is a bathroom.

You need a bathroom. You can buy like bathrooms on a trailer or like bathrooms that are delivered on a trailer that you put down on the ground on a slab, a cement slab, which you're going to pay about $6 a foot for. And then you put in some septic for about 20 grand.

Lay the septic, put in a bathroom, buy glamping tents, list them on Airbnb one at a time. You buy one tent, get it fully occupied, buy another one, get it fully occupied, on and on and so forth. And it's kind of like the RV rental model, except with glamping sites.

In markets that don't have enough glamping sites. Well, how do I test? Well, you just, you do exactly what I did for RVs.

You go search for glamping on Airbnb. You look for this weekend. You look for a year out.

You see which markets have more demand than supply. And that's where you buy in. How do I afford all this land?

500 grand is a lot of money. You sell or finance or you do a lease purchase on raw land, which you can do. My friend in Canada did it with portable storage.

He went and said, I'll pay you $3,000 a month for this acreage. In a year, I want the option to buy it. Sure.

Sounds good. So then he spent the next year putting portable self-storage on the property. It crushed.

He got fully occupied. Now that property is worth a lot of money because he put a business on it. Then he executed his option to buy it only after he had validated the business.

Do the same thing with glamping go. Did you take a breath? No.

Was there a breath taken in the last four minutes? Holy crap. That was amazing.

I can't breathe and grind at the same time, Nick. Got to make a choice. Is there a way to find out whether or not a property has septic on it?

Like without going there? There could be like a database or something, but nothing. No, it's hard.

I love the idea. Dude, we know this. We looked at it when we tried to get something on our RV park.

I think that would take potentially six months just to get up and running. Right? Like to get the foundation poured, the septic in, and then you get the glamping stuff delivered.

Like that would just take a long time. If you could identify somebody who has land and has all that stuff set up, then you could just kind of be a broker and be like, Hey, are you using your land? Can I run it?

Almost like the same exact model that you just said, like rent to own model. Can I use your land? This is my business plan.

And then boom, you're ready to go. Then you wouldn't need to necessarily buy the land. You could just lease it from somebody.

That's what I think. I think you find land that you can lease purchase, lease with an option to purchase. And you say, listen, I am going to put, here's the permanent things I'm going to do to your land.

I'm going to put a pad on the land and I'm going to put septic. The pad, I just put a pad in my backyard is going to be $7 a foot. So let's say it's 500 square foot, that's $3,500.

And then the septic is going to be $20,000. If in a year I don't want to renew my lease or I don't want to buy it, you are going to have free septic and a pad on your property. FYI, that is a term and condition of this deal.

Are you cool with that? If yes, cool. So like you could find that property and sign that lease in a week.

And then during that time, you could be doing your research on, is there demand in this area, enough demand for glamping? And what you could even do, you could take it a step further. A lot of glamping sites, if not most of them don't have a bathroom.

It's just glamping. You got to figure out your own bathroom. So you don't have to have a pad or a septic.

You could start there, show your demand. And then you realize from the comments, I'm losing all these bookings because I don't have a bathroom. But now I know there's a lot of demand for bathroom.

Then you could put it in at that point. Yeah. I love that.

I've always loved the glamping idea. We looked at it many times. So did you buy, did you, did you do it?

No, but I would like to. It's on my list. Are you seriously considering doing it?

I should say. No, just because I have so many other things that I would love to do, but it's, it's on my list. I might do it one day.

If somebody was listening right now and they lived in Eastern Idaho and they're like, oh, I know that area. I have land. I have a septic tank.

Chris, will you partner with me to like figure out how to do the glamping? I would be very interested. You'd be very interested.

Okay. Yeah. Cause I genuinely, like I'll put my money where my mouth is.

I think this is a great idea. Of course. It's an amazing idea.

So video is cool, but you know, what's better long form audio via podcast and my newsletter TKO pod.com go there to subscribe for free to my newsletter. It's one email a week, very tactical. And then go to my audio podcast, three episodes a week, stuff like this.

You're going to love it. All free. No sleazy sales pitch.

TKO pod.com. Should we do a little bonus segment? A little bonus segment.

I'm in dude. Okay. I will strive to portray the value of this idea in no more than two sentences.

How about that? Done. I'm going to give you just the idea and I'm going to try to tell you in only two sentences enough information to get you agree to agree that it's a good idea.

Right. Okay. I had a guy on my podcast that does coil cleaning on HVAC units at grocery stores.

The churn is almost zero. It's very high ticket. He competes with no one on it.

That's the two sentences. And it's just coils. Like he pressure washes the outside of HVAC units to keep them running efficiently.

Yeah. Dude. I saw this tweet the other day of somebody who commented that was like, people don't understand that if they just pressure wash their HVAC unit, like their home HVAC unit, it'd be 20% more efficient.

Yeah. It seems fake. Like we're right back to, I mean, that 20% sounds a lot.

Like if your coils don't look dirty, they're probably not dirty. Right. But this goes back to our B2B stump grinding business.

Like stump grinding is a pain point for tree trimming businesses, which is why that is an industry now. Thanks to you and I. This is the same thing.

Coil cleaning is a pain point for HVAC companies because they sell these recurring maintenance contracts. But it's a pain to do the coil cleaning because they got to go pull out the pressure washer, which they don't use for anything else. It's the same thing, Nick.

So if you specialize in only pressure washing, coil cleaning, and he said he does gas stations at it. He says, but grocery stores are his best and biggest customers and they never leave. He never churned.

He said he's literally never lost a grocery store customer. So if you were to only do that and specialize in that, I think pretty quickly you could build up a good book of recurring revenue. Why would the grocery store cancel?

Like at that point, it's like, what are they paying him? What do they pay him? I don't remember.

Okay. Let's say it's a month per quarter. It's a month.

Yeah. Yeah. Dude.

Something like that. It's a rounding error. I don't even look at that number.

I mean, that's the same type of idea as the AI stuff that I brought up, right? It's like find one niche workflow and you can implement it. That's just like find one niche cleaning thing or like one niche maintenance thing.

At a big grocery store or factory or whatever. Yeah. And you could probably build a recurring business around that.

Yeah. Find the pain point that nobody really wants to do, but they have to do and unbundle it. Do you remember when we talked about bingo loco?

Si, senor. Sure. So my wife went to it and we're going to it again in Dallas and they make like 20 to $30,000 a night and they could travel around the country.

All they do is Instagram ads and they just do bingo in the cramped hall and then they sell food and alcohol and they sell bingo cards and people have a blast and they all post about it. And it's just a beautiful business. I think someone needs to validate that concept with portable pickleball courts where you just run Facebook ads to start before spending a dollar.

You run targeted Facebook ads to 35 to 50 year olds that enjoy pickleball in a geographical area. And you say, we're having a pickleball party in the Walmart parking lot or whatever. And you see if you can sell enough tickets to it.

If so, if you do, then you can buy or rent these portable pickleball courts and you can have a big pickleball party. How's that for alliteration? If you don't sell enough tickets, then you just refund people and you move on with your life.

Dude. Basically it's bingo loco for pickleball or bingo loco for anything like funky millennial fun stuff, add music, add whatever, charge way too much money for it. Apply to any other industry.

Maybe it's pickleball. Maybe it's something else. Where did you go?

Like when you guys went to bingo loco, where was it? It's like some random like hall, like just an event. It could be in like a holiday in conference center.

When you did bingo loco, are there like specific games or like, obviously you're playing bingo, but is there anything in particular that they're doing on top of the bingo? Yeah. Like there's someone, there's like a DJ on stage or playing music.

There's like neon lights. You win a reward. You could win a trip.

You could win like a life-size cardboard cutout of Ryan Gosling. Bro. It's, it's liquid death for bingo.

Yes. All they're doing is marketing it differently. Yeah.

We're talking like a thousand people that pay 40 bucks each just to get in the door. And that for us, 40 grand, in case you're not counting. Then they sell alcohol, they sell food and they give away like a thousand dollars in prizes.

Like they don't give away that many prizes. Dude. It's literally liquid death except in bingo form.

And you could, you could apply that same thing. It's just packaging to anything. It could be pickleball or it could be, or just do it for bingo in other markets.

Like just call it bingo crazy and just go attend a bingo loco, take notes and then go back to Des Moines, Iowa, where bingo loco will never go to and do it there. The exact same thing. That's a really good idea.

Those are the like famous last words of any entrepreneur. How hard could it be? I know.

Then they fly. Then they fly. I love that, man.

All right. What do we got? Okay.

This is very different. This is very off the wall, but I thought of you. What are the large mower companies?

Do you know? Oh, Toro, John Deere. Like we're talking about lawnmowers.

Yeah. I just talked to a guy who worked for a mower company called Walker, Walker mowers. Apparently they're the best mowers.

Barley mower. Sure. According to the guy who works there.

Well, he doesn't work there anymore, but he's like, we had the best mowers. They were way better than John Deere. The problem is we had sales reps.

It was super interesting. Apparently there's the manufacturer, but then they had distributors and then they had dealers. So there's like two layers into selling.

Same as John Deere. Is it? So the manufacturer doesn't actually sell to end users, but they do have to do the marketing and branding awareness for the end.

It's weird. Anyways. So he's like, by the time it gets to the dealer, which is one step removed or two steps removed from them, their sales reps didn't really know the product.

And so they're out there trying to sell Walker versus John Deere. But if they don't understand the product, it's a commodity at that point. So anybody's just going to make a choice on price.

So he's like, I had the idea. This guy had the idea. He's like, I convinced Walker to build something.

And I was like, what? He's like, I convinced them to build an amusement park. I was like, what?

Wait, what are you talking about? He's like, well, it's not really an amusement park, but at their headquarters, I'm sharing my screen right now. They built three acres and you can't really see it with these three acres, but this three acres had like, has 120 different features on it that showcase their mowers.

So this right here, they call this Mount Walker. He's like an each side of this has a different incline. So you can show how well.

Yeah. So you can show how well the mower does. So they brought all the sales reps and they bring them just in like cohorts and they come and they mow and they actually see like, Hey, we've got a John Deere mower.

We've got a Walker mower. Let's show you how well it does. And though that's just what they do like all day.

And so these sales reps, they go only for the sales reps, this park. It's only, it's only for the sales reps. Oh my gosh.

My boy. Why do you think I'm bringing this up? So only the sales rep come.

And he was like, that changed the game for us because once the sales reps actually went and saw and felt and knew what the difference was, then they could speak to these guys who own landscaping companies and say like, look, man, the turning radius or, you know, whatever was like specific. I know this is much better. And so they saw way better outcomes.

I asked him like, so do they open this to the public? He's like, no, they don't. And I'm like, are you freaking kidding me?

Because I had, I would buy a ticket right now, Nick. I'm the biggest mowing enthusiast you've ever met, bro. That's what I'm saying.

I was just going through my credit card transactions. I spent a thousand dollars on Home Depot this last week and I don't even have like a big project going on. That's a great week for me.

That'd be a great week for me, Nick. Dude, I've already been thinking. I'm like, Home Depot is like the Lego store for adults.

You just, you just like go walk around. You're like, oh, I think I might need this. You just like pick something up and all of a sudden you're a couple hundred dollars in.

This would like, I guarantee you this would get people coming and saying, oh, I'll volunteer to go mow some freaking grass. So I, I don't know if it's reaching out to Walker and getting them to open this up to the public, or if it's opening up your own sort of fantasy camp for people to come and mow. But how cool of a business would that be?

You got just a couple acres, you're bringing people in and not, you could, I guess, teach them how to mow. But more than that, they're just freaking riding around, having a good time. Dude, of course, of course, that's a good idea.

What else do you want me to say? You want me to say it's a bad idea and lie through my teeth? Dude, I saw, I saw a viral Instagram video with 20 million views about this family.

They have a family reunion every summer and they set up this obstacle course with the riding mower and everyone like races around the obstacle course to like see how fast they can do it. And then there's like this hokey prize. Like you could monetize that.

Easily. It's first principles. Men love to ride riding mowers.

We love to cut grass. We love to see our progress behind us. All right.

So I was thinking, you know, our friend, bro, Mosey is always like, you just need to lock yourself in a room for 18 hours. Turn off the lights, ignore your friends and family and build a business. And he gets a lot of crap for that.

Right. But there's something to be said for it. So in our church, Nick, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the president of our church, Russell M.

Nelson, was a world renowned heart surgeon. Did you know it took him 12 and a half years post-college, post-doctorate degree before he really started earning a real salary as a heart surgeon? No.

12 and a half years. That's a fact. Is that normal?

Like, does that still happen? Well, he wanted to like get all these other certifications. Like he really went the extra mile, which is one reason why he became such a renowned heart surgeon.

He didn't just do the bare minimum. He did PhD equivalent research in heart surgery. He got advanced surgical training at the Mayo Clinic.

He had an internship, residency, multiple fellowships abroad. He did all these other things. I mean, he was fairly well known in the medical community.

I think he was one of the first people to perform open heart surgery. And what was the machine? Oh, a heart and lung machine.

Right. Because like, you need to have that if you're going to do open heart surgeries. I think he was either the first or one of the first open heart surgeons.

Yeah. But 12 years, that's a long time. It's a long time.

So I say that because like you and I are family men. We each have four kids. We want to optimize our lives to hang out with our family.

But I think there's something to be said for saying, listen, I'm going to do my time. I'm going to pay my dues here. I'm going to go away for a few months and really build something incredible.

I'm going to work 18 hour days nonstop. And like this is an investment in our family's future. Yeah.

Like honey, I'm going to be gone for like two months. I'm in a hotel. I'm going to Florida.

Chris and I are going to hang out. We are building a business. You know what I mean?

Like we just leave our wives. They handle the house. And of course we have to be creative.

We go spearfishing. We ship on the beach. Okay.

First of all, you would never go spearfishing. But it's like you can work 12 hours a day in a crappy job that you hate and come home at 7 p.m. and be angry at your kids and all in the name of, well, I don't want to take a big risk.

Or you can like set a couple months aside and really build something amazing. So you never have to do that again. You know?

Yeah. I totally agree. The problem is that there are people who are continually in that phase of like, oh, I'm just, it's just a few months.

Oh, once August comes, things will be better. Oh, once January comes, things will be better. You know what I mean?

And they just never figure out how to get out of the weeds. Yeah. All right.

So let's go ahead and pick two favorites. Like gun to our head. If we had to start one of these, you can't just pick one.

I'm going to pick two. You pick two. Why don't you go first?

If I had to pick two to start and make a million dollars in the next six months, my number one pick, I already said, would be buy a business and add value on day one through AI automation. I just think I know that really well. I could go and find a business and within the first week have an additional million to $2 million in value in a business.

Number two, dude, the liquidation idea, I think is if I had to make a million dollars in six months, it would be the liquidation idea. I have cash. I could buy more than enough volume in order to make enough money to make that million dollars.

You could store it on your own property. Yeah. It just seems like I'm sure if I called Shannon and was like, dude, I got to freaking make some money.

Could you help me? He would help me out. You know what I mean?

I just think that that one would be such an easy one to execute. Those are great ones. And I'm glad you chose those because that means we will have no overlap.

Okay. So we got more surface area here. Okay.

Nice. My number one, or sorry, my two number ones, my tied for number ones are the RV rentals as a service. You could finance it.

My only drawback on that one is it is kind of location dependent. You might live in an area where people just don't need RVs. If so, your research will show you that.

And it just means that you won't end up doing it. It doesn't mean you're going to fail. You just, your research will tell you not to do it.

Net of net. I love that idea because I've done that idea. I know it can scale.

It's hard when you have only one or two, but as you scale, you can hire people. You can have systems in place. Okay.

Other tied for number one is your idea. AI automation for small businesses. There are 32 million small businesses in America alone.

The vast majority of those have no employees and they're not answering their phone. If ever, they're definitely not answering after 5 PM. I just think that is a blue ocean in 10 years from now.

It's still going to be early. It's still going to be a great opportunity. Business owners don't want to feel left behind.

They have FOMO about AI, but they don't need AI. So they just want someone to help them with it. And it's a huge opportunity.

That's a dude. Didn't hear you say it that way. I am a new number one.

I do think if I didn't have the six month constraint, I think the RV rental would be my number one. Yeah. Just, I really like that business.

It's not going away. It's an experiential business. Families will love it.

Like, I just, I think that that's an amazing business. I just think it would take more than six months for me to get to where I wanted to get to. Yeah.

Well, maybe you're not built different. I'm not, dude. I'm built the same as everybody else.

You're built same. Built same. Built same.

All right. What'd you think? Please share it with a friend and we'll see you next time on the Kerner Office.