I just think it's genius of him. He listened to your hack that you've used and he applied it in a way that you hadn't used it. He's productizing it and selling it to business owners, boomer business owners that don't know how to do it anyways, and charging them 750 bucks a month.

I think it's freaking genius. Welcome to the Kerner office today, Nick and I chatted all kinds of cool business ideas that I think you'll love. So I'm going to start calling this type of episode, the hold co bros, and I think you'll enjoy it.

I'm kind of mad because I had another episode planned to come out today. Another Q and a with business owners as I'm known for doing, but the audio was all messed up. So I had to put in this episode of Nick and I also, I changed the numbering of these episodes.

So if it looks like I released a whole bunch of episodes overnight, I didn't, I just changed how they're numbered. So it's a lot more clean now. Anyway, enjoy.

Have you ever heard me talk about on Twitter or wherever, how it's very advantageous for people to go into local Facebook groups and talk about, Hey, I'm a young guy or, Hey, I just started a business. I'd love your support and generating leads that way. You've seen that bit.

Yeah. So I talked about that a lot when we launched fast tree care and that's how we got our first jobs. James went into these local Facebook groups and said, I'm James.

I just graduated from college. And you're basically playing on everyone's pity gene, right? Like they want to support you.

They like supporting entrepreneurship and it works. And so I met this guy recently. I don't think it's a pity gene.

I don't think it's a pity gene, but I think it's, I want to help out the next generation. Yeah. Yeah.

Sure. Sure. So I met this guy named Danny and he productized this based on my idea and he's charging 750 bucks a month to business owners to log in to local Facebook groups on the business owner's Facebook account.

So they'll share their login info and he goes in there and basically gives that pitch, systemizes it, sends everyone to a Google form and generates leads for the business owner for 750 bucks a month. What are your thoughts? Shut up.

Are you serious? He got this idea from you. Yeah.

What royalty are you getting? You know, that kid that emailed us about his billion dollar landscaping idea. That's him.

That's him. That's him. Yeah.

No way. So he wants to use this model to scale a landscaping business nationwide with like college students. And I think there's a lot of merit to this.

There's a business around the corner from me called, we all know about college hunks hauling junk. There's one, there's one around the corner. They have wrapped purple trucks and it's called, Oh geez, something about pay my student loans.

Let me see. No, that's an only fans. I think, I don't know what you're talking about.

He's college fund, landscaping.com college fund landscaping. So these guys have a bunch of acreage on a busy road with a ton of wrap trucks out front, which tells me they're doing really well. And I think that they productized that little hack of playing on people's supportive gene or pity gene or whatever you want to call it.

I, so here's why I want to talk about the idea in particular in a second, but first I want to say, this is why I love Facebook. I know a lot of people younger than us in particular are not big on Facebook, but who is really big on Facebook people, our age and older in particular boomers. And when you look at their, you know, that demographic, they have money to spend.

They are more likely to spend their disposable income. So you are going to a group of people where they're gathered that have actual money to spend. And when you go to these Facebook groups with these owners, sometimes it's like shooting fish in a barrel.

Cause they, they just have no idea about technology. They have no idea how to optimize things. And how many businesses have you done?

Like you, you bought a Facebook group with one of your companies that I won't mention that you, you know, that you ended up turning into a funnel for business just by buying the Facebook group and then funneling them to your business. Right? So I think there's a ton of opportunity with these Facebook groups.

This, the second thing in particular, I just think it's genius of him. He listened to your hack that you've used and he applied it in a way that you hadn't used it. He's productizing it and selling it to business owners, boomer business owners that don't know how to do it anyways.

And charging them 750 bucks a month. I think it's freaking genius. I know.

I think it's funny seeing people pick up with stuff that I talk about and it's, I see them launch it and they're successful. And it's just a man, if I had more time, that would be me. I might not be doing it as well as you cause this kid's crushing it, but I could totally do that.

So just yesterday I was looking at a business called, what was it? After.com. I think it's after.com where it's these guys at a propo, they raised a bunch of money to brother product ties, cremations, human cremations.

And so they partnered with cremation facilities around the country and they have just like three products on their website, 900, 1200, 1500. And what was interesting was I went into similar web and did some digging on where they're getting their traffic from. And it's all from Facebook because 60, 70, 80 year olds on faith or on Facebook.

So where else would it come from? What are they doing out of Provo? Like they have a cremation company that they're providing the cremation services for, or they're helping just white labeling human cremation services.

Okay. Yep. She's Louise talk about dark.

Anyway, my point was they're getting all of the traffic from Facebook because that's the demographic, right? If you want to talk about it, what do you think of Danny is his name, how he's pitched us launching this college landscaping company using this method? Mm-hmm .

Cause he, so for those who don't know, Danny just reached out to us cold, sent us an email. I responded back to him and said, Hey, it seems like a cool business idea. Why don't you actually put together a deck and send us a proposal?

So he put some time into it and actually sent over a deck with the proposal. And anybody who's on Twitter, he wrote a good hook. It was like billion dollar idea, sent it to us.

And Chris and I have looked at it, but we actually haven't had a chance yet to actually debrief on it. And if you don't want to talk about it now, we can talk about it, you know, offline, but what do you think of his idea? And what do you think of like actually partnering with him to launch something like this?

I think there's just like universal law in business where it's like more headache, more logistics, more potential scale, more potential profit. And I'm like, I'm this old boomer 37 year old. That's like less headache, less profit.

I don't care. I just want, I'd rather do 12 things with less headache than two things with much headache. And so I want to partner with him on this lead generation thing and just find a bunch of people to generate leads for through their local Facebook groups.

Right. Forget about the landscaping idea because there are just so many operational things that you have to manage in order to execute that well. He's talking about using college students in all these different towns.

Essentially it's a franchise, right? Whereas with this, you don't have to franchise it. You can be central, you can find these businesses and you can scale it fairly well, I shouldn't say fairly easy, much easier than you could having to go through college students.

I agree with you on that. I love the idea of utilizing the college students. And he reached out to us cause we have over 35,000 applicants to our co-founders program and he's, Hey, we could use the co-founders network in order to launch this, but yeah, I think it would be more profitable and less operational headache to launch something that's helping these essentially boomer Facebook groups maximize Facebook.

Yeah. We're talking about landscaping already. So let's just go down the line.

And I want to talk about that guy on YouTube who has a channel with millions of subscribers that just mows people's lawns for free and he films it. And then he posts the videos and his whole pitch is, Hey, let me mow your lawn for free. Why would you do that?

Well, because people watch it on YouTube. Okay. Weirdo.

Sure. I feel like this could be, you could do this with any industry, right? You could, and there probably are people doing it in other industries that I just haven't researched yet, but you've got negative CAC for those that don't know what negative CAC is negative customer acquisition costs, which you take, you take someone like Kevin Espiritu who has the Epic gardening channel and YouTube pays him to sell raised planters on his YouTube channel.

So this customer acquisition cost is less than zero. Cause he's getting paid to market to his customers. I feel like this is like a different version of negative CAC.

And I almost look at my show the same way where it's like, Hey, I want to consult for your business. Well, how much, well, it's free. Well, why would you do it for free?

Cause people are going to listen to it on the internet. Right? Like that model I think is in its early, early, early days.

And you could apply it to almost anything, especially to things that are like ASMR or things that are relaxing to watch. Like even like an assembly line video or the, how it's made show, right? Like just monetizing, taking videos of cool things.

Like, do you remember that episode I had episode two or three, the Tesla wheel repair and then Tesla car washing. I know it's an episode, but I never listened to it. Yeah.

I know, I know what episode you're talking about though. Yeah. So this guy basically said, why aren't there people washing Teslas at every supercharger?

And it's like, it's a great question. Why aren't there? You just sit there for 30, 40 minutes.

And the haters, the rational people, the, what about insurance people? They would say, well, you can't like actually electricity plus water. Those people, they would say that, you know, you can't charge a car while you wash it, but you can put rovers on Mars.

We can figure out how to do that. It's like a plastic bag or something, right? Yeah.

If they can give my grandma a bath in a skilled nursing facility without taking her out of the bed. Okay. We can figure out how to wash a Tesla without frying its circuit.

Hey, and I just want to say, we can get there. I just want to say, I'm going to go tell this to my wife tonight, actually. So it's actually the smaller, the CAC, the better, right?

Is that not, Oh my gosh. I'm sorry. I'm just going to power through that.

We're going to call this our power through it segment. We have a power through it segment every five seconds, which actually five seconds is a really long time. But I think what's interesting about what you're talking about is he wouldn't have had the negative CAC unless he had the distribution.

So, so I can't remember his name, Espiritu on YouTube or the guy who mows lawns. Kevin, Kevin, or the guy who mows lawns. Nobody's going to care to watch their lawn mowing video at first.

They've got to build up an audience. And then when they go mow the lawn for free, they're able to essentially monetize off of it. Let's brainstorm.

What are some other industries you could do this for? I know you've got like one on tip your tongue. Honestly, I didn't do a lot of research on this topic.

Well, it's just, okay. I'll jump. I'll jump in because that's fine.

It's similar to power washing for sure. Power washing for sure. Oh gosh.

Yeah. It's gotta be, it's gotta be a visual, like there's gotta be a visual component to it. Right.

Because that, that just captures eyeballs where, oh man, this is the before and after. So Speaker 1 00. Power washing falls into that mowing falls into that.

Probably tree trimming would fall into that. Oh, gutter cleaning. Right.

Just like the act of really good one unclogging all those gutters or the visual of the water, like coming out the downspout. Oh dude, that would be an ever like, it's something that anyone could use. It has to be a service that any homeowner could use at any given time.

So like roofing doesn't work. Right. Have you watched those YouTube videos?

It's called primitive builders. It's these guys. Oh yeah.

Yeah. So it's these guys in like Thailand who go in the middle of your red blooded American male, you've stayed up late watching those videos. Okay.

Like my kids have loved those videos, but the cool thing about it is you just see them build over time and there's no talking. Cause none of them speak English. You could have a YouTube channel that's cleaning gutters with no talking where it's like the mix of ASMR and and the video where, you know, the washing and then the unclogging and then whatever the guy's swearing when he smashes his finger, but okay.

I like the gutter cleaning. You know, what else would be a good one? And they've actually done these before, like the before and afters of guys with disheveled beards or like bad hair and you're a hairstylist and you go cut hair.

So one of the commenters on YouTube right now, Adi, he said salons. So that's yeah, exactly. What's up, Adi?

You guys are syncing up. You guys are syncing up. He gets me.

He gets me. I like this. Obviously home services makes a lot of sense.

Yep. Cool. Let's talk about AI generated podcasts for a second.

So tell us Nick, what you learned, what you learned today. All right. So the background is there.

Chris and I both launched podcasts in the last few months to be specific. Chris launched his pod podcast on February 22nd. I launched my podcast on April 28th.

Gosh, can I talk today? I launched my podcast on April 28th. Before Chris launched his podcast, we had an experiment back in started in August of last year with Brandon who's on Brayden.

Sorry, Brayden who's on Twitter as well. Where we said, could we create a AI generated podcast? And it was pretty simple.

We cloned Chris's voice and then we went and found stories and I'm using we liberally here. It was Chris. We went and found stories online that had lots of views and that were popular that Chris had compiled in a library from all these different places that he read them and fed the text through a filter and then used the cloned AI voice of Chris, combine those two.

And we created these five minute segments called startup gems. They were just quick stories and we released those every single day for about four months. And it was cool.

We had some traction. We were getting, I don't know, 10, 20, 30 downloads a day, Chris probably in that range. And when Chris and I decided to do podcasts, we had the conversation.

He's, Hey, do you care if I transition startup gems to now be at the Kerner office? And I didn't care. I was like, well, it was your voice and your most of your stories.

At that point, we were getting like two downloads a day too. We purposely didn't want to push it. We wanted to see, could we just keep uploading and could it grow on its own?

And it could not. And so there was this content library, I think 90, I think there's about 90 episodes, 88. I think maybe there's no, anyways, 90 episodes that were there.

And then Chris launches his podcast on February 22nd. Well, I track our downloads every single day. And I like to look at what percentage of the people downloading are listening to old episodes, because to me that says people are binging on old things.

So I pulled up Chris's metrics today and I was like, why is it so freaking high? People are listening to a lot of his old episodes. And yesterday about 10% of the downloads for Chris's podcast went back and we're listening to these AI generated podcasts that we had created.

And they're the perfect kind of fit for his audience, right? They're five minutes, they're business stories, they're engaging. It's his voice.

And they're just really quick to get in and out of. And it was just an aha light bulb moment for both of us. Not even an aha, I should say a validating moment for both of us because we believed in content.

We believe that building a library of content is valuable. And it was the validation of that thesis by looking and seeing, oh man, 130 people listened to this old podcast that we've forgotten about just yesterday, just because we're continuing to put out content. Yeah.

So I think that AI generated podcast should be more of a thing, but it should be done in a different way where the business owner or the podcast owner discloses upfront. Like this is AI generated, which is why you're getting so much of it. It's more of a quantity game.

And I think you could do it really interestingly with things like, let's take Seinfeld fans, right? You could get AI to review every episode or to summarize every episode or something. And it's just programmatic.

It's automatic. Every single day a podcast is uploaded and it's very asymmetric because your cost is $18 a month. That's what you pay to host the podcast.

And your time is, it's a zero time. Once you get it set up, you could have Zapier auto uploaded every single day. And you're not trying to trick people.

You're telling people it's AI generated, but you're basically feeding them content that when they get to the office, they're seeking out anyway. So maybe it's just a summary of yesterday's news. Maybe it's hyper niche, like a summary of, you know, home health and hospice news from the day before.

Dude, I just had this idea. You should take all the startup gems podcast episodes, or I will, if you don't want to do this and upload them to your YouTube and put them on a playlist. Like people would binge on those.

They would totally binge on those and it's sticky and it keeps people there and it doesn't necessarily confuse your episodes. You know what I mean? Necessarily.

But I think that would be a genius idea because what you're trying to do is you're trying to get people to trust you. You're trying to build trust at scale. And what builds trust is you have to get to know somebody.

And that's why podcasts and news newsletters and Twitter and YouTube are so valuable because it gives you a platform for people to get to know you very intimately. So anyways, I think that would be a genius idea. Another thing you can do on YouTube, I don't know if you knew this, but when you upload a podcast or when you upload a video, you can elect for it not to show to your subscribers.

So if you just want to be test something and just see if the algorithm picks it up, but you don't want to spam your subscribers, you just check a box and you upload it. So what about a service that takes the tweets from the people that you have notifications on for, and this could be any social media platform, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, whatever. And then every morning it's auto-generated to say, here's the recap from yesterday, right here, here were the most popular tweets.

Here's what's going on with Twitter. Cause how do you find out what's going on right now is you just scroll and it takes time for you to get caught up on what's going on and it's not proactive, right? Like you have to go out and seek it out, but that would be cool to just give people a daily, Hey, here's what's going on.

Hey, here's an update on your industry. Hey, here's what's going on in this community that you're working on. Right.

It could be, I'm on this WhatsApp group with these other healthcare entrepreneurs and I missed two days worth of the conversation. And in those two days, they had a ton where they just went through and I was like, I'm not going to go back and read this. You know what I mean?

I could do it on my family texts too. I'm like, my mother-in-law is texting me about the baby photo that she took 35 years ago. I'm like, I'm not going to, I'm just not going to look at it.

I don't, I'm not going to read this stuff. So I just check out, but it'd be nice to be like, Hey, can you just AI, can you auto summary the last 50 texts and just tell me what I missed? That would be so helpful for me instead of just ghosting people.

Back to the Twitter idea. You could even have Zapier say, Hey, I only want to see, I want you to read me tweets from people that I follow that had over 50,000 impressions. Just read me those.

Let me filter through all the crap that no one else thought was interesting either. Then you could block on your phone. Right.

That's super interesting because then you're combining the clubhouse air chat phenomenon where people like, we like to listen to audio with Twitter, right? Or it's just read me the tweets. You can even record your own voice.

You could have it recorded in somebody else's voices. And it was like, you know, it'll be like, that would be funny to read those tweets though. Could you imagine?

Hey, Siri, read me the tweets from yesterday. Sure thing. Here's a text from Nick tweet from Nick Huber.

If you have blue hair, I will not hire you. I hired a text from Nick Huber. I installed for my tenants.

I added $400 to the monthly rent by adding a deck. It doesn't even look dangerous. Wouldn't you agree?

I read 17 hours worth of Nick Huber's book. So you wouldn't have to. Here's what I learned about self-motivation.

A thread. Oh, no. Hey, so this is the freemium service that we offer, but then the premium service for $4.99 a month is what we call the Huber filter where it just filters all that out.

Yeah. Well, he probably just needs it for himself. Cause he's, oh, I own a real business now.

I can't be just, you know, crap tweeting at everybody. That would be funny. He like gets on his phone.

He's about to tweet something. Nick, don't tweet that. Take me to the island.

I want to go to the island with you. All right. Sorry.

Oh, we're going off the rails. I really liked that idea though. I really liked that idea about, I agree.

I agree. Somehow utilizing AI to either put out, organize, summarize content information that is, that currently is not in an aggregated place for you to go look at. Do you remember the Robin hood snacks podcast I used to listen to?

I had those two guys. Mm-hmm . It was a daily podcast.

It was like five to 15 minutes and they did not skip a day for two, three years. And it was live. It was real.

It was basically financial news from the day before. And they would record it like at four in the morning, every single day, like even the day after they got married, everything. I feel like you could do something very similar, but automated, like a daily summary of X, Y, or Z niche news.

And it just, it's all automated. It updates automatically generates the info automatically. And.

Well, dude, you saw, I think Thomas Newell created a custom chat GPT bot for co-founders for you and I, like he took our episodes and he fed them through an LLM or whatever, like whatever it is. You could do the same thing. You could train AI on you and I, like upload all of our episodes and then have a separate thing, go and scrape news.

And it's here's the five minute, you know, co-founders news for the day. And then marry those two things with our personality, clone our voices and have the data being scraped every day. We should stop talking about this and take this offline.

This is a billion dollar idea. Margaret, clear my calendar. We have ones of people listening right now.

So they're probably stealing it right now. Oh my gosh. It's incredible.

One thing that I've been thinking about this week in particular, it goes along with this AI piece is, you know, who Chamath is from the all in podcast, right? Yes. He's launched this.

He's launched this fund called, I think it's 80, 10. And the idea behind the fund is we're going to use AI and we're going to essentially copy any of the major tools out there. And we're going to get you 80% of the functionality for 10% of the cost.

So, oh, you use Salesforce, but they're really expensive. No, with AI. Now I can use whatever, a developer team gets you 80% of the functionality for 10% of the cost.

And so like his whole bet is software is going to become a lot more tailored to individuals, as opposed to it just being this big enterprise platform that you pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to then tailor to your specific company. So I'm really interested in this idea right now. And one of the areas that I think that it applies is in staffing.

And I know that you feel this way, but being on Twitter, it's like, oh man, the global talent market is saturated with people who are finding talent and then placing them here in the United States. There's so many companies that are doing it. But when you zoom out, there's not really that many companies doing it.

It's growing like crazy. It's a space that people are investing in and that is only getting more and more saturated, but it is by no means saturated. I think that people can stake out their claim by niching down in that space.

So what I mean by that is right now, you know, you and I have talked about this. Could we launch one of these businesses with our distribution? Yeah.

But then we'd have to, you know, we'd have to go out. We'd have to actually find a team in the Philippines. We'd have to, or whatever country we're sourcing them from, we'd have to manage them.

We'd have to get a pipeline. We don't have a sales team. Like it's a whole infrastructure buildup that you'd have to get.

But what if we didn't do any of that and we just niched down and said, Hey, we want to provide global talent specifically for leads. That's it. That's the only thing that we do is we do lead generation, or lead generation.

Okay. Exactly. Right.

Or I want to do outsource talent specifically for video editing and content creation. That's what Sahil Bloom's new company is, or we do global talent specifically for home services. And in that model, I think somebody like us could launch it and then white label it with an existing international company.

So we're like, we're filling the niche need of people who want a specific type of employee, but then we also don't have to build out the infrastructure on the backend. I actually think that's what Sahil's doing. I could be totally wrong, but when Sahil posted about, Hey, I'm launching this company, Nick Huber, like very next line is, man, you're going to crush it.

I'm really excited for you. There's space for everybody in this market. Nick doesn't do that crap.

Nick is like very, he gets butt hurt very easily. He's very competitive. He doesn't like people being in his space.

Nick Huber, Ph.D.: I think there's, I think there's something potentially there where he's white labeling it with Sahil. And so Sahil's generating all of this stuff, but then it's just funneling for back, back office fulfillment to support Shepard. Nick Huber, Ph.D.: I don't know how I didn't notice that.

Cause I saw his comment and I thought, huh, that's weird. Well, they're friends, so whatever. But think about their revenue models.

They're totally different. Shepard charges, like it ends up being three to five grand one time. Nick Huber, Ph.D.: And Sahil's is charging three to five grand every month.

And so if Shepard says, Hey, we'll give you, we'll give you 40% off. So it's going to be 2,200 bucks per placement. You're going to make that back in month one.

And then Sahil's company doesn't have to do any work whatsoever. And Huber's thrilled because it's just more volume and their margins are 80%. So a little less margin on those, but it's just a bonus.

Nick Huber, Ph.D.: Well, and like a little inside baseball here, we have a friend who knows people in that space, knows the Huber Sanchez space. And he posted something. One of those influencers liked it and reposted it.

And then they took it down because Huber reached out to them and was like, Hey, could you take this down? It's competing with one of my, but he felt like it was competing with one of his businesses. Right?

So if he's that petty about something small, I can't see him being like cool about Sahil launching something. So in my mind, Jeff Lerner, Ph.D.: Friends are not agreed. Nick Huber, Ph.D.: Friends were not.

Jeff Lerner, Ph.D.: It's funny because the Shepherds of the world got their start by unbundling Upwork, right? Upwork leads the pack. You unbundle Upwork by doing it more in a more niche, different way.

And now people are unbundling Shepard because that's all Landed is doing. Jeff Lerner, Ph.D.: They're just, so it's just the unbundling never stops. Jeff Lerner, Ph.D.: Right.

Right. And it makes sense because the more niche you can get, the faster you can grow. And then, you know, eventually when you're so niche, I talk about this a lot where in software, there's this concept of land and expand.

You get into a service offering and then you start offering adjacent services, right? And it's the same in business. You start an agency doing, I don't know, pay-per-click and then you start buying other companies that are now doing SEO and other companies that are doing Google My Business and other companies that are doing lead generation.

They're all adjacent to what you're offering, but you're using that central piece cash flows to start buying other businesses that you can gobble up and piece together. I think it's the same thing. They're doing the unbundling to start and then they grow into being able to offer a bunch of different services.

Yeah. Cause I think the secret sauce with shepherd is the fact that they don't have to just go post to Upwork every time they need someone, they have their own internal database now. And so landed is skipping the line by leveraging their existing database.

They don't have to worry. All right, this person that shepherd's handing over, are they going to be any good? They're pretty sure that person's already been vetted and maybe working for them on other projects for the last two to three years.

They're good. So the quality, they have quality from day one. So I know the answer to this question, but for people who aren't, who don't know and that are listening, what is landed?

I know it. I know what it is. I know what landed is.

I just, for them, will you explain to them what landed is? That's the Hills company that we've been talking about. Oh, gosh dang.

Can you, Muhammad, I've been talking about it too. I'm so stupid. I don't, you know me.

I like read three words in a post and I'm like, okay, cool. I got the gist and I move on. It, no, it's called autism and I know you.

It's all good. It's all good. I'm an artist.

What do you want me to say? Speaking of that, I have a retraction I need to make. I got to make a retraction.

You ready for this? Okay. Yeah.

The last time we spoke, we mentioned, we talked about our pet cremation business, Sunbeam paws and Stephen Hale, our close friend at H care advisor guy who lives near me. What the hell? This morning when we bought the van, this sounds like really serious, but I'm actually just trolling Stephen right now.

So I'll bury the lead. I'm not gonna bury the lead. I bought the van with a loan.

Remember we talked about the loan and then the lender said, this is, there was some weird quirk on the title and they were like, you can't buy this as a business. You have to buy this as an individual. So then Stephen stepped up and he said, I'll buy it.

And so then he listened to our podcast and he's like, Oh, you didn't tell everyone that I bought it. You sold them that you. So let me be very clear.

Stephen Hale bought the van cash because he is a rich and attractive man. And I was wrong in our last podcast. And I genuinely apologize to him.

Oh my gosh. I'd be fricking so butthurt. I'm actually like, butthurt for him.

Cause I'm like sitting here. I'm like, Chris took the loan out. He took a slug sign of that PG.

Hey guys, I just felt like it was something I could do to contribute. Okay. I felt like it was something I could do to contribute.

Spoiler alert. I'm trying to do my part. I'm a value add guy.

It ain't much, but it's honest work. That's freaking hilarious. And with that theme, now that we're talking about burning dogs, I want to talk about some of the KPIs that we have.

Okay. We got our DBPM, dog burn per month, tracking very closely our CPF. That's cats per Fahrenheit.

If we want to know how fast the incinerator is running, we're tracking our TTP, tails turn to powder. These are the KPIs. I just wanted to get you up to speed.

Cause I know we haven't touched base on this business for awhile. I'm sorry. Could you start?

Cancel those one more time. Name those one more time. EBPM, dogs burn per month, CPF cats per Fahrenheit and TTP tails turned to powder.

Oh my. Okay. What about PBM?

What's that one? Puppies burn per month. We don't track puppies.

We are always trying to optimize. We're trying to optimize for our Rob, our rate of burn. So we can have our PBL dialed in, which is our pause before lunch.

So Chris, you wrong for that. That's pretty good. We're canceled.

That's pretty good. All right. What do we got next?

All right. So I, I want to, you know how I have that Apple notes folder on my phone where I write down standup bits. Cause one day I'm going to do a standup bit.

Yeah. I want you to, I want you to review them on a scale of one to five. Okay.

Okay. Can you do that for me? Just help me out.

One. What's five for you? It's not funny for you.

Five is like Chris rock, Nate Bargadze, Netflix special. One is like, Hey, Chris, just leave that out. Leave that out.

Are you ready? Okay. Yeah.

So yesterday I went to the bathroom at the office and I went to go to the bathroom. That's not fair. And it had not been flushed.

Okay. I don't want to be too graphic, but someone went number two in the bathroom. Okay.

And I was just like, but I didn't have a choice. It was my only toilet. Okay.

So I was just like, this is disgusting. And then I thought about how silly that is. How, if you take the average person, you put two toilets side by side, you're going to elect to poop in the one that doesn't have poop in it already.

Right? Of course. And it's like the one that has poop in it.

It's like the mindset is, ah, somebody pooped in this. Oh, it's disgusting. As if the one that doesn't have poop in it has never been pooped in.

What do we, what do we think? How do we feel about that? It's a two.

It's a two. I think you could refine it a little bit. Yeah.

It's a two. It's a two. We're fine.

I don't even like that one. I don't even like that one. Okay.

All right. Insecurities on full display. It was stupid.

Scratch that. All right. You're going to like this one.

I'm going to, okay. I'm going to take a risk and I'm going to overhype something because I'm that confident in this one. So our good friend, Steven Hale, who I was just talking about, we went to dinner, our, us and our wives went to dinner a couple of weeks ago and his wife was talking about her grandma.

This was a couple of years. It's been older story, but her grandma woke up one morning and her husband had died through the night. Okay.

Who hasn't been there? We've all been there and she was, he was old. And so she looked over, she saw him, she could tell that he had passed and she went back to bed.

Okay. Cause she, she was just at peace with it and she's, he's in a better place. Elmer, are you dead or asleep?

That's interesting. Steven Hale, are you dead or, oh, he's dead. I'm going back to bed.

That's going to take 30 minutes to get all police out here. The ambulance pronunciation of him being dead. I got messed up.

Sorry. All right. Keep going.

Steven Hale, this will be the first time he hadn't snored in 38 years. Steven Hale, I'm getting some Z's. Steven Hale, so she's telling this story and it was a lighthearted mood, right?

It was a lighthearted move, mood. We were all cool with it. Steven Hale, how could you not be lighthearted with that story?

Steven Hale, and we were just sure. We were just all talking about how crazy that was. And I just looked around at everyone at the table and I just had to feel it out.

Cause it's, are we that close? Are they going to be offended? Is it that kind of a crowd?

And so I said, man, talk about waking up with a stiffy. I lost it. I felt so bad.

Like I immediately felt terrible, but they laughed. They laughed. They were cool with it.

He hasn't talked to me since, but he laughed in the moment. Steven Hale, oh gosh. Steven Hale, is that a good one?

Should I put that in there? Steven Hale, that's a good one. That's it.

That's a very good one. Steven Hale, okay. Steven Hale, yeah.

Yeah. That's really good. Oh, I need a second.

Is that it? Is it just those two? Steven Hale, yeah, I'm not, I wanted to end on a high note.

So. Steven Hale, you ended up here. That was like a three, dude.

Steven Hale, solid three. Yep. All right.

This is good. This is good. I had fun.

I love, I love today. I love you. I love your family.

Sometimes when I'm alone, I think about you. I think about you for, I did this out, Muhammad. All right.

We'll talk next week. All right. Not before then.

Yep. Thanks, everyone. All right.

See ya. Thanks for listening. Once again, please let me know if you like these Chris and Nick episodes, and we will keep doing them over and over and over again.

Like and share with your friends. Yada, yada, yada. Love you all.

Goodbye.