I did the math yesterday. We were making about $60 on each planter. Everybody who sells a house usually gives the client a gift.

And I think it's a great way for a realtor to be front of mind four times a year. Every time I come and change out the flowers, they're going to think like, oh, OK, right, you know, Daryl's got me to go. Most guys cut grass because it leads to bigger jobs.

With the flowers, I'm getting the customer base, but I have far less overhead. If you can avoid changing the plants, unloading a truck, if you're just pre-building everything and swapping, it's very scalable. Why don't we just start by you telling everyone who you are and what you do?

So my name is Daryl Knight, and I own a business called From Porch Flora. I started in 2020. I actually kind of got the idea while I was on a fishing trip.

We had met a guy who invented, it's a tray that you can kind of grow multiple different plants together. It's called a plant pie. And so he made this invention, and we were originally kind of talking with him to see if he was looking for investors.

That kind of hit a dead end, and we sort of backed into doing the seasonal flower subscription. So we wanted to do something with seasonal, with subscription-based billing. So that kind of started our business idea.

Originally, we were thinking if we could get greenhouses to grow things pre-made for us, and then have them delivered to different nurseries, the nurseries would be open to us driving, you know, foot traffic to their traps. Because if they're there to pick up our stuff, then they might be there, you know, they might buy extras while they're there. What it ended up being was, we buy from greenhouses, the plants, before they get to a nursery.

I pre-assemble everything in a container, and then I just swap out old container for new container, and then that's inside a fancier planter. So backing up, what was your background before this? Like, what gave you the confidence or the experience to want to start a front porch floral business?

Yeah, so I guess that would have been a better way to start. I started landscaping, I was 12. Nice.

And then I really got into doing like masonry, landscape design, like whole projects at 14. So I started working with another company on Long Island called SK Complete. So I worked for them until I was 22.

And then during that time, when I, my college years, I went to a school in Long Island called Farmingdale. I got my associate's degree in horticulture and landscape design. And then from there, I actually took a small hiatus, became a police officer for a period of time.

And then I always wanted to get back into the, like the horticulture side when I was older. There's also a period of time where I worked at a nursery. So I have the background in plants and my, actually, my experience at the nursery is really where I kind of felt like I was sort of onto something where a lot of customers would come to me and ask for guidance.

And we kind of map out their whole property and see how we could do some, put something together that looks sharp, but also like made sense as far as not putting the wrong plants. You're not going to put a shade plant in a full sun spot. That's where I got that confidence, I guess, to, to, to go into something like this.

What was the name of the pie product that the guy was inventing? It's called a plant pie. Plant pie.

What about that? Just like sounded like a really good idea to you. It's called a combo.

And usually it's like two or three plants that are already pre-grown together from the greenhouse. What we liked about the plant pie was the way that he had, he made this, I guess, unique design on the bottom of the tray. So the roots kind of self prune and it was very shallow.

So you're talking about maybe two inches of soil. If you think about this, if you had, if you wanted to plant flowers in a bed of mulch, you know, you still have to, you have to pull your mulch back and still dig down into the soil to plant. With something like the plant pie, you could literally just pull the mulch back, put the plant pie down, push the mulch back, and you're onto planting the next plant.

And it'll root within a week, almost like sod. You know, we were like, oh, this is almost like sod for flowers. What is it made out of?

Just plastic, just a plastic tray. Interesting. So that's just like your background caused you to just immediately fall in love with that idea, which ultimately led you to what you're doing today.

Correct. Interesting. It's so funny, like looking back and connecting the dots and it all makes sense in looking back.

But at the time you're just, it kind of seems like you're just hopping from thing to thing, right? It definitely evolved from first year to where I'm at now. It's evolved quite a bit.

COVID hits and you want to start like a, did it start as like a more traditional flower subscription business and then evolved into what it is today? Yeah. And we originally were looking for something a little bit more passive than what it's become.

You know, we were thinking that if we could kind of get these deals, like these orders in, and then the greenhouses are basically fulfilling orders, then delivering to their usual nurseries. And then it more so evolved into a service business. Okay.

So you, you basically wanted to go out and find customers and then go find a nursery and say, hey, we're going to buy directly from you, but we want you to do a little more work. And did you want them to deliver the flowers or they were just going to prepare them and then you deliver them? They were going to prepare them.

So like a typical greenhouse will grow thousands of flowers and then different nurseries will place orders for a few hundred. So we wanted to kind of get into that, that mix where the, the order would come in through my website and then maybe have a few options of different arrangements. The customer places the order, the greenhouse grows it, and then the finished product gets delivered to the nursery and the customer's required to then go to the nursery and pick it up.

Mm. Okay. Okay.

So why didn't that work? Because it was just too, too much of a change for the nurseries? No.

So the nursery and the nursery that I grew up working at, they were open to the idea because obviously they want that extra foot traffic there. However, there's also a requirement for them as well, because the customer would have to show either a QR code or receipt. Once it's, once it, if it started to turn into something larger, you know, I think the nursery itself would then almost need some to dedicate to making sure that things were paid for stuff like that.

So that was a hurdle. The other, the biggest hurdle really was that plant pie tray. It didn't really catch on with those greenhouses.

They like things that could be, so the plant pie, there's two sizes, but it doesn't fit in anything. Whereas you could buy like a little four inch square planter and that fits into a tray, you know, and you can get 15 on a tray. So the plant pie doesn't really work like that.

Everything is like the shelves for shipping. They're all square or rectangle. So sort of the reason why it wasn't catching on was the nurseries had all already heard about it.

They just weren't jumping all over it. Right. It wasn't standardized enough for their procedures.

Right. Yeah. Correct.

It just, it, I think we were trying to kind of fit a round peg through a square hole. Yeah. I mean, literally like, yeah, literally.

Okay. So you kind of built the business around the, you said, all right, we're not going to event in, or we're not going to invest in the plant pie. We're going to start a, a floral subscription business around the plant pie.

And then, then the greenhouse has said, eh, this doesn't really work for us for X, Y, or Z reason. So then you pivoted into. Doing it ourselves.

Really. Okay. You pivoted just to a more traditional model then.

Correct. So then it started with, we were doing the planters at everyone's house. And I did that for the first year.

And then I pivoted again and I switched to doing it as an insert. So what I would do is I would buy a planter. So I'll buy a, whatever, like a $30 planter from Lowe's.

I will get an insert that fits inside of it. And then I'll fill up halfway with mulch. And then all the inserts I build at my house.

So I'll pre pre-assemble everything all in one shot and then go out and then my driver will take out the old insert with the old arrangement that's starting to fade and we'll pop in a new one. Okay. And that's the same business model you're doing today.

Yes. Some of my customers, a little more affluent customers, they still, they have their own planters and there is no insert that's going to fit there. So we have to, you know, bring a truck and, and make it right there on the spot.

But I prefer, and I will be pushing again this year to convert almost all of my customers to a, to an insert style. Cause I don't charge anything for the planter. I own the planter.

If you cancel the service, we'll come collect it. I find it works well. And most people are not very picky about the planter.

Okay. So these planters are, is there one on each side of the door then, or is there more than that? Most houses do too on the front porch.

Okay. So you fill it up with mulch and is that just to get it, get the plant off the ground more? So the way the insert works is it, you know, if you don't put something underneath it, it's going to sink too far low where you wouldn't see the plants much.

You want that, that insert to sit right at, you know, flush or just a little low. The reason why I use mulch instead of like soil for summer, which is our longest season, the plants will actually root through the insert and into the, the material underneath with soil. It could be very difficult to get it out with mulch.

Gotcha. Mulch it'll pull right out. Even if it's rooted through.

But the plant stays in the insert. Correct. Right.

Which is sitting inside the planter and the insert sitting on top of the mulch. Correct. And if the roots go through the insert into the mulch, no big deal.

You can pull it out with no problem. Yeah. Pop right out.

Do you have any direct competitors in your area doing exactly this, or are they doing more traditional floral delivery? There's a few businesses on Long Island that do like seasonal color changes. I don't consider myself very big, but I think I might be, I think on top, as far as maybe the numbers, I think a few of them seem like almost like hobbyists and they stay in kind of like a localized area.

Okay. So how often are you swapping out the plants? Four times a year.

Okay. When they start to fade or just on a schedule, no matter what? They're on a schedule, no matter what.

So even if they do look good, I'm still going to take them out because they're about to start, stop looking good. Where do they go when you take them out? Some of the plants that we use for the spring, they can be reused for the summer.

There's not a lot, but there are some. So typically, like if you were to look at, if you went through the seasons, like there's a pansies and I don't know if you're familiar with that, but pansies like a cool season flower. So spring pansies, they're going to kind of go to, they're going to look like as soon as it gets real hot.

So we would, you know, take that out and that's basically done. There's not much that we would do with that. Whereas if you had maybe like a petunia, that's something that if it looked good, you might be able to repurpose that in another planter.

Okay. But usually like most of them, you're just kind of throwing out. It's just died.

Yeah. Okay. What are your big sellers?

Petunias, pansies, do you do tulips or anything? We stopped doing tulips because the bulb plants, they look awesome when you put them in and they're in bloom, but they just, they, the rise and fall for those is too fast. So I usually avoid, I usually avoid those.

So for me, spring is like a ranunculus pansies, creeping Jenny, if it's available, it's like a spiller. I think I mentioned petunias already. So I always try to kind of switch it up because I want the customers to get like, to experience new things.

So just not getting the same exact thing over and over again and make sure that they're always getting something different that way you can get at a grocery store. Yeah. Okay.

So that makes sense. Honestly, that's my major competitor is, is dealing with like kind of the cheaper option that the grocery store. Smart.

Is there a margin difference on any of these plants or does it really make no difference to you? The majority of my four inch can plants, they're usually about the same price within a dollar or two. And then my centerpieces, that's really where you can kind of trip up if you're not careful, because some of them get pretty pricey.

Okay. And you're buying these directly from the, from the greenhouses? Correct.

Yeah. Okay. Have you thought about vertically integrating and growing them yourself or is that just a completely different business?

Too much headache? I have, I live on two acres, so I do have space. So I still have a full-time job and I think I'm just not, yeah, I think I'm just not there yet as far as having the time to do that.

Yeah. What are your pricing plans? A small planter, which is up to 12 inches, that's $90 a season per planter.

A medium is going to be $112 a season per planter. And then a large is 145. And then from there it's custom pricing.

Okay. So you're looking at like $500 to $700 to $800 a year per customer? Yeah.

Yep. And we have about a hundred. Okay.

Is there any long-term contract or anything or just kind of? No, they can cancel anytime. The only time that there's any fee with the cancellation is if they can't, if they cancel and the plants have already been purchased.

I mean, typically this time of year, we might see some, some people fall off or just fail to renew. But other than that, there's no, like a hard contract that anybody would have to follow. Okay.

And then you said a hundred, is that how many customers you have? Yeah, that's about as awesome. All right.

If you're watching this clip right now, you are watching this on YouTube. And if you are a fan of podcasts, please check out my podcast while you're at it, because sometimes I have podcasts that aren't on YouTube and sometimes I have YouTubes that aren't on podcasts. So check out the Kerner office on any podcast platform, or you can go to TKO pod.com.

Also my newsletter, we'll throw that in there. There are no ads. It's weekly.

It's different content than my podcast and YouTube newsletter.chrisjkerner.com. You'll see the link and we'll see you there. So what I did is I set it up so that you could do two, two seasons if you wanted, or you could do three, or you could do four.

And the reason I did that is you could have a single season subscription for just the plants around the pool. You're not going to do four seasons around the pool, but you most likely would want the summer covered every year and not have to call me and tell me some customers. Also, they just want maybe like a summer full and they don't want to do spring and winter.

So my busiest seasons are summer, which is the first season that you could get a, if you're, if you're starting off with just two seasons, then summer would be the first season that you would get flowers. Okay. So summer and fall are really my busiest two seasons.

And those two are about a hundred accounts. Okay. And how many seasons does your average customer choose?

Most customers are at four. Oh, nice. Okay.

And how are you, how are you finding customers today? Versus how did you find them in year one and two? We were getting mostly through Facebook ads or organic.

It was a lot of friends and family to start for sure. Okay. And that was really where we got our content to, to post.

And most of it then still was coming through Facebook. And that kind of made me think that that was our demographic was like a little bit on the older side. As of late, it's really transitioned more to Instagram converting the most.

So are you seeing like more millennial customers now? Whereas there's boomers on Facebook. Okay.

Correct. Yeah. Are you doing any paid ads or all, or just organic, just posting content and it comes in?

So there's a, I don't know. I don't think this is countrywide. Is it something called stroll, but they have it somewhere in more affluent neighborhoods.

There's stroll Nisiquag. So we just did a, like a paid ad through them. Is that a magazine?

It's a magazine. So it's a magazine that's meant to kind of be like it's for the residents. So the, the residents of that, those towns all get it for free.

And it's, it's funded. It's basically subsidized by all the, the advertisers. So you kind of pay for the space.

So have you seen that actually bring in business? No. So this year will be my first year doing that.

Okay. Okay. I would imagine just by the nature of the product that you'd see some referrals because friends come over and they see them and like, oh, I love your flowers right at the door.

It's like, what, where'd you get those? Oh, I get them from Daryl. As a matter of fact, I mean, through watching your show or your, your podcast, we started the pumpkins last year.

We already had the customer, we already had the customer base in, in, in place. That was big as far as just getting eyeballs on that really got us like a lot of attention. I went from not thinking I would sell any because I was just looking to kind of get some photos and put out content and see what the feedback was to selling like 14, 14 different packages in, in a couple of weeks.

And then that converted again into like recurring customers for a Christmas season. And then one of them is now, I guess it's a real good account for next year. Overall.

That's amazing. Is that how you found me from that piece of content or was it before then? Nope.

Pumpkins was it. That's amazing. Yeah.

There was a, there's a lot of people that started a porch pumpkin business based on that. Like I post a lot of stuff, right? But I think that one had one of the higher percentages of people actually taking action, which is super cool.

It's funny. Cause I actually met somebody else. I had listed some of the pumpkin packages on Facebook marketplace just to see how that panned out.

And another entrepreneur from Pennsylvania, he tried to kind of like undercover me at first a little bit and asked like the pricing. But when I looked him up, I saw that he was doing the same thing in Pennsylvania. So a couple of like young guys, they do like party rentals and stuff too.

And so we ended up just kind of like chopping it up over the phone a little bit. Yeah. I mean, you're not competitors, right?

So why not? That's why I texted him. I said, listen, we're not competitors.

You want to just talk about it on the phone? So he was like, you know, he was all into it. And it seemed like a good group of guys in Pennsylvania doing that.

So that's awesome. Have you thought about doing Christmas decoration on front porch? We started doing that.

So that kind of inspired them the Christmas stuff. And I saw the things that you had put on there for Christmas. We ended up moving away from it.

I never pulled, I pulled the trigger on the supplies and starting to create it. But what I ended up doing was I kind of wanted to do something very similar to the pumpkins, where there was like, instead of the pumpkin spilling down the front steps, it was like little trees coming down the steps. So we ended up doing yard displays and basically Christmas trees on porches.

And that's cool. If you have access to our Instagram, but you'll see like we had, we actually just took like their grow bags and we wrapped them in ribbon and they came out pretty good. Oh, I see it right here.

Yeah. That's awesome. You just kept it in the bag.

So that's a grow bag. It's meant to be for vegetables. But what we do is we would, we would brace the tree upright.

And then I would fill the bag in with soil just to keep it heavy to help hold the, this, the tree sand in place. And then, and then we wrap it in ribbon. And then that was, that was basically it.

And then you just take it back at the end of the season. That was it. Yeah.

That would that for that season, I decided to offer like a free cleanup. So I wasn't charging like I was charging with the pumpkins to remove it. Okay.

How did you determine how to price this? Did you look at a competitor and how they did it? Or yeah, I would say that this year, the trees, I probably underpriced them to be honest.

Or really, I mean, anything, anything in your business, I would try to create a formula for like the size of each planter that never really worked. So what we ended up doing was just calculating what we were spending on soil, the material, the plant material, and then manpower to make it and deliver it. And then kind of figuring out like where we want it to be, like what, what our margin we want it to be after that.

Mm-hmm . So, I mean, for me with the planters, I think I did the math yesterday. We were making about $60 on each planter.

Nice. So what would you say your net margins are overall in the business? The net margin is going to be what, my total for the year?

Or you're saying your net profit? Yeah. Total profit as a percentage basis or.

60 times, even if we go low ball. I mean, each season we're probably making about 10, 10,000. Nice.

Do you have any employees? So I have a hard time hanging onto them because we are very seasonal. I had one woman who worked for me.

She was a little bit older. So we worked with her for two years and then I actually just felt too guilty to keep pushing her through it. Yeah.

And then. Just because it's physically demanding? It can be.

I think it's just a lot of bending down and getting back up. And then, you know, when it gets cold, it's kind of miserable. And, you know, she's pushing herself through like arthritis and bad knees and, but she was with me for two years.

And then I have another younger guy who works with me. He's been great. He's been with me for two years as well.

And then this past year, it expanded into actual like larger landscape projects. And that's where, that's where I'm more so having an issue with just keeping guys around because the work is not steady enough. And I think, you know, when I'm retired from my full time, I'll be able to kind of keep those guys around.

But for now it's, I really need to target people who are kind of either part-time employed or, you know, kind of winding down in their careers. Yeah. It's like a great foot in the door business where you, it's kind of a lower ticket item.

You earn their trust and then you could upsell. I kind of identified two, two years ago, what, so growing up in my family, doing the landscaping, they are running, you know, truck trailer, team of guys, huge fuel bills, huge insurance bills to cut grass. The prices for grass have not really gone up even since I was cutting grass 15, 16 years ago.

So, but most guys cut grass because it leads to bigger jobs. With the flowers, I'm getting the customer base. They know that I know how to plant what looks good, the design aspect, but I'm, I have far less overhead.

So for me, this seems like a great foot in the door for that industry as well. So I started seeing in 2021, people were asking me more and more to do like, oh, well, can you plant in my garden? And I was just referring the jobs away.

And then 22, I started to take on more landscaping jobs, 23, again, same thing. And then last year we started taking on bigger and bigger jobs. And what is your full time job?

I'm a police officer. Okay, you did that before and then you went back to it or you've been doing it this whole time? I've been doing it since I was 22.

Okay, if you were to like, go all in on this and like really go hard and try to scale it just on Long Island, how scalable would you say that it is if you really wanted to acquire a thousand customers? If I wanted to acquire a thousand customers, I mean, scalable, I think the flower pots i think are very scalable if you can avoid doing get out changing the plants unloading a truck if you're just pre-building everything and swapping it's very scalable but then after that you're going to need like a very large team if you're going to houses unloading ripping out it's you really lose a lot of time like that especially in the winter yeah every season how much how many hours of labor would you say it takes to fulfill your service let's say you don't do anything hands on you're just like on a computer working part-time helping arranging logistics and you have an employee managing a hundred clients how many for the three months how many total hours would you think that takes not like per week not per month but total i would say we could do if i have all my plants in front of me i could probably have those built no no more than two days with just the inserts so let's call that 16 hours okay yep and then i would say you would have another week then of driving around so there's 40 hours so 56 hours okay but the hard part is that's spread over three months so it's hard to find someone that can really commit to that right because they can't rely on on that yeah that is my so spring is great because spring will carry me right through to summer especially with the landscaping now where people are looking to do plantings and things like that but then when you look to you know like late summer it really slows down yeah and that's where you know guys who are you know they're looking for they're looking to work that's where you lose them okay so 56 hours of labor to fulfill enough plants for one season right correct yeah okay so if you're paying someone uh 25 an hour that's like 13 14 1500 bucks after after payroll taxes so theoretically if you're profiting 10 grand in a season ignoring all of the complexities with it being unstable very seasonal you could make good margins like even farming out the hard work you could still have really good net profit margins on this right yeah so a thousand customers would be 10 times as much maybe even more profit because you'd be at more scale and they could rely on on more hours like maybe in the off season they could do a little more marketing during the season they could do more logistical stuff yeah right do you think if you were to like ramp up facebook ads or really go hard on the customer acquisition side you could ignoring all the logistical difficulties you could find a way to acquire enough customers to really scale not that you should i'm just curious how scalable it is right now like i was saying before for this year i want to try to push as many existing customers that are on the the custom uh accounts where i have to get out and do it there if i can push more and more of those customers the existing ones into an insert type situation then i think for me then i would look to start growing again because i'm at i'm i'm at a point right now where especially for winter where i'm almost not able to get it done before christmas time so that is really the season that i'm most concerned about fulfilling and i really want to make sure that for customer service we're top notch because i don't think this business really you know it's not going to make your it's not going to improve the quality of your life other than you know you love how your house looks when you walk up right but i want to be known like as a as a top-notch customer service company so with that said if i can if i can convert a lot of those accounts into inserts i think my ability to fulfill more accounts is gonna i think then kind of open up for me right now i'm i'm nervous to actually sink in uh a lot more effort into customer acquisition when i'm close to maxed out being that i have that full-time job yeah because you get to that point where it's like you've got you either have to stay where you're at or go really hard because or else you end up in the messy middle right yeah and i'm i'm like playing with the messy middle right now you're flirting with it yeah okay what is your churn like how many how long do you keep customers on average i don't know maybe 20 customers in the almost five years most people are saying i really i've had two customers that i've let go myself i would say yeah it's about 20 customers total that i've lost what a great business the customers that i typically lose are the ones that it's a gift for a family member okay yeah they're not really invested in it they're not invested in it and you know it's nice but you know maybe next year you don't want to spend you know 450 bucks on you know flowers for your mom if you want to do something different and i i get that too so yeah it's nice for people to gift it to others but it also means higher likelihood of them churning yes i think i actually would i would really like to do is try to get in with some realtors because i think you know everybody who sells a house usually gives the the the client a gift and i think it's a great way for a realtor to like be front of mind four times of year every time they i come and change out the flowers they're gonna think like oh okay right that is a great idea yeah you need to lean into that that's a really good idea what is the average home value on long island half a million dollars all right so that's fifteen thousand dollars average commission so 500 bucks would be a tiny fraction of that yeah that's a good idea yeah i mean you could sell it to the realtors as an investment you know you're gonna be top of mind you're gonna be their favorite realtor for the rest of their lives yeah yeah or at least four seasons yeah seriously well this is an awesome business daryl i i appreciate you taking the time um if people want to learn from you where can they find you well i mean we're on instagram we're on facebook so those are probably the best two ways to get in touch with us yeah i'd say that's probably the best way to do it front porch flora.com yep well thank you this is a great business i appreciate you taking the time awesome thank you all right what do you think please share it with a friend and we'll see you next time on the corner office you