His online trade school, 80, 85% margins. He's doing $3 million top line revenue and it's revenue paid by the government. He gets free leads.

There's always a business to make something a little bit easier. The prompt is the thing that most people get hung up on because they're like, how do I make money? They don't know the right question to ask.

Chatbot or rapper or something that's like, okay, help me find ideas that are mine, that I am philosophically, maybe literally bought into. If you can start messing around with this now, I promise you we are still super early. Just zooming out real quick, you've seen the memes on Twitter, like Charlie Light, it's like screenshot someone's biography on LinkedIn.

And it's like, he was a SaaS bro. Then he was a crypto bro. Then he was an expert in NFTs.

Then he was an expert in ICOs. Now he's an expert in AI. And it's like, we just hop from trend to trend.

I just feel like this time it's different. AI is different. Like it's just, it is changing the world.

Like I've never seen. How do you close your eyes? You're like, I don't want to talk about it because it's the new trend.

And I want to buck the home services. Like, no, it's incredible. And we're going to talk about it.

Okay. So this idea is a long-term, this isn't a cigarette butt idea. This is a long-term idea.

I'm stealing it from your episode with James Camp because I freaking loved it. Detox centers. And I'm using detox very broadly.

I'm not just talking about drugs, alcohol, but dude, and the thing you guys didn't talk about, geography. I was going to bring that up today too. Were you crazy?

Yeah, I got stuff for this. Okay. Like, yes, there's gambling.

Yes, people are addicted to their phones and dopamine. But like with young men in particular, geography is a really big deal. And I think in the same way that when we grew up in the 90s and everything was microwaved and we had fruit roll-ups and there's, you know, yellow five and red dye 16 in our foods.

Now we're like, hey, we got to go organic. I can't believe my parents fed me this, all this stuff. I think our kids are going to be like very strict with what devices they allow in the house, what you're able to watch, how it's streamed, protections that are involved, etc.

And geography addiction is a very real addiction. Having these retreats or centers or like things focused around not the drugs, not the alcohol, but addiction centers for digital addictions. I know that sounds so stupid.

And anybody listening might think, oh, digital addictions aren't a real thing. They're a real thing. I mean, scrolling on Instagram, scrolling on TikTok, they're real things.

And so I think that idea is a very interesting one. I completely agree. And I will say like the difference between how the public perceives today versus five years ago, I would say like any millennial, anyone today age, call it 25 to 45.

They grew up with geography accessible in the house. If nothing else from like the family computer. Okay.

So I would, I would reckon that over 90% of millennials in some form or fashion have had a lot of crossover with geography in their life. But the difference today is it's becoming more generally acceptable that geography is bad. Like for physical reasons, mental reasons, relationship reasons, spiritual relationship, you name it.

Five years ago, there's nothing wrong with this. Like everyone looks at it. Everyone, they're not even struggling with it because there's nothing wrong with it.

Right. But today there's more data, there's more studies and it's like, okay, yeah, maybe this isn't, maybe there is a, maybe there is a trade-off to this. Maybe there is something bad about this.

Cause if we launched this business five years ago, it's probably too early. Right. Well, have you seen the studies?

I mean, testosterone in men today versus men in the 1950s, 60 year old men in the 1950s had a higher testosterone level than 20 year old men today. Yeah. That's a fact.

That's craziness. You look at studies with loneliness in particular in young men. And when it's just easier for them to open a computer and scroll and be distracted than to go on a date with a woman or to meet people out in public, it's a massive problem.

Epidemic of loneliness, depression, suicide, all of those things. And I think that they're linked to digital media. So anyways, as I was like listening to your James camp episode, I couldn't believe you guys didn't bring it up.

I was like waiting for you to, to mention it, but yeah, gambling. Sure. But the phone, putting your phone away and like having these retreats where it's just off and you are able to engage with people and you have these meaningful interactions, facilitating those, having a business that facilitates those would be amazing.

You know, what's interesting is last summer, my two oldest boy and girl went to summer camp. For church. And I chaperoned both of them and both of them had the same rule and I wasn't in charge.

I was just chaperoning, no phones. Like literally they put their phones in like a Yeti cooler and they lock it in the leader's tent for the entire time. Okay.

So I got to witness this on the girls and on the boys side and we're out in nature the whole time. Zero, zero complaints from both weeks from one person, not even one person complained that they didn't have their phone. No one was bored.

They had an amazing time. Not one person was like, oh, I missed my, oh, I got to play Candy Crush. Oh, my, what are my friends doing?

They were fine. They're good. Like we crave that.

We it's, it is, you know, I leave my home, my phone at home sometimes on accident. My first gut reaction is like, dang it. Oh, my phone.

And then it's like, oh, this is nice. This is nice. Yeah.

I mean, and in many ways it's been helpful because like people have Apple watches and they get notifications or they've got their computers like they're constantly bing, bing, bing notifications happening. But I think, have you heard of these things called, what are they called? Faraday cages?

Mm-hmm. Where so essentially the Faraday cage will block. I think the term is electromagnetic waves.

Yeah. And that's how, that's how phone signals are transmitted is through electromagnetic waves. You're like, you literally can't even get a message even if you wanted it.

So some people put them, put their phones in bags when they go to sleep. Some people put, you know, have a basket at the front of their house. But I think selling those types of things where it's like limiting your access.

James has a brick on his phone where like literally he can't even get messages. You have a setup on your phone. I remember where were we?

We were in, we were in Texas and we were like getting in and out. And I was like, oh, dude, I want to see your tweet. Really quick.

And you're like, yeah, I can't. I'm like, what do you mean you can't? You're like, this is awkward.

You're like, oh, I have Opal set up where between like four and six. I don't, I don't remember what the time is. Four and six.

I don't have access to Twitter. And I'm like, I know, but it's really important. Could you, couldn't you just go and like change the settings really quick?

And you're like, no, I, I like can't even change the settings until after that window is closed anyways. So like we're not, we're not seeing it for the next two hours. So anyways, I think those types of demand are growing and starting a business around facilitating real experiences would be incredible.

You know, what's crazy to me is so my oldest 14 and a half, he has a phone. He got a phone for his 14th birthday. First time he has all kinds of screen time restrictions set up.

I can manage that from my phone. Brawl stars is his favorite game. He can play there for a half an hour a day.

He has a ton of access to ESPN because he loves sports. I asked him just yesterday, just yesterday. And we live in a nice affluent area, caring parents.

They're all involved in their kids' lives. I said, how many of your friends have screen time restrictions on their phones? Like they all have phones.

Sure. Any sort of restriction? Zero.

None of them. Really? None of them.

Yeah. Like at church, it's pretty common at our church, but like most of his friends are not in our church, zero restriction, which is just crazy to me. Crazy.

That is really crazy to me. Apple made that a feature for a reason, right? And I'm shocked that more, I mean, tiny little sample size here.

I'm just shocked that more people don't use it for their kids. Well, one of the things that's interesting is, and maybe there could be a business developed around this. I am terrible about missing meetings.

That's just like a natural Nickism. And it's gotten way worse ever since I started putting my phone on do not disturb. And I started putting my phone on do not disturb because I just kept getting notification after notification after notification, after text, after call, after, and it was just like, all right, I, I have to be able to focus and this phone is distracting me.

So I put it in do not disturb. And then you and I have had conversations and you're like, you're not available. Finally got to the point this last week where I decided I got to figure out how to at least let some notifications through, et cetera.

So you can set it where it's like, all right, from this app, I can get these notifications from this person. I think you could do that in these retreats. And maybe that's your software where it's like, before you go, here are the three people that my phone is allowed to be notified of.

And the phones are kept somewhere with an employee who's monitoring them. And then when they get to the camp, they're doing their thing. And if one of the three people on their emergency contact list pops up, then they immediately get notified in the camp.

Right. Cause there is that fear of like, well, what happens if my son is sick or my wife gets injured or whatever, there's an emergency. I don't know that there are one-offs that you can do an apple.

Maybe there are, but I think that would be a really cool way upfront to just like have a questionnaire. They fill it out and then the software does it for you and it, and it creates it. Cause that would make it really easy, easy and accessible.

Yeah. Like, I think it should be a retreat where it's like no phones, right? That's the whole point.

But then at the end of it, it's like, okay, you're, you're clearly going to go back to having phones. Let's talk about some healthy principles. Like here's how to use your iPhone settings.

You know what I'm saying? Cause it's like, it's unrealistic to say, you're not going to go back to a phone. Here's how to manage it better.

Cause most people don't know. And we're not incentivized to learn how to turn off notifications. Cause we want the dopamine.

We went to the moon in 1967, whatever the year was. 69. 1969.

It was the summer of 69. As some would say. JFK got shot.

I got my mouse real 60. Anyways, we have more compute power in our pockets than was on the craft that guided them to the moon. And we use it 99% of the time for scrolling entertainment apps.

So, so I love your idea. It's like, there's a, you could, you could totally tailor this thing so that it works well for you. That could be a business in and of itself.

Just that might be a really cool AI info product, right? It's like, Hey, Chris, you, wow. We iterated to this.

I'm actually really excited about this. Cause this wasn't even on my radar. The info product that you sell is teaching people how to limit their screen usage by giving them knowledge on where to go in their existing settings and change them.

Does that make sense? Where it's like the course you sell is this digital product. Teaching them how to limit their access on screen time.

Yeah. Or the AI chat bot buddy that you sell, right? The, the prompt that you sell.

And then all the haters in the comment, you can't build a business around a prompt. There are already thousands and they're doing great. You are doing amazing.

Well, dude, I remember we were talking about this and you were like, Oh, just, you could do set up chat GPT to be a phone number in your phone and you can text with them. Mm-hmm. Chat GPT just released these things called tasks.

Mm-hmm. Where you can set it up to remind you to go do things, whatever. You could literally have, you could sell a course showing people how to set up on their phones.

Anytime that they accessed an app to get a text from chat GPT. Hey, just want to remind you, you're trying to limit screen time today. No judgment.

Just wanted to make sure you knew that this was the third time that you've done this in the last hour. You know what I mean? Like it can go anywhere from my wife, which is like, what the freak are you doing?

This is the third time you've used this in an hour to like, you know, Mahatma Gandhi. Hey, no judgment. I get it.

You can do this if you want, but it's been three times. You know what I mean? Like you can totally tailor the spectrum of, of how hard it's going to be.

That would be a freaking cool info product. Yeah. Do you mean an actual info product or like a, a rapper, like an AI rapper?

You could totally do the rapper. I'm just saying, start with an info product. If you want to know how to do this, dude, oh my gosh.

Sorry. My mind is going right now. All you're doing, you're selling a prompt.

Yeah. Hey, do you want to do this? Yeah.

I want to do this. Show me how to customize my iPhone so that I don't do X, Y, and Z. Cool.

Pay me 20 bucks. Here's 20 bucks. Cool.

Here's the prompt. Put that into chat GPT. It'll walk you through step-by-step.

That's it. Dude. So I did research for this, for selling prompts.

There's a website called prompt base.com where you can buy and sell prompts. No way. Yeah.

Yeah. And you're literally just buying the text, the prompt. And this is a pretty big business.

Holy balls. Like look at these mid journey prompts are on the homepage. Four to $8 each.

Tons of art, abstract paintings. That's freaking incredible. So many levels to this.

Like, okay, I could go buy this intricate nights celestial prompt on mid journey for $3.99. I pay $4 for that once. And then I take it over to Etsy and I could sell prints using that exact prompt, like downloadable prints using that exact prompt for $4 each.

$4 once, sell them for $4 each. Like, oh my gosh, dude. I just, I just clicked on productivity, personal financial advisor for my budget.

And there's a student, it's a very long, thorough prompt. It gives examples. It tells you exactly which, what information it needs you to enter in, in order for the prompts to return the right type of advice.

It's four bucks. They're selling it for four bucks. Let me take it a step further, Nick.

Take that $4 prompt, buy it, and then go to replet and then use that prompt to make a chat bot and then go to cursor.ai and then use that, turn that chat bot into an iPhone app and then go to the Apple app store and sell it for $4.99. Or $2.99 a month. Like you literally, you buy a $4 prompt, you use free tools or tools that cost $20 a month, like replet to turn it into an app, turn it into an iPhone app.

Now you have a SaaS company. What are we talking about here, Nick? This is insane.

I've never been on the site. Okay. I just, there's a, there's a section for marketing and real estate.

Here's a prompt for five bucks, real estate listing description generator. And so it prompts you, it tells you all the things that you need to enter into it. There's a script written and then it will spit out a really high value description.

There's a higher, an app or a software. There's a higher, a prompt engineer prompt. Yeah.

Yeah. So video is cool, but you know, what's better long form audio via podcast and my newsletter, TKO pod.com. Go there to subscribe for free to my newsletter.

It's one email a week, very tactical, 1500 words per email. And then go to my audio podcast, three episodes a week, stuff like this. You're going to love it.

All free. No sleazy sales pitch. TKO pod.com.

How many 63 year old real estate agents named Carol in Omaha, Nebraska know anything about Chad GPT, but how many of them would pay $5 for an iPhone app that uses that $5 prompt. Real estate property evaluator prompt. Real estate agent Bob prompt.

Oh my gosh. How to make money in real estate prompt. This is insane.

We've talked about this. It's the prompt. The prompt is the thing that most people get hung up on because they're like, how do I make money?

They don't know the right question to ask. You can now have a database of questions that people ask that you can then start interfacing with the, with chat GPT to do. You know what it reminds me of?

It reminds me of like Google 20 years ago, you work for Google, you learn like from the inside out how SEO works. And then you go, then you go launch a company. You get accepted a Y Combinator, you know, built on SEO.

Cause you learn those principles from the inside of Google, right? Imagine people working for open AI, really learning how prompts work and using that to leverage in their own businesses. Cause like Google was all about, okay, SEO is a black box.

There are backlinks. There are on page SEO, off page SEO. Oh, how do you figure this out?

And you build entire industries, not businesses, but industries around SEO, maybe a website built on SEO, maybe an SEO agency where you do it for other people. It's the same thing, but prompts at open AI are what SEO is for Google. SEO is like how a website talks to the internet prompts are like how you talk to AI.

Again, we both talked to James camp. He's about our age. He's a little bit younger.

And he started, he started doing SEO as a teenager. He just got interested. He was curious.

And then he talked about the series of events that happened that led him kind of to where he is. And all of that started just because he was curious and he kept following that curiosity and he kept getting better and better. And he picked an industry that was growing like crazy.

Like you said this several times, the rising tide lifts all boats. He was riding the right wave. And I think the reason I wanted to keep talking about AI in these episodes is because it forces us to continue to look at it and get more ideas and understand what is coming.

If you can start messing around with this now, I promise you, we are still super early. You're going to see many, many opportunities. That's why many of the founding members of open AI are gone because they went to start their own companies.

They saw other opportunities that they could go and do. It isn't necessarily because Sam Altman is the devil, although they may have disagreements with them. It's because man, my financial opportunity is way better because I'm seeing these opportunities having worked inside the machine.

I want a site like this is my long-term AI idea for today. And then I'll give you a dumb little kitschy one after that. Okay.

Where's the prompt base for turning prompts into SAS products? I don't know of a website doing that. And I did my research.

So like Replit can help you code. Cursor can help you code apps. But like, I want to build my own app that's like built on a prompt, but it's a chat bot.

It's an LLM, but I only want to do it in a few clicks because I'm just a dumb internet marketer. I'm not a coder. How can I actually take a prompt that I buy for $4 from prompt base and turn it into a $4 a month SAS product with a few clicks?

I don't know if that exists yet. It's going to. It exists, but not with a few clicks because.

Yeah, you could do it with Replit, Cursor with all those. You can even do it with ChatGPT where you're like, how do I create my own calendar system? I don't want to use TidyCal and I don't want to use Calendly.

How can I create my own app that I can send to people? They can look at my calendar and they can schedule. And you can start that process with OpenAI or ChatGPT.

And it'll tell you, okay, well, you'll need to do this and you'll need to get this API key and you'll need to then code this. Okay. How do I code that?

I've never coded that before. Give me a step-by-step process. Right.

It's, it's very iterative because it's waiting on the question from you so that it can answer the question that you give it. But I think what you're saying is how do I give it a general idea and overview of, I want to build my own Calendly and then just have it execute on that. Is that what you're saying?

Yeah. Like in a, in a box, like a LLM SAS product in a box. The last step of the, of the process is like submit to the app store for approval.

Even, you know, tip to tail. So it would be like, Hey, I want to, I don't like Calendly or tidy cow. I want to create my own.

Help me do that. And then it, it, it asks you a question. Okay.

What future would you like? Would you like this? This is how these work.

Okay. All right. Give me your Zapier API credentials.

Give me this. Give me that. After 30, and then after 30 minutes of it, asking you the questions, it goes, cool.

I know what you want. Here you go. And then you test it.

And then you would say, all right, submit this to the app store for approval. Yeah. And maybe this is just what replet will look like in six months.

Right? Maybe that's just where we're going, but I feel like it could be simplified even more. That's just a good framework.

Like everything can be simplified even more. There's always a business to make something a little bit easier. I saw this Instagram reel of a, you got the motor, motocross bikes.

How do you get it in the back of the truck? You put like a, a two by six as a ramp leaned up against the trucks. You get it up there.

Then you get straps. You strap down the handlebars, you strap it. Yeah.

Like, cause it can't be tilted. Yeah. Yeah.

So there's this new product. That's just like this metal bar that sits in your truck and you put your motocross bike in there and you just attach it to the handlebars and they're selling millions of these things. And this isn't anything new.

We can, we can use straps, but it's just, it's like 10% easier than straps. 10 million dollar product. Right?

Like there's just as a framework, making something a little bit simpler or easier or less friction will always be a good business opportunity. Chris, are you ready for this? Let's do it.

I didn't talk to you about this. You have no idea what's about to, what's about to hit you. My friend, I have an announcement to make.

Oh shoot. I declare bankruptcy. No, I'm just kidding.

Dude. We have probably 5,000 downloads in our first week, three to five. I can't remember exactly where we are.

If you include YouTube, it's more than that. I want to see every week and we could pick AI rapper of a week. If there's somebody who go, who creates something really cool, send it to us.

I would love to see what people are creating. Someone asked me the other day, what is a rapper? So explain.

Let me set you up to rappers. You couldn't, I couldn't do it. I feel like I've been talking a lot.

I want you to explain the rapper. Rapper slash white label is basically the same thing. You're taking something that's complex and expensive and harder to build.

You're going to be VC funded like open AI and you're just putting something on top. You're just a middleman. It's like a technical middleman for something.

So, for instance, here's a rapper idea. I want, I want to sell an app in the app store that helps sourdough bread bakers bake better bread. Okay.

That is just going to be a chat GPT rapper. It's going to be a prompt, but it's going to be like, we're like Christmas rapper, right? We're wrapping it in better branding and more positioning and marketing, yada, yada, yada.

The only thing I would say to add onto that is we're, I think we're using rapper very broadly. Cause I would also apply rapper to open AI. I just released chat GPT tasks.

So what you can do is you can schedule tasks and here's a very simple example of a task. Hey, I create my food calendar every month where I plan out what my food's going to be. I want to make sure that I have six meals with fish, six meals with chicken and six meals with steak.

And then you give it like all the parameters on the 25th of every month. I want you to send me suggestions with ingredients. Lists and what I need to buy at the store, because that's when I go to Costco.

And so you set that up once and it just reminds you on the 25th of every month moving forward. And you don't ever have to think about it again. You don't have to sit down and be like, okay, what am I going to cook next month?

And what, what ingredients do I need? It's just like giving it to you and it saves maybe 30 minutes or an hour of your time. Right.

That's an example of a task. If there's somebody out there who's like, oh dude, I'm a trader. And I've set a task so that every morning at 6am when the market opens, I know what the opening price is of Apple and I'm, and it's, you know, saved me X period of time.

And I've made money by day trading doing this. I would consider that still a wrapper, right? You're, you're using AI as a tool.

If there's anybody out there who's listening, has been playing around with this stuff. And they're like, oh dude, I've been using it for business applications. And I've made money in this way.

That's what I want to know about. How have you been using AI to make money? Not necessarily just like a cool chat interface, but how have you created something, systematized it within your business that you're currently making money with?

And then featuring those. Or within your life. That's all.

Yeah. I just think featuring those would be so interesting because it's going to give us ideas. We're going to be like, wow, I didn't even think you could do something like that.

And it's going to get people who are listening ideas. Like we're just sharing the best ideas that people are using to create these wrappers. And yeah, that's, that's my ask this week.

Like just start sending us some of your ideas, send them to AI at cofounders.com. Cause I don't want all those emails. Yeah.

And it's like, on one hand, it's like, oh, these wrappers are cheap. There's no value. There's no inherent value, but dude, like I did a podcast this last week about this guy on Etsy that sells $8 personal finance spreadsheets.

He sells like a hundred a day for $8 or something like that. He makes a lot of money selling an $8 spreadsheet over and over and over fully automated, literally passive, right? You and I could make a personal finance spreadsheet.

We know how to do that, but we might just would rather pay $8 for someone else's. Cause it might have different features. Right?

So like a sourdough app, I talked in a previous episode, how I use Chad GPT to make better sourdough bread. So on surface levels, like I'm not a customer for an app like that. Cause I know all about Chad GPT.

I know how to use it. But then it's like, you know what? I don't want to fiddle with the prompt and I don't want to, I just want it to work.

So if I can pay $5 for it to just work. Yeah. I don't need to sell this to 63 year old Carol in Omaha.

I can sell this to 38 year old Chris who loves Chad GPT and just wants to save a little time. Right? Yeah.

A very stupid. Rappers are not going anywhere. A very stupid, simple example of this would be you and I do our editing for our podcast.

We've created very specific prompts now that we use, Hey, go through this episode and pull me five quotes that blah, blah, you know, and we sort of listed out. You could sell that if we wanted to. It's a business.

Yeah, it is a business. You know what I mean? But there are these things that we have used with AI that do help us make money.

I would love to hear how other people are using it to help them make money. Like it doesn't even have to be agents. Oh, well, I've got this agent going out and scraping and they're going to bring it back and clean it.

Like, okay, that might be just, just too high level. But what are you doing just simply on a day to day basis? That's making money with your business.

The GPT for sheets. We talked about how are you using GPT for sheets in whatever data you're looking at. Right.

To help your life be better. Totally. You want to hear about it.

I really want to hear about that. We need to stand up this email. What should we call it?

What should the email be? Because I don't want to get all these to our personal emails. Every time I give out my personal email on the podcast, not a lot of people email me.

So I don't really care. Okay. All right.

Nevermind. How's that for vulnerable? Chris or Nick at cofounders.com.

Either one of those. How's that for both of us? Or both of us.

We could just have Kelly go in and categorize them easily. Add it to a folder. It's free publicity to you.

It's good content for us. Yeah. That's amazing.

Okay. So we were talking about quitting. Two days ago, I talked to a guy that has a good friend with the school community for guys that want to quit.

And he's doing six figures a year. It's high ticket. I don't know what he's charging, but a handful of people in a digital school community trying to quit.

So there's an idea for you. Okay. Another thing quit.ai is a rapper.

I don't know how, how well they're doing, but it's, it's just, it's just a, someone to talk to. It's an AI to talk to that is built on how to quit. So there's one thing.

Like, dude, I've got an AI rapper for you. Oh, are you, are you ready? Yeah.

I think we both could do this, but you in particular, you should build an AI rapper that talks about how you evaluate opportunities. So like, we're just talking about this and we're saying, Hey, it seems like is a big problem. What would be the first place you would go to validate whether or not as an addiction is a problem.

Google trends. You'd probably go to Google trends and just see, Hey, addiction. Over time.

Has that. Yep. Google keyword tool.

Google. Yeah. I go to the web archive.

Um, I go to Reddit. I'd go to a third party tool that shows how fast subreddits are growing. Like I'd go to gummy search.

I, yeah. Yeah. So if you did all of that stuff and then you started selling it as a rapper where somebody goes in and they're like, Hey, I think that this is exploding in popularity and I'm wanting to build a business around this.

Like, what do you think of the opportunity? And then it goes out and does all the things that, that, you know, you just mentioned or that we might use to validate something and returns back an answer. Like you've essentially just created a Chris rapper.

Yeah. Yeah. It could, it could be that.

And, or it could be, how do I think of good business ideas? Right? Cause I could easily use AI to extract every business idea I've ever talked about and put it in an LLM or a wrapper or a spreadsheet or whatever.

But how do I find my own ideas? I want, cause we, you and I both know from our experience and co-founders, like you've gotta be philosophically bought into an idea for it to really work for you. And the people that have emailed me and said, Hey, I started a stump grinding business based on your podcast.

This guy, Tyler Mumford, he heard our podcast from July, started a stump grinding business. Why? Because he really loved it.

No, it was because he worked on a tree trimming crew in high school. So like he had that experience and two, he did B2B enterprise sales. And our idea was about B2B stump grinding sales.

So he took those two data points from his life and that enabled him to philosophically buy in and start it. Whereas 99% of people, myself included, when I hear a genius idea, it's like, oh my gosh, that's a genius idea, but I'm not gonna do anything about it. Cause I never worked on a tree trimming crew.

I've never done it. It's not my idea. Chatbot or a wrapper or something that's like, okay, help me find ideas that are mine, that I am philosophically maybe literally.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Like help you get to the next question or ask the next question that helps you get to the answer. Yeah.

Cause Chris's ideas are cool. Those aren't mine. Well, dude, I had somebody listen.

So I had Hector Resendiz on the podcast and he talked about his online trade school, which is freaking 80, 85% margins. He's doing $3 million top line revenue and it's revenue paid by the government. He gets free leads.

It's just like, what the freak that's a money printing business, a listener I talked to. They were like, Hey, I listened to that. Turns out my dad was the education commissioner for the state of XYZ.

And I realized I have a lot of connections in space. He and his brother are starting one. Like they're in the process of starting one in two separate States.

He like, he called me and he's like, your episode kind of planted that in my mind. So I think. What you're onto is everybody has their own set of experiences that they can pull on.

Having a rapper that helps them uncover where the opportunity is and where they can leverage those experiences is very interesting where it's like, okay, cool. Yep. I've helped you validate the idea works.

Great. Why would this work for you? What are you telling me about your experiences or, or these, this set of experiences might be good for executing on this business.

Do you have any of them? Dude. Yeah.

Imagine if that rapper could tie into their inbox and tell them why this idea is good for them. Cause people forget. Like they forget, like, let's say I put out, I put out that tweet this morning about the, the cement plant, right?

Selling these retaining wall blocks. And you see that and you're like, oh, that's, oh, that's really cool. And then, but you plug that into the app and the app is like, dude, you, you helped your dad make that walkway and you loved it.

You emailed him all about it seven years ago. And it's like, oh yeah. Oh, now I really love this idea.

I forgot it. Like it reminds them why they should be philosophically bought into it. Cause they might've forgotten.

Huh? What's the guy on Twitter who has the, is it the crush the memory? Yeah.

Eric Kaiser. Yeah. Great idea.

I think it's an amazing idea. Cause how many times do you have an idea you're walking around and you're like, take out your phone and put it in notes or you take out your phone and text somebody or whatever. But yeah, there's, there's cool software now where you can just dictate automatically go somewhere.

It organizes it, et cetera. That coupled with, remember we talked about a couple of weeks ago, like accountability group. Like dude, you could create an accountability wrapper.

Hey, I want you to remind me every Friday. Cause that's my business time to follow up on these ideas. And it just, there's always the reminder that's coming through.

That's pushing through your notifications that you've got set up. Like I actually might do this today, go to tasks and be like, all right, every single day at these times, I need you to remind me to be on this meeting or to do X, Y, and Z, because I may be up working and my messages might be behind another window, but chat TPT is like always open kind of where I am. Yeah.

Yeah. That's a really interesting thing. You're using it as an accountability partner.

We're so smart. We're really smart and good looking. Someone tell our wives, please.

They need to know. Don't tell my wife. She does not want to know her life is on the internet, but she listens to all these though.

Right? Nick. Are you there?

You good? Hello darkness. I'm a science fan.

That's like the litmus test to know if your wife listens to your podcast is if you talk about her, because if you do, then she doesn't. That's amazing. Oh, we're off the rails.

We are off the rails. This is good though. Nick.

This is good. All right. What'd you think?

Please share it with a friend and we'll see you next time on the Kerner office.