If placebos work, even if you know they're placebos, then what's stopping you from selling placebo Adderall? Did you know that they have done placebo tests with knee surgery and it was just as effective as like a placebo pill? Wow.

That blows my mind. Second of all, they've done placebo tests where they tell them it's a placebo and it works just as well. That's crazy.

You're like a referral agency. You just farm it all out. Train your algorithm.

We're thoughtlessly like letting the algorithms train us, but we've got to tell the algorithm what we want and it'll show us. Okay. This is part two with me and Sam talking all kinds of crazy ideas.

Part one was exactly a week ago today. Let me know what you think. Another thing I thought for our tree trimming business is back to like the handyman idea is like an insurance policy where it's like, Hey, 50 bucks a year, $50 a year, which is relatively nothing.

And if a storm happens, there's a freeze branch falls on your roof. You're at the top of our list, right? That's it.

And like, even if we don't make money on that 50 bucks, even if somehow we lose money, like it positions us as more of a priority in their brain. And we're already competing with how many other home service providers, like not even, it's not like they have multiple tree trimming providers, but any contractor or vendor that they are merchant that they interact with on a daily basis. Now we're just like, we're just a higher priority to them.

And so when they're in an offhand conversation, three months later about a tree, like if they don't pay that $50 a year, they probably don't think of us. But since they do, they mention us, you know, it's, it's kind of an intangible that that can move the needle. I like that a lot.

Because then you're like, yeah, recurring revenue is what most people would see that and be like, yeah, we want recurring revenue. I'm like, dude, I want not not an LTV bump based on that revenue, but an LTV bump based on the more macro retention metric that that creates of like, you just stay top of mind with them easier. Like, yeah, we've already worked with these guys.

Tree trimming did a good enough job that we want to use them again. And so yeah, like we'll pay the 50 bucks a year. There's a whole other benefit.

So you can add another layer to that and say, you know what, I'll do you one more. We're going to stop by quarterly and just inspect your trees because sometimes branches fall in the tree, but they don't hit the ground. And it's still, you know, you might not notice it, but I'm looking for it.

I am. And what that does is it gives you an excuse four times a year to upcharge or to quote additional products or services. Right.

So we have a septic system at our house because that's all that they have where I live. And there's, you know, the septic company that installed it tried selling me on an annual plan just like this. And I said, no, for eight years, one day we had a big break.

It was like $1,600 to fix. And the guy comes all smug and he's like, you know, if you would have been on our maintenance plan, this wouldn't have happened. It's like, how much is it?

It's 200 a year. Okay. Eight years.

Okay. So we're, we broke even like, I want math on my side, which means I don't need to pay for your plan. Okay.

But from his side, it's a genius offering because so now we, my, my wife made me buy it. Yeah. It's like, I'm hearing how we do, we do pay for it.

Yeah. And every quarter he comes here, he's like, Oh, your sprinkler has broken. That's 240 bucks.

That's it. And I'm like, I'm paying you to quote me four times a year. What a scam.

That's what I was saying at the beginning. I was like, dude, like it just is a, you can sell it as an add on benefit, whatever of like, dude, well, just like, you're almost like an insurance policy, but it just gets you a guy on site schedule that they're happy to see that like, can, you know, you go get an extra thousand dollars out of that customer a year because the sprinkler head, because this, because that. So as a tree trimmer, you show up and it's like, Hey, knock on the door and you lead with good news.

You're like, Hey, good news. You're in great shape. Everything's good here.

You don't owe us anything. By the way, we now offer mulch. And I noticed your mulch is getting kind of old for 400 bucks.

We can knock that out tomorrow. What do you think? Okay.

So talk to me about this. Could you do this? If you do not have a preexisting home service business, could you just, could you just launch the maintenance?

Right. Or like the, how would you even describe that dude? It's like get a third party's unbiased opinion on what your home needs.

Right. And then come out once a quarter. You're like a referral agency.

Literally, just farm it all out. Literally just farm out every single thing to like your preferred vendors. And like, almost like I had this idea a while ago living where I live in LA, there's a lot of money here.

Right. And I think that there's this need for what I want to call like a family concierge. Right.

Like I think a lot of people like the idea of having a personal assistant. And so like you would have one person, right. That you'd give them the phone number and say, Hey, you pay 99 bucks a month.

Like you ever need to schedule dry cleaning. You ever need to make a reservation at a restaurant in this area. You ever need, you know, your, your oil, whatever, right?

Like whatever needs to go down for you to live your life that we can remove some friction on. You pay us 99 bucks a month. You just text us whatever you need.

And then we just farm that out to anybody else. Like, Oh, we need a new gardener. Cool.

We've got these three vendors. Here you go. Here's their pricing.

Do you want us to handle that? Which like, then you get into some interesting stuff. You get their credit card on file.

You can pay for them. You can do some credit card point. Like there's things to do, but like that model of like, Hey, we're having issues with a, B and C and just, just positioning the middleman as a better offer, right?

Your home concierge, right? Like your whatever, whatever it turns into and just middleman it up on a recurring. And then you get kickbacks from your referral partners or you control billing on the top and you go to, you know, homeboy a and say, Hey, this guy needs new sprinklers.

What's that going to cost? They say two 50. You go back to that guy and say, it's three 50.

I just feel like there's a move there to be like literally launching it as a middleman in a local demo like that. Yes. I got an idea.

So, so let's take two ideas, put them together. Yep. So you take the go outdoors model, $5 yearly membership, and you go up to a household and you say, Hey, I own, what would you even call this?

Like, you don't want to say home warranty because those have like a scanty connotation, some sort of like a concierge, right? You said it concierge is a great word. That's the only downside.

I know, but it's like, is it irony? Yeah. Nobody knows.

Scientists haven't figured it out yet. Yeah. But basically what we do, we have two plans, $0 a year and $5 a year.

Okay. Hear me out. We will stop by every quarter in person, like no BS.

We will leave a note on your door to prove that we were there. And we're just going to look around. Do you have pests?

Do you have any sort of issue? Do you have trees hanging roofing issue? That's it.

And if you pay $5 a year, you're going to get 20% off any service through our vetted partner network. If you don't pay $5 a year, no problem. You can still call or text us anytime you see or need something and we'll stop by every quarter.

The only thing that the $5 gets you is a 20% discount on any service. So what that does is it just gives you an excuse to stop by every quarter and quote them something and farm it out to roof. You don't have to be an HVAC or a plumbing guy.

You're just farming it all out. It plays on the same human psychology. Like then when you're, when your faucet starts leaking, it's like, Oh, you know what?

Let's just call that guy. Cause I'm, I'm paying $5 a year or we're going to get a discount or he's going to come anyway. You're top of mind.

I mean, like I was doing it that same sort of model digitally for a while and still kind of do when I do consulting. Right. It's like, it's a, the way that I've always described it is like, for me, I say, I'll play quarterback for your growth, right?

Like I'm going to come in, I'm going to look at your business. I'm going to look at all of the different channels that could work, might work, what the math looks like. And then I can provide vetted partners for, Hey, you need PPC.

This is where we think we're going to see the most. These are the guys that I would go with and just pump them there. Like I'm not doing the actual PPC management, but like they're paying for my eyes and expertise to then point them in the right direction.

And I think that there's specifically as some of the commoditization happens across digital services, across whatever, you want somebody that can be there as the filter a little bit more to be like, Hey, are these guys like there's 15 plumbing companies that can come out and do your septic, right? How do I know which one to pick and being able to pick up somebody that like the phone and call someone you trust to be like, Hey, we're having issues like who? And just be like, these guys, they do this.

Here's why run that. And so I think applying that same model over to a, a non-digital business is also super interesting. And I think it's very important that the first couple of times you stop by, there's nothing, you're not quoting them anything.

You're buying goodwill. Right. And then like on the third quarter playing the long game or else it's like, Oh, okay.

I see what this is. Yeah. But really all this is, is like, this is the in-person equivalent of like a paid ad on Facebook or Instagram.

It's right. And what we're doing is we're just like, you know what you're competing. Like every vendor in the world is competing for your attention.

I'm just going to pay a little bit of money to, to be higher up the priority list, right? It's going to be job, spouse, kids, church, sports. They're at the very top.

And then it's like Kohl's. Maybe you shop at Kohl's every week or target or whole foods or Walmart. They're right there.

I want to be just below that. Just at the top of the mind. When, when anything happens inside or around your house, I'm just paying a little bit of money or in this case, charging a little bit of money to be more top of mind than I am today.

Yeah. I think that's the move dude. Like, and there's so much you can do from automate.

Like there's so many ways that you can lever that up to make it so efficient. Right. Like when I think about like the quarterly check-in, right.

It's like, you just build a massive, I don't know the last time that you've moved in or out of an apartment. Right. But like when you move in, you, they give you a piece of paper and it has like a list of all of these things that like you have to confirm are good in the apartment or like, and then when you move out, they do the same list about like, Hey, we're going to use the security deposit.

Cause there's, you mounted a TV on the wall and tore the drywall out. And so if you do that, right. But it's six pages.

Once a quarter, we come out and we fill all of this in with notes and all of the things. And like, here's resources on how to, we noticed your grass is a little dry. We don't think you need to hire someone to fix it yet.

Here's some things that, you know, chat GPT, please send us an email with five recommendations for keeping your grass green. Right. Like here's our top five tips for this.

It'll, it'll drop your cost on maintaining the home. Cause you don't need to hire, right. Like there's so many different ways to run that.

You know what I mean? Oh yeah. AI has got to play a role there.

It has to. So I've gotten sucked into like the DIY algorithm on Instagram. Okay.

Yeah. Yeah. And some of these videos.

Okay. Here's an example. This woman took a bunch of paper scraps and she put them in a bowl, put water in them, got like an immersion blender and made like a paper mache and used like these little just household items, things that everyone has around the house to make a moon.

And then she put like an led lighting strip around it and put it on her wall. And it looks like the most incredible moon ever with craters and super hyper-realistic same color and everything. These videos get like 60 million views.

And it's literally just a craft that a mom made in her house. And she's monetizing with like an Amazon store with like 2% affiliate links. Why isn't there anyone out there?

And if there is, please show them to me. That's like just training the algorithm to show you these things and then building products and pushing on the back, building products of these and pushing them with paid ads. Right.

What are we doing? Or turning the DIY video into a plan, a PDF and selling on Etsy for 1995. Right.

Or just like doing, I mean, we talked about this when I was in Dallas, like neon bears was that, right? It was like, Oh, I can go in this. I did it like, and granted, like, you know, knee slinging acrylic.

I don't have, I don't have one around here, but like acrylic bears, which is not at the top of my priority list, you know, with the 30 employees, you know what I mean? But it didn't work. It sold units, dude, on a, on a, on a solo drop lander that I just like sniped internet photos to do.

Like, yeah. So I think there's like, I think there's, there's opportunity in that. It goes back to that, that other episode, which people should go and watch is just like, there are other people promoting products that they just aren't selling the product on the backend, but the videos are going viral.

Right. Paper mache, A, B and C. I mean, the cooking dude, like somebody somewhere is going to stack an absolute bag off of selling digital cookbooks.

And I just haven't seen it yet. Oh, I got something to talk about here. Like the cooking videos that have taken Instagram by the neck.

Every other video I see or that Lauren sends me is a cooking video for the air fryer for the, they're all bangers. And it's like, these people aren't selling anything. They're not selling a cookbook of all the recipes.

It's like, bro, like, I'm just going to take your video. I'll give you credit. That's fine.

But like, it's all going to go to the cookbook that I'm putting together or like a niche content site or like an iOS app or a Microsoft, you know what I mean? A little software like, Oh, like, you know, like there's ops there that I think are super interesting. And it's all just like the market is already telling you what you want, bro.

Like you can see the light count on the video. You know that this chicken piccata air fry recipe has, you know, 500,000 people that are interested in cooking it. And it's like, all right, cool.

You piccata be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me, dog. Dude.

All right. All right. I got a bunch of ideas.

Yeah. So first of all, chat GPT is replaced. Like I like to cook.

It is replaced. Any of those dumb recipe blogs that are have so many ads. Dude.

It's like, thank you for the recipe. The last thing I need to know is about your daughter's third grade class day. I don't care that this is your husband's favorite meal after a hard day of mowing the lawn.

18 paragraphs later, maybe we get to the ingredient list. Then maybe we get to the instructions after six autoplay video ads. Dude.

That's the only, it's the worst way to monetize with all these ads. You cannot read what you're doing. Right.

So I'm done. Like that phase of my life lasted 36 years and I'm past it. Yeah.

Just last night. I want, I got some deer meat. I shot a couple of deer.

Let's go cook up some taco meat with my deer meat. And did you know that side note, the number one ingredient on taco seasoning is cornstarch. Like it's all filler.

Yeah. It's cornstarch plus some seasoning. It's a joke.

Yeah. Like it's full of carbs. Like seasoning should not be full of carbs.

And so I don't remember like back in the day when I was on keto, I had my own taco seasoning. When I say my own, I mean, one, I ripped from those stupid blogs, but last night I just opened up chat GPT and I'm like, give me a taco seasoning recipe. And then I looked at my Tupperware container that I wanted to put it in and I saw it was 2.9 cups.

So I thought I'm going to leave a little space in there. And I said, make sure it, the final result is 2.5 cups worth of seasoning. Boom.

Gives it to me immediately. Awesome. And then I start putting this together and I see, dang, the number one ingredient is chili powder and I hardly have any chili powder left.

So I said, hey, whip me up a new recipe, substitute out the chili powder. So I asked for a chili powder substitute and it went a step further and it reincorporated the substituted items into the original recipe for me with the math and everything. So that's cool.

But like, I'm never going to go to a mom blog and read a recipe. No, ever again. It's a, it's only chat.

And these are the iOS things that I'm talking about. Like that's the iOS play that I want is, is chat GPT wrappers around specific use cases like that. Well-branded, super simple.

Yes. And like Twitter bros will tell you there's no business there because people just use chat GPT. And I'm going to say, I don't believe you.

There's 8 billion people on the planet. Yeah. I don't need to get all of them to be a customer here.

No, you get, you get 7 billion would be great. A thousand people, a thousand people at 69, 99 a year, 70,000 bucks recurring revenue. All right.

If you're watching this clip right now, you are watching this on YouTube. And if you are a fan of podcasts, please check out my podcast while you're at it. Because sometimes I have podcasts that aren't on YouTube and sometimes I have YouTubes that aren't on podcasts.

So check out the Kerner office on any podcast platform, or you can go to TKO pod.com. Also my newsletter, we'll throw that in there. There are no ads.

It's weekly. It's different content than my podcast and YouTube newsletter.chrisjkerner.com. You'll see the link and we'll see you there.

Like on autopilot for what a chat GPT rapper. What's your positioning? No stupid mom blog preamble, no ads, no, no autoplay videos.

That's it. It's the anti what everyone's used to. Straight up, straight up.

The other piece too, is like, I've been thinking about like chat GPT rappers are super interesting. I think, you know, there's, there's a few of like niche use cases of plant identification or like, right. Like all these little things.

I'm just going to say this out loud. Someone can steal my idea, dude. I want to launch an app.

I just want to call it pastor. And I just want it to be a, I know, right. I just want it to be a, like a Bible study partner, right?

Like you can go in and like have a conversation with a pastor. That's AI, right? And like, you got to remove the vowels.

It's just got to be P S T R. Pister. Anyway, keep going.

But like, there's stuff like that, that I feel like, again, like, you're talking about massive market. You're not trying to sell them a $3,000 program. You know what I mean?

It's like, you're trying to get them to sign up for 60 bucks a year. And I just think that that world with markets of that size are interesting. Like, dude, and it remembers the notes you take on certain scripts you read.

And then six months later, it's like, Oh, you took a note, similar to this in John chapter seven. Right. And you start layering in additional, additional functionality of a daily Bible study, uh, journal or like accountability partner, right?

Like, did you say your prayers today? You know? Yeah.

Like, no, you're going to hell. You know what I mean? I don't know.

Yeah, literally. But I think there's just stuff like that. Yeah, I don't know.

I don't know. I just think there's, there's a world where there's so much, if you're listening to this and you want to build an iOS app, like I will fund that space, like that one specifically, just because I, I, I mean, I have that send prayers, Instagram account to 13,000 followers just on posting like Christian music. Yeah.

It's still posting stuff. Yeah. I mean, I got to go refill the coffers every once in a while, but like, I'm like, yeah, I'm in.

And can AI watch and understand videos right now? Like if I upload a reel, can it tell me exactly what's going on? I think so.

I've never tried it because obviously it can do videos. Potentially a downloaded version. Dude, you mentioned plant identification.

I'm a tree guy. I like trees, right? And I had this Oak tree in my backyard and I was like, what is this?

And I knew they had apps that did it. I'd never had one on my phone. So I look at the apps.

They all cost money, but they all have a seven day trial, free trial. I download the app, I identify it. It's a scrub oak.

Cool. Then I delete the app because I ain't paying for that. Right now, you know, I'm identifying trees all day, every day because it's free in chat GPT.

And guess what? Those plant identification apps, they're doing great. They're doing just fine.

They're fine. They're doing just fine. And they haven't changed anything on their backend either.

No need to. No. Great.

Just a perfect example of how no wrapper is too stupid. Well, it's just, yeah. Well, the, the, the thing that, that I had to break this pattern of for myself was really like selection bias was like, when you think what's the, what's that book crossing the chasm, right?

Like they talk about early adopters and they talk about, right? Like, and then you get to the mass market and all of that. I realized that me and everybody that I'm around, which like is a broad stroke on like Twitter, right?

Specifically, these are early adopters. Yeah. Like, and sometimes proximity bias.

Yeah. Like I have to reference check. Like one of my, one of my best friends here, I grew up with him.

We went to kindergarten together. Like he is, he's on Twitter, but he's not, or my sister, right? Like my sister, dude, like she doesn't use chat GPT.

Like I don't know, like anyone in real life that's on Twitter. I don't know what it, I don't know how they have 200 million daily active users. Cause I don't know any of them.

And so we just sit in this world of selection bias of like, oh, these people have already done this. Oh, like it's just chat GPT. It's like, no dude.

Like I promise, I promise that you can just go put out an offer and like 99% of the markets, they're not even, they're not even going to look at your plant identification app and be like, oh, this is just a chat GPT wrapper. You and I know that. Yeah.

You and I see all these apps and we go, oh, this is a Fugazi, you know, like, like it's a Fugazi, but like the market, the market has no idea what's going on. Like they just think that it's, that's what the app does. They're like, oh, they built this thing.

Take it a step further and do a side by side Google trends comparison to two search terms, chat GPT and perplexity. Okay. You and I know perplexity.

It's a household name. It's like a 20th of the search volume is chat GPT. Yeah.

So why not build a perplexity wrapper? Right. Right.

And then you can even sell to the people on Twitter. Right. They're not even talking about perplexity.

No, it's like, they don't even know, dude. It's like, go, go ask, go ask the guy that's bagging your groceries at the store later, what perplexity is. And he's like, dude, it's a drug.

I don't know. Like, what are you talking about? But he'd buy our app, but he would, he'd be like, dude, I want to be able to identify the tomatoes in my garden.

You know, dude, I keep getting distracted from the original idea of like a paper mache moon thing. And that's not the idea. It's just the idea of, I love like the other guy asked, this guy asked me, so I'm doing my call in segments again.

Right. But it's different in that people can record a voicemail and then I play it. So they're not live.

They can't keep asking questions. Right. Very limited.

And this one guy called in and he's like, Hey, I want to do what you're doing on social media. Like talk about business ideas, but in Canada. So it's totally different.

I would never compete with you. I'm like, dude, do you know how the internet works? Yeah.

I was like, dude, you know, the internet, it's the internet, but he's like, I just have one question. We are one nation under Elon. It's like, I just have one question.

Where do you get your ideas from? Like, where do you source them? I'm like, dude, I get them from Instagram.

It's I just train the algorithm. And so that's a whole other framework is like train your algorithm. Like, do I like watching Theo Vaughn videos?

Absolutely. But not on this account. If I see Theo Vaughn come across, it's like not today, Satan.

No, no, no, no, no. Get out of here. No, like no bookmark, no share with Nick.

Literally. I'm swiping away. If I see someone making a paper mache moon, I'm going to bookmark.

I'm going to comment. I'm going to like, I'm going to, you're just training the algorithm, but we're thoughtlessly like letting the algorithms train us. But if you really want to learn or see these niche things, we've got to tell the algorithm what we want.

And it'll show us. That's what I do on. I have three different accounts and I train them all on three different things.

You have to. And my personal account is a lot of Theo Vaughn for sure. But like the other ones aren't.

Here's what you do. You go find the 50 million view paper machine moon video. Yep.

Okay. Upload it to chat GPT. You say, I know you don't really know what's going on here, but I want you to come up with a plan to make this clearly it.

And you can describe it. You give it some help. It's paper mache.

They're putting in a bowl immersion blender, but I don't know what does the moisture content need to be? They've got little bottle caps to make the craters. What size bottle?

Like I need varying bottle caps. So you need a milk jug. You need a two liter bottle.

Like I want you to write this out 10 seconds later, you've got a plan export to PDF, log into Etsy, sell it 1995 alongside the video, but we're not done. We're not done, Sam. Okay.

And I'm going to start calling you California, Sam. Okay. Cause you've got the California voice and I think it just works.

Okay. Thank you. That's a compliment.

And so then you, you go to the creator of the video who's not monetizing it at all. And you say, Hey, I love your paper mache moon. I love it so much.

I'm going to sell it on Etsy, but you know what? I want, I want to give you 25% of all those sales. I noticed you haven't posted it since May.

Did you know that you can safely, and when I say safely, I mean, it will get just as much, if not more engagement, you can safely simply repost. You just hit repost. That's it.

Any piece of content and no one will remember it. And most creators don't even know that. Like it has to be new, has to be fresh.

So you can safely repost that. But this time you're going to put a link in the bio or you're going to put a mini chat automation that leads to my Etsy listing. And you're going to get $5 every time it sells.

And all you have to do is hit the mini chat, the mini chat. Like if you were just, gosh, I know it's brilliant. It's many chat is your answer.

That's it. You're, you're, you're, or post the story. Yeah.

Like you find, yeah. Like you go find products that you think you can sell on Etsy, Amazon direct, whatever. It doesn't matter.

Like whatever it is, you go to them and say, Hey, we got this thing. You're just going to send, this is your script. You already have this video.

All you need to do is say, comment X and I'll send you my guide product kit, but whatever they do that. You set up, you own the mini chat automation on the back and you just go all pushing towards that product. And you can do that times a million creators and a million products.

Like all you're doing is just trying to identify trends, spin up products, products to fulfill that quickly. And then you're just managing. That's dude.

Some like you're a middle dude. Like you just like, I love being a middle man. Dude.

I'm always down. Crapped on title in the world. Right.

And I'm here for it. Hire me. Everybody is a middle man, bro.

Put me on your middle man payroll. Okay. Everybody's a middle man.

Quick plug. I do have a mini chat affiliate link with a discount in the show notes. I got it.

I got it. But dude, here's the, everyone wants step-by-step plan. Step number one, create a new Instagram account or Instagram has a new feature by the way, Sam, where you can reset the algorithm.

Did you know that? No, that's dope. Click a button, reset it.

Okay. So go into Instagram, reset the algorithm and just start training it. Start searching for things, right?

DIY, DIY, whatever, whatever it is. Train it, train it, like bookmark, create a bookmark folder with all these things. Okay.

Then you're going to go use my mini chat affiliate link, sign up, and you're going to get a keyword. Then you're going to upload that video to chat GPT. It's going to tell you what's happening.

It's going to, it's going to spit you out like two pages worth, but you need more than that. You need value. So then you're going to say, chat GPT, go to step three.

And I need you to elaborate on that. Go to step four. I need you to elaborate that on that repeat over and over until you have like a 17 page PDF, go to Etsy, create an account, have your mom and grandma buy something to leave you a five-star review, push some paid ads to it to get some more reviews, get some traction.

You want to put that video front and center on your Etsy listing, and then you're going to reach out to the creator. She probably won't respond because if she has a video of 50 million views, she probably has a ton of DMS, but you're going to find her on any other platform. And I promise you he, or she will respond on one of the platforms.

It's just a numbers game. People do it to me. They will copy and paste the same message.

And I do respond to them. That doesn't mean I want you to do this if you're listening, but it works. And then you're going to say, Hey, all I need you to do just hook a brother up with a swipe up on my story with paper mache moon or with moon or with anything.

And you're going to get five bucks every time it sells and you won't have to do anything. Why aren't we doing this? 50 million views, right?

Equals demand. Guess what? Etsy PDF equals worldwide sales.

Yeah. No shipping. No fulfillment.

Yeah. Game over. What are we doing?

Dude. What are we doing? Dude, I need a nap.

I know I need eight more hours a day. I need another peach of Lonnie. Dude.

With that, I had to switch to the non caffeinated. Ooh, drink thoughts and prayers. Oh, it's so good, bro.

What is it? Noco. Amino acids.

I just had an idea. Did you know that I'm fascinated with placebos? Okay.

First of all, did you know that they have done placebo tests with orthoscopic knee surgery and it was just as effective as like a placebo pill? Wow. That is a fact.

They faked the surgery. Yes. They go up and then you go under and you wake up and you're like, you're good.

And they'll put like a cast on their leg. They'll make it seem like they, they didn't do anything. And they were fine.

And the results were the same. Like that blows my mind. Second of all, did you know that they've done placebo tests where they, you know, control group a, they got, they got group B group B is the placebo.

And they tell group B here's your pill. It is a placebo, which like breaks every rule of the book, right? Here's your placebo.

Wait, what? Yeah. We're, we're trying something new.

Same effect. That's crazy. They tell them it's a placebo and it works.

That's crazy. Wow. Well, so that was my thought that I just had, as you said, the first one, I was like, dude, I'm, I'm, I'm launching phantom surgery.com.

Just come on in here, dude. We'll just give you a little laughing gas. Call it a day.

You don't need to be a licensed doctor. If you're not actually doing anything. I'm not, that's what I'm saying.

Like, I'm just going to put an operating room in the back of a box truck and call it a debt. But in all seriousness, that would be an important part of it is making it seem and feel and look. Oh yeah.

Yeah. It's, it's a set. It's a, it's a fake, it's a fake jet for sure.

It's gotta feel real. So I was thinking, could you build a business around, around placebos? Right?

Like here's, here's the thing. Here's the thing. Well, I mean, if it works, even if they know it's placebo, then generally you would say, yeah.

Okay. Tell me if I'm unethical parent for even thinking about this. So I haven't done this, but I'm seriously considering it.

Two of my four kids show like serious signs of ADHD. I wonder where they got that from. Probably my wife.

Right? Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Definitely. Definitely on her, her bloodline over there.

It's from her anyway. And they're not medicated. They're both extremely smart.

They're in gifted and talented programs, but I've heard that like, it really doesn't become a problem until age like 10, 12. Right. Got it.

And they're not really there yet, but like no parent wants to like, look for an excuse to give their kids pills, myself included. Yeah. But yeah, I'm good.

But like, if I find that it genuinely improves their quality of life, I'm willing to do that. We just would rather exhaust other options first. Right?

What about this? What if I go on Amazon? I order some sugar pills and I put them in a bottle.

See, this looks just like this. And I can even put a label on it. It's just like Adderall.

It's literally a sugar pill. And I go to my kid and I say, Hey, and they don't, you know, I'm not sitting down with a doctor. They don't know any better.

It's like, Hey, clearly you're struggling with your homework. Your dad has ADHD. These pills really help.

And I think they could help you. It's a very small dose. And I think it'll help.

And then give my kid a sugar pill and see if it works. What do we think? Is that completely like, am I going to get canceled?

Is this it? Is this me getting canceled? Cause I haven't done this to be clear.

I've never done this. Yeah. Yeah.

Mom. I'm just putting it out there. No, I'm, I'm with that.

I think in an interesting way, have you seen tabs, the sex chocolate? Yes. I think that's so similar.

It's the same thing. There's nothing going on in there. There's not, it's not anything other than the fact that you and your partner have both opted in to this thing that says we are about to get hot and heavy down here, you know?

And so then like, you just get your brain into being, you know, whatever, whatever vernacular confirmation bias. Yeah. It's like, you're looking for it.

So you're doing it. You know, it's like, yeah, we're going to have this before. And then it's like, it doesn't, not that it doesn't, but like, I mean, come on, you know what I'm saying?

Like, good marketing period. End of story. It's phenomenal marketing.

And I'm not, I'm not mad at it. Right. Am I a customer?

No. Am I mad at good marketing? That might be a little misleading.

No. Dude, I might be a customer, bro. Muhammad.

I let that out. Anyway, you could build a brand, a brand around the placebo effect. For sure.

Why not? Just call it placebos. If placebos work, even if you know they're placebos, what's stopping you from selling placebo Adderall?

Could you, I was going to say, could you put that on the website? Like Adderall? Like on there and be like, dude, that would be sued by, would you, but if you, if you disclaim it as, as a placebo, I'm just saying like the, the trademark Adderall, like, sure.

You know what I'm saying? Sure. Sure.

Sure. Sure. But like, you know, yeah, you fly close to the sun, the sun, but like, I don't think you can get in trouble for saying outright, this is actually not a med, this is a sugar pill, but it's a placebo for Adderall.

And we just referenced the studies that you talked about. That's like, even these guys knew that it was a placebo and it still had positive impact. You're not putting anything in your body other than half a gram of sugar once a day.

And your cost on that is zero. Like I'm not zero, but like, I mean, cards on that is your packaging is the most expensive part. Like your cards on that is like what?

$4. If max sell it for 28. Well, dude, if you, if you ship pills in, we're talking about shipping pills here, this is really devolved.

If you ship pills in like an envelope, like not in a pill bottle, you're paying the cost of a stamp. So shipping is like, yeah. Speaker 2 Yeah.

Yep. It has to be under a quarter inch. And that would be while you look for that by way of backstory to the listeners and or watchers.

There it is. Speaker 2 It's flat. Speaker 2 There it is.

Yep. Speaker 2 Toss that in a mailer, dude. Speaker 2 I had stopped recording and we were talking about the drink he was drinking and it looks like an energy drink, but it has no caffeine.

And I'm like, what are you doing? Like who doesn't drink caffeine? And he's like, well, it still has the vibe of caffeine.

Then we started talking about placebos and I had to hit record again. So this is like an encore. It's like an idea.

Encore. Speaker 2 An idea. Encore.

I mean, I feel like when I crack this thing open, I get excited for the next two hours of my life. Very similar impacts outside of the fact that caffeine has a biological indicator, but I was feeling before we got on this pod, I was on back to back calls for four and a half hours. I was feeling a little rundown.

I took a shower. I went and grabbed this and I was like, let's get after it. And then we popped on and ship you off.

Who's going to be run down on the TKO pot. You're just not going to happen. Speaker 2 Especially when you have a placebo in your hand.

Speaker 2 Thanks for listening and or watching to the Kerner office. We'll see you next time.