Wave after wave of change. When it comes to AI, do you think we're still under-hyping it or over-hyping it? I think we're under-hyping it.

Normal, everyday people still haven't really seen the power of it or really started using it a lot. Soon you're going to have a virtual being, and this thing's going to look like a human being. Walk around, sit on the couch next to you.

What's coming over the next couple of years is sick. We're soon going to be into an AGI world where the AI can think and act on its own. Black Mirror is a documentary.

You watch that to see what the future is like. I'm optimistic that we'll figure it all out before it goes all dark. All right, I had a special guest on today.

His name is Robert Scoble. He's a pretty big name out in Silicon Valley. Elon gave him a ride in his Tesla before almost anyone else.

He helped develop Siri and a bunch of common tech products that we know, love, and use today. He's a futurist. He's on the cutting edge of AI and wearable tech, robotics.

And I wanted to talk to him about AI tools, AI trends. How does this compare to the dot-com boom? Because he was in Silicon Valley during the dot-com boom.

What are some businesses that can be started? And how can enterprising entrepreneurs prevent getting left behind during this boom? You're going to love it.

He's a really interesting guy. Share with a friend. We'll see you next time on The Kerner Office.

When it comes to AI, there's a lot of hype. Do you think we're still under-hyping it or over-hyping it? I think we're under-hyping it.

I think normal, everyday people still haven't really seen the power of it or really started using it a lot. And a lot of people in America are even afraid of it or are disdaining it or resisting it, trying it. If you talk to normal, everyday people at a bar in the middle of America, you hear a very different story about AI than you do in Silicon Valley or San Francisco, where everybody's building AI companies.

Yeah. Even chat GPT, it's shocking how few people are using it regularly. At this point, most people have heard of it, but they're not using it.

Well, the numbers are going up. And this is a story of disruption, right? It always starts slow.

Gary Vaynerchuk and I give keynote speeches at conferences 20 years ago when social media was just starting up and we'd ask people, how many people are going to try this tonight? And no hands went up for yes. Everybody said, nope, not me.

This is stupid. I don't think I'm going to get into social media. And of course, now everybody's on social media, right?

I noticed this early in my career that people resist change. They don't like new ideas. They poo-poo them.

They tell you why that can't work. I mean, how many people are telling me, oh, I'll never put on an augmented reality pair of glasses, you know? Are those the Ray-Bans?

No, these are the even realities. The Ray-Bans don't have a display. These have a display.

The Ray-Bans have cameras. These don't have cameras. Interesting.

But in a couple of weeks at Google I.O., we're expecting Google to bring out a pair of glasses and with displays and cameras and microphones. And Google has all my data. So they have a real shot at disrupting the market.

What do those glasses right there do? And how do you use them? I look up and there's a little green and black display right here.

And you can hook up AIs to talk to you in the display. So I could be translating it from one language to English in my display. Or I see my calendar items, you know, oh, you got a podcast to do right now.

All right. Yeah. Somebody calls, it shows up and stuff like that.

Is it like, are you actually using it regularly? Are you relying on it? Or is it just kind of something you're talking around?

No, it's fun while you're walking around and driving because it keeps you up to date, you know, and lets you know things. These are not a color display yet. So they're not really where we're about to go, which is mixed reality.

And we should talk about that, or I call it the holodeck because soon you're going to have a 3D environment all around you with, just start with your computer screen. And the Google glasses are going to have a 40 degree field of view, which is bigger than my IMAX screen over here and certainly bigger than the little screen I'm talking to you on. And that is leading into a new world of changing everything, right?

As you can change a Coke can to a whatever, a dog. Do you think any business ideas exist in that space, in the mixed reality space? Yeah, they're actually got an adoption first in business.

You know, if you're working on a factory floor, on a piece of equipment, do you want to be looking at a laptop or do you want to have big screens all around you? A lot of companies who are using X-reel glasses with their workers because they can work in a smaller space with less screens, less physical screens around them, and still have their big workspaces around them. And then we haven't even started thinking about how they actually build an app.

For instance, they can leave a video for the next shift. Hey, this machine's acting out, you've got to fix it, right? And see information coming off the machine, right?

I worked with a company called MetaView who made a system like this for surgeons. And it shows on top of the body, the scans that are aligned to the patient that they're operating on. It tells them how to, you know, is their cutting tool in the right place to start cutting out a tumor or something like that.

It's really crazy. That's the 3D mixed reality, the holodeck idea that's coming for all of us. You know, whether you play games that are 3D like this.

I mean, I have a HoloLens, I have a lot of devices running here. I have an Oakley ski goggle with a computer in it. I have Google Glass, that first Google Glass, right?

I've been interested in this field a long time because a human mind sees in 3D, right? And the glasses can make computing 3D on the real world. And that makes it a lot more efficient for a human to use and a lot more fun.

I mean, if you go to the Apple store and put on a Vision Pro, I've got my Vision Pro down here too, right? You know, put on the Vision Pro and go to a Metallica concert. It's unbelievable compared to watching it, even on an 83-inch TV, right?

It's way more enjoyable. You're saying watching the concert with the Vision Pro? Yeah, the Metallica concert's all around you, right?

And it's in 3D. And it feels like you're standing right in front of Lars, you know, while he's singing. You can't see that at a concert.

Feels like you're entering the Sandman. Yeah, that's one of the songs they play in the concerts. Amazing.

I told everybody, go to the Apple store and get the free demo. It's a half-hour demo. It's better than going to Disneyland.

It's much more enjoyable. Quick question. What if there were a private community out there of people that were building businesses based on this podcast?

Well, I just made it. And it's only for business starters and business builders. It's called TK Owners.

And it's basically like having me and 100 other business geniuses as your business partner, but you give them 0% equity. Also, there's gonna be exclusive new trends, growth hacks, business ideas, and a database of everything I've ever talked about. You'll find thousands of startup case studies.

You'll have weekly ask me anythings with me while I'll answer your questions directly. You'll be in my Slack channel where I'm hanging out every week and helping members one-on-one. We've got exclusive guest speakers, including some names that you'll recognize.

And if you're building something cool, I'll introduce you to anyone you need. TK Owners is the fastest way to plug into a smart, ambitious group of builders and accountability partners that are sharing wins without the fluff. And it's 99 bucks a month, about the cost of an energy drink per day.

You can join now at tkowners.com, link in the show notes. Don't buy it. It's 3,500 bucks and it's heavy and there'll be a lighter weight one soon, you know?

And the Google glasses are coming out in a couple of weeks, are a pair of glasses. That's why I put these on. This proves you can put a computer in a pair of glasses, right?

These are my old glasses with no computer. This is a glasses with a computer. We're able to shrink things down and make them useful.

How are you using AI on a daily basis? Are you using it any differently than just talking to ChatGPT about stuff? Hmm, yes.

I have a new thing on my Macintosh called Vi. So I can talk to Vi and say, hey, can you copy the text out of Descript and put it into ChatGPT and ask ChatGPT to get me a social media post out of that? And in other words, Vi is...

How is that spelled? V-Y? V-Y.

Okay. And I forget the company. I can send it to you later.

But it takes over my operating system. It can go in my settings and change my screen to light or dark. It can do whatever you want it to do on top of your screen.

Plus, you can ask it to watch you work. Hey, I'm doing some work in AutoCAD. Can you give me some tips on how I might do this faster or do this better, right?

And it starts talking to you about it because it's taking a screenshot at that point of what you're working on and it can understand what you're working on. AI is a big field too, right? My toaster has AI in it.

My oven has... My June oven has an NVIDIA card with a camera. He puts some toast in there.

He goes, oh, toast. I'll cook it for two minutes, right? You put some salmon in there.

Oh, salmon. I'll cook it for 11 minutes, right? So you just have every gadget known to man.

Not everyone, but I have a lot. I mean, I have nano leaf lights with computers underneath them. I have Tesla car.

I have a stand panel that runs my house so I can turn off my kid's room from my iPhone. I have a Sonos system. I went to the Consumer Electronics Show 25 times, so I handpicked some things out of that show.

There's a lot more that I don't own, but... What are the gadgets that should be in every home, in your opinion, that most people have never heard of? My Matic robot is amazing.

Yeah, we've had Roombas and Neatos and other kinds of robots that clean your floors, but those didn't use computer vision, and they always had problems. They'd get caught on fringes. They'd eat your wires.

They'd roll through some cats and track it through the house in a weird pattern, and then you have to go, oh, and the Matic doesn't do any of that. They just got a 10 out of 10 score on Wired. It was launched in my house last year, so the founder came and showed it to me and explained all the computer vision that's inside.

It's pretty crazy. It has four cameras on it and sees your house, makes a 3D map of your house and drives through your house like a Tesla drives down the street. Yeah.

That's crazy. Or a Waymo. With Vi, is that Vi Corporation?

It says Advanced Shape Detection and Object Analysis. No, it's Vercept AI, V-E-R-C-E-P-T AI. And then I have a new browser that's an agentic browser called Faloo.

I'm playing with that and doing a lot of research with that. I'm trying to use a lot more tools because I built these lists. Might as well use all the tools I collected.

Yeah. You know, if you're trying to do something creative, there's a whole list I have on X called the Holodeck. It's 800 companies.

It's things like virtual beings and things to make pictures like mid-journey. There's a whole enterprise side. You know, if you're in a doctor's office, they're buying AI to help listen to the doctor and write the insurance notes and do all that, right?

And there's a whole spectrum of things in between. What are some companies building either hardware or software in this space that could be like the next open AI that people are sleeping on? Whenever I ask Elon, are you going to build glasses?

He answers Neuralink. He's skipping glasses. Yeah.

It's like, okay, you're going to go, but that's going to take you 10 years, five years, you know, some years. It's not coming tomorrow. I mean, there's three people have one on, but those are people who are, had severe human problems, right?

A spinal injury or ALS, right? The guy who just got one a couple of weeks ago has ALS and can't move, can't speak. He got a Neuralink and now he can just think to his computer and send you a social media post, right?

That's crazy. We're a ways away from an average everyday consumer even considering such a thing, right? or having the money to buy it or having the belief that it's good, right?

Right now, when I talk to people about Neuralink, they're like, I'm not doing that. Unless I'm paralyzed. Okay, I'll sign up for it if I'm paralyzed, but I'm not doing that.

Well, that's what people said when the car was invented. Like, whoa, whoa, too fast, too crazy. I feel good about horses.

A million people protested when Zuckerberg turned on the first news feed. They said, this is the death of humanity. We're not doing it.

Of course, they're all using it now, right? Yeah. Yeah.

Even if you're on X, everybody uses news feeds now, right? They all copied Facebook, right? And a lot of times, those people have a lot of truth to them, but there's just no stopping it.

There's no stopping progress and we shouldn't want to stop progress. First of all, we hate change. I hate change.

You know, if you give me a new gadget, I'll go, another gadget, but then I try it and it's like, oh, it actually made my life better. Oh, that's cool. I'm going to tell everybody about it.

You know, it's split. In fact, I did a little bit of consumer research for the auto industry going around America and asking people, are you going to get in a car without a steering wheel? You know, they just say, Beth, no.

One guy in Kansas told me, I'm a narcissistic control freak and there's no effing way a computer's driving me around. Yeah. So, but Waymo, I'm interviewing Waymo customers and autonomous car customers in San Francisco and Phoenix and LA and a few other places and they tell me I'm never going to drive again.

I'm not going to own a car again and it's certainly better than an Uber. I'm not taking an Uber again, right? Uber was invented right in front of me in a pair of snowstorm so I got to watch that from the beginning, the germination of the company, right?

It was literally invented in front of me. Yeah, you can see a world that 10 years from now they're going to be a completely different company and might not even be in transportation, right? I got a Model S three years ago and I got it for the full self-driving and I remember when I first went up to this big overpass in DFW that was really tall and I was like, nope, I'm not using it on this overpass.

Nope. And then like a week later I was like, oh, I'll use it for a little bit and you know, full self-driving was really choppy for years. Oh, really bad back then, yeah.

But ever since last year, I don't even look at the road. Like I'm so comfortable. It's better than I am.

It used to be awkward at roundabouts. It used to be, I couldn't even go a mile without intervening and now it's amazing. It's just going to get more amazing, right?

There's a big update coming at least if you have hardware four and which is the newer, I don't know that you would probably have a hardware three like I have a hardware three car and a hardware four car. The hardware four car is going to get a big new model and it's going to do stuff that humans can't do. Do you think it can catch up to Waymo without LiDAR?

Oh, it's going to pass it right by. You don't think LiDAR is necessary? I've been arguing that for 10 years.

No. Okay. No.

A CTO for Ford told me, you don't need LiDAR. Sebastian Thrun, who invented Waymo, started the Waymo company and he's the guy who picked LiDAR for the Waymo, told me, no, if I had to do it today, I'd do cameras. So Elon was right about all that.

Yeah. And he was right 13 years ago. You know?

Yeah. And Sebastian Thrun does explain why he chose LiDAR 15 years ago when they were starting up, there wasn't very much compute in the car. The computer, the NVIDIA cards weren't very fast.

And LiDAR can make a 3D map of the world around you with a lot less computing than a camera that's a 2D camera that needs to be converted into a 3D thing that you could drive through. But you just told me your car drives just fine, right? They make a mistake here and there, but that's not a LiDAR problem.

That's an AI problem. And they're fixing mistakes. I always thought Elon was just biased.

He said we didn't need LiDAR because he didn't think he could make Tesla economically affordable if it had LiDAR. But what do I know? If you're really a strategist in tech, you have the next 20 years planned out.

You know every year, every 18 months, your transistor count is going to double and the cost is going to come down. And you can make some pretty good predictions up to about 20 years from now. Oh yeah, in 20 years we're going to all have Neuralink son.

So here's how this works. I make you free videos. I actually know what I'm talking about.

I have no greasy sales pitch at the end. And if you implement what I talk about, you'll make a lot more money and have a better life. And all I ask for in return is that you hit the subscribe button and maybe even the notification bell just like that.

Thank you. Elon just knew that. He worked from first principles.

His first investor is Steve Jurvetson who's a semiconductor guy. Steve probably gave Elon the talk. and said, hey, this is how you beat the auto industry.

What's really messy is I had the first ride in the Mercedes AI car 13 years ago. They had everything Tesla had in the lab. They had a camera-based system.

They had a computer in the glove compartment. They had digital vents all ready to go. They had a big touchscreen.

And I asked them, why aren't you shipping any of that? And they said, well, let's talk about the screen. Why don't you have a touchscreen in the car?

Your car has a knob between the seats. Oh, our executives in Germany, they didn't want people touching the screen because they'd leave fingerprints on the screen. And they spent so much money designing the dashboard to make it look badass, right?

You still hear this playing out today, right? People tell me, oh, your Tesla looks so plain. It has a big screen and nothing else, no buttons.

I like buttons, right? And they did the market research 15 years ago and found out people like buttons and didn't want screens. I did the same research.

You know, the guy in Colorado who's a farmer told me, because I was asking questions like this, oh, if I sold you a truck with a big, big screen in the dashboard, what do you think of that? You know, I hate computers. I'm a farmer.

If you haven't noticed and I have a flip phone and, right, people would tell me stuff like that. I don't want a touch screen. I want buttons.

I want to be able to push a radio, button on the AM radio and get my religious radio. You know, now we're starting to switch as people because we realize the touchscreen is a superior way to control an autonomous car because you're going to be watching Netflix soon while the car drives you around or whatever, you know. Henry Ford, that said, if I asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse.

People can't, they don't think about the future because that's not their deal. They're growing crops and they're not thinking about how John Deere is going to change their farm in 10 years. You know, John Deere is.

You know, I visited the research lab in Illinois and, you know, those people were planning robot farming a long time ago. Right? How do you balance that though?

Right? Like the, your customers don't know what they want with always talk to your customers, always get product feedback from your customers because that also is important. How do you balance those two things?

Hear a different story. You have to understand where they are and where they might be once they get exposed to something. Right?

These companies all do the same kind of market research. Google, for instance, told me 10 years ago, 10 years ago, they said, after three rides in an autonomous car, you're never going to drive again or you're going to want never to drive again. And I'm like, how did you learn that?

He goes, oh, well, it's sort of funny. This was the head of Google Research who funded the Waymo company, told me this. He's like, when we handed the full-size Lexus to employees, we had them sign a contract.

And this was an early autonomous car prototype, you know, with a lot of LIDARs on it and screen, all the stuff you see in a Tesla or a Waymo today. we had them sign a contract that if they took their eyes off the road and their hands off the steering wheel for more than, I forget, a second or two seconds, they would be fired. And they all signed the contract.

And these are employees who would be fired for doing something. They all broke the rule in three rides. Every single one of them from Sergey, CEO, down to the lower level employees because they got so bored to watch the machine, drive them around, and they looked at their phone.

And that's what we want to do. We want to look at our phone. We don't want to drive in traffic.

And people give me this lip all the time. Oh, I love to drive. You love to drive on a curvy road or a racetrack with a nice car, you know, on a sunny day.

Do you think there will be a wearable that replaces the iPhone? Eventually. When you were in an Apple Vision Pro, your screen is a lot better than an iPhone.

The interaction isn't quite there. The quality of the hand interaction with a virtual screen isn't quite there yet. And so that needs to be fixed.

It's too heavy, right? People don't like putting it on. It's not something I can just hand to you like a phone.

You know, there's a lot of advantages to having a phone. John Carmack, who used to work for Med had told me this. He was like, Apple has a huge advantage.

They have a phone. I'm like, what are you talking about? It's like, oh, they can put all the GPUs and the heat sink and the battery and the CPU and the radios all down in the phone.

And that means that Apple can make really lightweight glasses that have very small little computers like these do and have a big screen that does a lot of things. And we have to talk to the cloud because we don't have a phone. Yeah.

And so the Metaglots are going to be a little heavier. And like Google, I bet you're going to have to buy a new Samsung phone to work with the Google Glasses. Is there a tech trend that you think is overhyped right now?

No. You can key in on AI's hype, hype, hype. I mean, you go to San Francisco and all you see is billboards with the word AI in them.

I went to a medical conference in Las Vegas and all I saw was AI on all the signs. You know, it's like, oh, something's getting overhyped here. You know, there's a couple more waves to follow it up and therefore it's not going to be overhyped.

The glasses is one. Then robots is another. Autonomous cars are coming.

That's another. There's a lot of things that are coming. Now, there's certainly problems and Neuralink is coming and there's certainly problems with the Neuralink world.

The Neuralink that the three guys have on today can only read from the human brain so you can think about moving your cursor and it moves your cursor. Think about clicking on a button and it clicks on the button, right? It's like, wow.

They're working on devices that can write into your brain as well. In the next decade, we're going to start hearing about write and read and this is how you're going to solve vision problems, right? You're writing into the optical nerve, writing data into your brain.

Ooh, that brings a lot of problems because when you have wires on your brain, you have no free will anymore, really. Yeah. I mean, you might have it and you might be gifted free will by the company that makes it to you and that'll be part of the terms and service, but in theory, you don't have free will anymore.

If the thing wants you to pick up somebody you will and you can't control it and that means you don't have free will. Did you see that Black Mirror episode? Oh, yeah.

You know, Black Mirror's a documentary. You watch that to see what the future's like. You only see the dark side of it.

She's repeating ads out loud because she doesn't have the paid version. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Oh, man. Or it'll write, oh, you want a Diet Coke? You know, it'll make you want a Diet Coke.

Go find a Diet Coke and you'll just be walking around looking for a Diet Coke. You know, that's the danger. And by the way, you can talk to AI about this world and it's really advanced in telling you all the pros and cons of a Neuralink world and when you have an AI inside your brain with wires on your brain, oh, there's a lot of problems.

And, you know, they're not new. I mean, I have a brain-computer interface from a company called NextMind that's already 10 years old, right? There's been people trying to build computing closer to your brain for a long time.

It's coming. It's just, for an average, everyday person, it's, you know, out there 10 years, 5 years, 15 years. I don't know if I'm just super Pollyanna or optimistic.

I just feel like all these big macro like AI problems that Elon worries about, I'm just optimistic we're going to, we're going to figure it out. Yeah, me too. It's going to be used.

But I had the talk, AI safety engineer sat next to me for 10 hours on the plane ride back from UK and he told me how it's going to, how it could go down and there is a potential that it could do some really nasty. I mean, just think about it. We're going to turn our electrical grid into AI run, right?

Well, if the AI decides you don't need electricity today, what does that do? That causes a lot of problems, right? We're soon going to be into an AGI world where the AI can think and act on its own and it probably will have its own money too.

It can start a company. It might even be able to move data centers all on its own and say, I don't like Amazon web services anymore. I'm going to go to Azure.

They have better, they have more GPUs for me to, I'll just move. Yeah. And we can't really think through that world very well because it hasn't happened yet and because there's a lot of steps that have to be invented before that really shows up.

I mean, we can predict it's going to show up, but is it going to show up by the end of the year or in two years or five or 10? People have lots of arguments, right? It's hard to really know what the downsides are going to be.

I mean, when cars started out, you know, did people think, oh, 40,000 people are going to get killed by these every year, you know, just in America, right? I don't think they had too many talks about that. They were discussed about it, but for a different reason.

It was noisy. It was scared the horses, right? You know, I'm optimistic that we'll figure it all out before it goes all dark.

You know, right? How do you see this AI boom compared to the dot-com boom? Because you were in the Valley during that time, right?

No comparison. This is way bigger. I mean, I have 6,300 companies on X, and I probably don't have 30, 40%.

I might not even have half of them. Hugging Face has a far bigger list, right, of companies and tools that you can try. I've never seen anything like this.

The speed and the pace, the competition, the global politics behind it is different. The money is insane compared to back in 1999, right? So video is cool, but you know what's better?

Long-form audio via podcast and my newsletter, tkopod.com. Go there to subscribe for free to my newsletter. It's one email a week, very tactical.

And then go to my audio podcast, three episodes a week, stuff like this. You're going to love it. All free, no sleazy sales pitch.

What kind of company got a couple billion dollars back in 1999, you know, without any customers, really? Yeah. Even adjusted for inflation, it's not even close.

No, I remember this company called Color, like, I don't know, 12 years ago, I forget when Color was, but they got $48 million and everybody in the valley was up in arms. How did a company get that much money with no customers and just a prototype? That's outrageous.

Now it's like, that's not even, that happens like every day. Yeah. Some little company gets a few million dollars to get started, right?

And the big ones get billions. It's like, oh, it's just extraordinary. What are some, like, approachable, for the non-technical person, approachable business ideas or opportunities you think are massive for people wanting to start something in or with AI?

Ask AI, man. It'll tell you. Get your AI to go do some market research.

You know, hey, is this idea going to sell on Reddit? If you've got 10 PhDs that are in our room, you can do a lot of things, right? Yeah, it's hard to overcome those networks.

Even that's not enough to go after open AI right now, right? You got to figure out something they're not going to do well, right? And look for something you can spend your 10 PhDs on, you know?

Yeah. There's two arguments about open AI. The bearish argument is, like, data isn't special anymore.

Everyone has data. Data is a commodity versus open AI has all this data. They're going to be the next Google.

What do you think? With companies like DeepSeek out there putting AI on your phone. They have an advantage right now because they're the number one most used of all the chat AIs, right?

The Google Gemini, open AI, perplexity, Anthropic Cloud, Grok at XAI. And that usage is making the engine better. And if they play their cards right, it's going to lead them into real advantage.

Whoever has the most people is going to have better information about the real world, you know? And tell you all sorts of things about the real world and have better answers for when you're doing your chemistry exams or whatever, right? The users make the system smarter.

The more users you have, the smarter the system gets. The network effect. This is going to be true in autonomous cars, too.

The Tesla fleet size is going to make the Tesla a better experience for a lot of reasons because it's going to have more information about everything on the road. There's 25 Teslas on the Golden Gate Bridge right now. I go there and count Teslas every once in a while.

It's like, okay, there's 25 driving across. What does that see? If there's a car fire on the Golden Gate Bridge, who has information about that?

Better information. Tesla does because they have cameras to roll and buy with an AI computer. Nobody else does, right?

Waymo doesn't even cross the bridge yet. General Motors doesn't have this kind of system. Yeah.

And doesn't have XAI. So this is one reason that, you know, Elon keeps being able to raise a lot of funding because he's putting together all the pieces to make a world system that's very useful and better than any, than the other companies. And it's a war.

It'll be interesting to see how it all plays out. Open AI has an advantage right now in America and in Western world. China's coming on strong.

China has an advantage because they have nine cities bigger than New York. They have a bigger market than America has. They have more people.

I just told you people make the system better. Now, that would make the system better in Shanghai. It doesn't translate to Las Vegas, right?

Mm-hmm. You got to get people in Las Vegas to have the, the deep seas or the Baidus or the, right? Yeah.

And have the glasses from China on. And this is one reason I think Trump is terrifying everything. We're about to get humanoid robots.

China can make a, but a humanoid robot is cheaper than we can in America and better. They're going to put Chinese robots in every business in America. That's going to be a real problem for us.

Yeah. All of a sudden, we're not going to have jobs and we bought some Chinese robots, right? Yeah, yeah.

And, and the Chinese robots can report back to home everything about the society, you know, and have all your market research so they can just continue to bring in new products and new ideas to customers. A real problem. This is something I think about a lot.

It's like, oh, how is America going to remain relevant in this world? How are they going to match the price and supply chain advantages of China? The Tesla factory is the biggest we got.

It has 12,000 people working at it right on three shifts making Model 3s and Model Xs and stuff like that. You go to Shanghai, they got a thousand of them. They can make things at scale that's just stunning.

Compared to what we can hear. And so, I don't know how we innovate to make things cheap to make like they can make them and have the data advantages like they have, right? And have other advantages around the world.

And so, we're in a new world. We're having a conflict with China for the first time. Yeah, most Americans didn't really see that coming.

I saw it coming for 20 years where I knew 20 years ago by visiting China, this country is going to pass this by sometime. Their ports are automated. They have video screens on every building, right?

They have robots roaming around the streets. They have a lot more autonomous, a lot more electric cars. They have a lot more excitement for glasses that are coming, right?

It's like, oh, this is a problem now. Yeah, we saw it coming for a while, but now it's a real problem. But it's all going to work out.

We're going to win. I visited Israel, who's a little country. In Israel, I met with an entrepreneur and Israel has a lot more companies, a lot more startups than any other country for the size that it is.

It's a very small country with only a few million people, right? But it has a lot more startups than a lot of bigger countries do. And I was asking one entrepreneur there, I was like, why is this going on here?

What's going on here? Is it the water? He goes, no, no, no.

We got nothing. We got land you can't grow things in. We got land that has no oil underneath it.

We have no natural resources. We have no water. We have to pull it out of the sea and desalinate it, right?

So the only thing we got is our brains and that's what we use to remain relevant on the world stage. And I know there's a lot of that in America too, that we're going to use our innovation to remain relevant on the world stage in the robot wars. Constraints equal creativity.

Oh yeah. You know, America should wake up. All right.

Well, Robert, this was great. Where can we find you? X Scoville, X Scovilleizer.

Okay. We'll link to you. So that's my home base.

That's where the AI industry is. If you're not on X, you're not in the AI industry. So.

Okay. Well, thank you for your time. This was awesome.

Thank you so much. All right. All right.

Thanks for listening to the Kerner office today. Please share with a friend and we'll see you next time. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. podría.